Sundar Pichai: Look, I would say it's a combination. Obviously, as a company, over time, we've had periods of extraordinary growth, and then there are periods where I viewed it as a moment where you take the time to optimize the company to make sure we are set up for the next decade of growth ahead. I view this as one of those moments. It gives us a chance to make sure we are, with clarity, identifying what are the most important areas and making sure we are directing our incremental investments towards those and as well as where we can realign. So I view this as an opportunity to do that and also being responsive to the current macro environment we are seeing. 
Sundar Pichai: Brian, I think, look, I think we gave some -- we've been clear that we are going to moderate our pace of hiring going into Q4 as well as 2023. I think we are seeing a lot of opportunities across a whole set of areas. And every time, talent is the most precious resource, so we are constantly working to make sure everyone we've brought in is working on the most important things as a company and particularly so. And that's a lot of what sharpening our focus has been about.  We are reviewing projects at all scales pretty granularly to make sure we have the right plans there, and based on that, the right resourcing and making course corrections. And this will be an ongoing thing. It is something we'll continue doing going into '23 as well. 
Sundar Pichai: Look, I think it's always important that we try and understand our user segments and their needs so that we can make sure the products are helpful and working for them. And we also conduct thousands of studies a year to understand how user needs are evolving. And as part of it, there are some studies which obviously show people, particularly younger users in certain categories, maybe fashion inspiration as an example, look for more visual ways to engage. And so these are all learnings we are constantly taking in and we use it to improve Search. And if you saw Search On, we had many explorations and product directions, which move in that direction. So I think it's a healthy way of iterating and innovating to build the best products and services for our users. 
Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Mark. Well, a couple of things. I think compared to the past, I think are going through this, I mean there is, as we have said before, there is more uncertainty as we go through. We definitely see indicators on both sides so that makes it a bit more unique. Number two, I would say the strength of Search both as a product for users as well as for advertisers in terms of delivering ROI through a tough time in the ad market, I think, is great to see. Third, just like when we went through it last time, ahead of us was a decade of mobile and the opportunities it brought. And to me, sitting now, looking at all the work that's going on in AI, we've been an AI-first company for the past 7 years in all the investments. And it looks like a big opportunity ahead. So keeping all that in mind, focused on the long term, using this moment to be disciplined and prioritize and focus, I think, will set us up well for the next decade ahead. 
Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Justin. Look, I mean, I think on the AI front, we are still in very early innings. We've been very good about, as our research teams are making progress, bringing it into Search so pretty much transformer-based models, including BERT and MUM and Search now. So it's driven a massive improvement in search quality and helped us extend the lead in quality over other products.  We are definitely using it to make it multimodal. And I think going back to some of the earlier questions about making sure Search is visual, things like Google Lens bringing visual search into -- being able to point your phone at things and ask questions, all that really helps set up Search well for the future of where computing is headed.  But AI not only affects search, it affects all our products. It makes YouTube better, ads better -- and through Cloud, we are bringing it to other companies as well. So we'll keep that in mind. And maybe to -- so we'll keep that in mind. 
Philipp Schindler: Yes. And from my side, Eric, in the third quarter, as I mentioned, there was a further pullback in spend by some advertisers across both brand and direct response. But overall, I feel YouTube remains in a really good position to continue to benefit from the streaming boom. In direct response, we think there's a lot of room to run to make really YouTube more shoppable, more actionable from video action campaigns to product feeds, app campaigns, live commerce features.  Advertisers are turning to YouTube to convert intent into action and really drive performance at scale. Product feeds are coming to Discovery ads soon and recent expanded to Shorts. We're already seeing results. And in fact, on average, video action campaigns with product feeds saw an over 70% increase in conversions on Shorts versus those without.  On the brand side, as I said earlier, eyeballs are moving away from linear TV, and we're helping brands move beyond traditional. Let's -- to efficiently really achieve their reach and awareness goals. And obviously, you mentioned that as well, Connected TV is an important part of this strategy. When you think about it, YouTube is really the best place for advertisers to reach new consumers across multiple formats and screens from shorts to long-form, podcast, music all the way to CTV. 
Philipp Schindler: Yes. And to the second part of the question, as we discussed before, we've always focused on building a great user and creator experience first, followed by increasing monetization over time. We continued to experience a slight headwind to revenues as Shorts viewership grew as a percentage of total YouTube watch time. And as I alluded to earlier, the initial progress on Shorts monetization has been encouraging. And we're focused on closing the monetization gap between Shorts and long-form content on YouTube over time.  And more specifically, consumers are increasingly consuming short-form video, and we're seeing this across multiple platforms, including YouTube. And as I said earlier, Shorts are being watched by 1.5 billion-plus logged-in users every month. 
Philipp Schindler: Yes, that's exactly right. And as I said earlier, in Search and other ads revenues, while lapping the outsized performance was the largest factor in Q3, we did see some advertiser pull back in certain areas in search ads. And I think the example I called out was in financial services, in the areas of insurance, loan, mortgage, crypto subcategories. And we also noted a pullback in spend by some advertisers on YouTube and Network. And these pullbacks in spend increased in the third quarter. And we also noted lower revenues from AppPromo spend on YouTube and Network. 
Philipp Schindler: Yes. So there's really no additional color. Thank you very much for your question, but there's really no additional color on other verticals apart from the ones I mentioned already that I think we should share here at this moment. On the Performance Max side, we've touched on earlier and in prior quarters and just as a little reminder, it's our fully automated Google Ads campaign tied with the most channel and inventory coverage, that really helps advertisers deliver a better ROI.  And we've been listening to feedback from advertisers and have continued to roll out more features since its initial launch to increase transparency and help advertisers steer the automation more effectively. And there are more future updates to come. In July, we launched a number of new settings, including seasonality setting that lets marketers make quite typical adjustments for seasonal campaign bidding and an optimization score setting that gives an indicator for performance improvement and gives the recommendations for better results.  So all in all, we're excited about what's ahead for PMax, the further simplification of our products in general, and frankly, the value we can keep driving for business of all sizes, especially when they need it most. 
Ruth Porat: Thanks for the question. Yes, we are pleased with the ongoing momentum. It's across a wide range of industries and geographies. And it really comes back to the team's focus on helping them solve unique business issues and innovate in new areas as they digitally transform. I think more to your question, and we talked about this about last quarter, in some cases, certain customers are taking longer to decide, and some have committed to deals with shorter terms or smaller deal sizes, which we attribute to a more challenging macro environment. Some are impacted due to reasons that are specific to their business. But overall, as you can see from the results here again, we're pleased with the momentum in Cloud and do continue to be excited about the long-term opportunities. So that's why I made the comment that we do continue to invest meaningfully in this business. We're still focused very much so on the path to profitability and free cash flow strength here, but we are continuing to invest in the business. And this fits within Sundar's overall comments as we're looking at how we prioritize. And they're certainly making sure they're focused on every element within their business. But fundamentally, to the heart of your question, we're continuing to invest here. 
Ruth Porat: And then in terms of your question regarding margins, 2 parts really. On other cost revenues, the biggest driver of the year-on-year increase in other cost of revenues does continue to be data centers and other operations. The change really here this quarter in Q3, the second largest driver was hardware. And then CAC moved from its usual #2 spot down to #3.  And there were really 2 key factors for the change in the rank order between hardware and CAC. Probably pretty self-evident but just to spell them out, the year-on-year decline in YouTube Ads revenues obviously muted the growth in CAC. And then the growth of Pixel Phone sales due primarily to the launch of Pixel 6A drove that shift.  What we're looking at overall sort of to your broader question about profitability in Google Services is the overall pace of investments. And now we're looking at how with the change -- mix change and ongoing opportunities to drive revenue growth and how it flows through all the way to op inc growth. And so to Sundar's opening comments and as we've been talking about, some of the margin upside last year was due to timing issues with a very strong growth of revenues and there was a lag in investments. And what we're focused on here is how do we continue to manage on a go-forward basis to deliver durable long-term results. 
Ruth Porat: Well, I'll, as I'm sure you would expect, leave the modeling to you, but there are 2 elements of it. And I think Sundar and Philipp really talked about the first part, which is the ongoing opportunity we see with Search, with YouTube, with some of the actions that we're taking, the opportunity with AI applied to both, the opportunity as we continue to build-out monetization on YouTube Shorts in particular. So we're continuing to focus on both, the driver here, revenue, as well as the investments that we're making.  And I want to make sure, to Sundar's comments about sharpening our focus, that we are economizing, utilizing resources as effectively as possible. So it is both the efforts we're taking around expense management and building for durable performance as well as the efforts we're taking, which are in the investment line but drive top line performance.  I would say we also contextualize it and I tried to do that in response to Michael's questions. And we said this last year, we've noted that some of the margin upside last year was due to timing issues. And we had a very strong growth in revenues, surge in revenues and a lag in investments that we said was a timing difference, and you are seeing some of that here. But to the main point, we're looking at both what we can do to continue to support long-term revenue growth, but while doing so, being mindful of the pace of investment. I'll leave the modeling to you. 
Ruth Porat: Why don't I start and then I'll pass it to Philipp for a bit more color potentially? Because I want to make sure that one of the comments that we made in the opening comments was very clear, which was the year-on-year story in Ads was really lapping the very strong third quarter. And so to get to your question, you're really talking about sequential decline in our year-on-year growth.  I think what's notable in Search, we had really healthy growth in Q3, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. The sequential deceleration in Search in the third quarter versus the second quarter was again primarily driven by lapping, and just I want to make sure that, that was clear. There was some pullback from advertiser spend in some areas so I've noted that in opening comments.  And then in YouTube and Network, the sequential deceleration of year-on-year growth in both the second quarter -- the third quarter versus the second quarter was really further pullbacks in advertiser spend. 
Ruth Porat: We're holding to see if there are technical difficulties. Thank you, all. And if the operator could keep us posted here, maybe even trying to -- yes. 
Ruth Porat: And then in terms of your second question, I think the core to Sundar's comment is with the rapid pace of growth that we've experienced, we see opportunities to focus more. And that drives opportunities to redeploy amazing talent we have into the highest priority efforts that we have and to be as effective and efficient as possible.  There are, obviously, to your question, non-payroll-associated expenses that also then attach. And so an operating environment like this adds urgency to prioritization. We want to make sure we're using all resources as effectively and efficiently as possible. At the same time, as we've tried to be very clear, there are very exciting areas that we will continue to invest in.  And so part of this is resource optimization, constraint optimization, however you want to describe it. We want to free up where we can to ensure we have capacity to invest as needed in opportunities that deliver these durable long-term results that we've talked about. And so we're trying to be smart about redeploying where we can, finding efficiencies where we can while still investing for long-term growth. 
Ruth Porat: The majority of CapEx does continue to be for our technical infrastructure. And as we've talked about on prior calls, servers really has been the largest driver of the investment dollars. The technical infrastructure team has consistently focused on levers to improve utilization and efficiency and they continue to do so.  We are investing, to Sundar's comments, in building out the compute in support of all that we're doing with our AI teams and are excited about that. And obviously, you had seen some more activity earlier in the year regarding real estate. We feel good about where we are. We're continuing to fit out our offices, et cetera, for utilization in this new return to hybrid work environment, but we're trying to make sure that we're doing that at an appropriate measured pace, and that's really it. Thank you very much. 
