Omid Kordestani: Sure. Thank you, Carlos, for the question. We are actually very excited about improvements of these mobile websites. And we really are happy to see where we can deliver the best answers to our users whether it be through an app or whether we find it on the web. We're working with developers, webmasters, publishers really serve their content to users in the format they feel best and we also recently introduced this install app, Install Carousel, which is evidence of that effort. So it's really about delivering the right results for the users and the less friction you have there and the more targeted you are, we'll see the benefits and monetization. On the other side, Carlos, on the CapEx side. We are far from surprised from these numbers internally. Part of our plan, we are shifting as you know, we've been building a lot of data centers over the last 18 months. And so that is actually giving us the opportunity to put in new equipment in. And we are jumping on the opportunity. Thinking through the total cost of ownership of these things and the much more higher efficiency of these new machines. Having said that, I won't kind of comment about future, but I just want to reemphasize that we are not surprised by these numbers. To us, actually, they make sense given our strategy. And they really fuel all the innovations that we have going for us. So it's an important part of our strategy. It's a strategic asset.
Omid Kordestani: Thanks, Douglas. So with mobile phones really becoming such a primary way people search the net. Our goal is really to help people search, find the content that's not just relevant and timely but also really easy to read and interact with on these smaller devices and smaller screens. And it's important to note that this is just one of over 200 signals we use to evaluate the best results. Non-mobile friendly sites won't disappear from the mobile searches. They'll still rank high if they hold great content that the user wants. But the lack of mobile friendliness is a problem for web publishers, because that is abandon the websites and that's a real issue. So really early to speculate exactly how the monetization impact of these organic algorithm changes will be. But we always start with the user to deliver the right answer, the best answer, be it on the mobile web or the app. And that we think that ultimately that's good for publishers, advertisers and our users and the monetization success will follow.
Omid Kordestani: So we don't – look, I, what I wanted to do today's clarify the issue between YouTube and our kind of.com properties rather than to go into all of the details. You've seen in my notes of my comments that the impact of TrueView and site CPCs, site CPCs would be growing, a right, if you kind of take out the TrueView ad impact. And I've also noted that mobile search is continuing on the path of strength. So from that perspective, what I wanted to make sure of is that you get the color that if you just exclude the great growth of YouTube, but it has very different kind of fundamental dynamics, that the core of what is typically search performance both on Mobile and Desktop, the combined, is doing really good, and the CPCs would be growing if you take the effect out. So that's really what I want to make sure of, so people don't continue to hound on this issue. Is more about mobile that has terrible monetization. In fact, there's a good story there, too. Thank you for your question.
Omid Kordestani: Sure. On ApplePay, again, I think it's just really great that the industry is really opening up here and that the merchants, the banks, consumers, are all starting to experience this. And our focus is really to bring this set of new APIs for payments, and call it Android Pay, and that our goal has always been to remove much of the friction that our users encounter today on everyday shopping experiences. And so we're excited about what the industry is doing here and what the user adoption is going to be kind we're working with all the partners to put all the pieces together and finally create the momentum that we are all looking forward to benefit from.
Omid Kordestani: Hi, Heather. First of all, I invite you to come to Grant Cast next week, I'll be there in New York, and you'll get a sense of the momentum in YouTube. But really the way we look at it is as usual, we first look at the users. One third of all people on the Internet are everyday watching, hundreds of millions of hours on YouTube. This is generating billions of views. And then when we look at our advertisers, they want to be there. So we're seeing a strong growth in TrueView with new advertisers. The number grew 45% in 2014. And all of the top 100 global brands have run TrueView ads over the past year. And as they are experiencing success, for example, with Google preferred, I think I shared this stat earlier, but 95% of the preferred campaigns that we studied drove a significant lift, an average of 80%. And then more than 30 brands that were new to advertising on YouTube use Google preferred, and then came back and continued to advertise with us afterwards. So just having great success.
Omid Kordestani: Yes, sure. This is Omid. Thank you for the question. On Maps, we absolutely agree with you – very strategic, very popular, and that there are more than 1 billion active users of the Google Map services. We've mapped the world, as you know, 200 countries and territories, including North Korea. 1 billion times the app has been downloaded on android and lots and lots of stats to go through. I think one of the things we're doing is not only to improve that experience and integrate it as much as it make sense throughout the services, and whenever users can take advantage of the signals and the proper response from Google. But the other side of this is also partnering. One of the things we're really actively doing is partnering on our Map service in native formats with as many partners out there that can take advantage of it. So it's a scenario we're really investing in, we are very excited about it and we have great traction, and we're also happy to offer it to our partners, and you will see us both in terms of Maps and Waves, you'll see it getting integrated in other popular web services out there.
Omid Kordestani: People confuse us and Nikesh is at Soft right now. So, let's see, on these rumors about custom audiences. You know we are very much focused on completing the cycle of better targeting and measurement attribution, at all points of the funnel with our different products. We are not announcing any new products at this point, but we have a great number of targeting options interest intent location across all the services from performance to brand. And I think you will see us innovate here, and continue to innovate here. So thank you.
Omid Kordestani: So thank you, Mark, for your question. Before I close, let me just kind of 10 seconds. First, Ruth will join us in about a month. We're really excited to have her. I will be here to help her in transition, but you will hear a much better voice in Q2 on the earnings call. So we're really looking forward to having her as part of the team. It, obviously, has been a delight to work at Google for the last seven years. I have kind of obviously three thanks, three huge thanks for that. First one is to the Google community, as Omid mentioned. All of these Googlers kind of are simply extraordinary individuals and people. These men and women, I mean, they just continue to develop the stream of innovation that is really changing the world and making it a better place. So it's been a real joy to work with every one of them. My colleagues, I mean around this table. The IR team, as well as the executive group that I've kind of spent many, many hours over the years, and they're mostly friends now so thank you for your friendship and all of your warmth over the last few years. And finally, you. I mean, the financial community, our shareholders. I mean, you've been kind of supportive, you've been probing, you've had the insights, you've been really with us, I mean, for the last seven years through kind of thick and thin as we've seen a lot of stuff come and go, and really a strong supporter for this a bit crazy, unconventional company. So I just need to thank you as well for all the great times together. With that, yes, I am going to grab my backpack and take off for the world. So you may see me somewhere in the world, and if you do, just please do stop and say hi. It'll be a delight to see you. So with that, I'll let Candace close the call. Thank you so much, and we'll see you or Ruth will see you in Q2. Cheers.
Patrick Pichette: Yes, Mark. Thank you for your question. And in fact, that's why I made the comments I made today. I'm just talking about the situations as we have it now. I'm not looking back to prior years, I'm just saying what we have seen in this quarter and the last quarter. We're just seeing a real acceleration at YouTube, and that's why we thought it was important because we saw this change. From the fundamental kind of strong performance of YouTube, both in terms of its coverage and in terms of the performance, like even the TrueView ads, right? We tuned these ads to make sure that people want to watch them so that they are very effective, and when they do, then people watch a lot more of them. And so over the last quarter, over the last couple of quarters, we've seen the real takeoff and then the geographic expansion is kind of giving us a lot more coverage. So it's a real positive story for YouTube, because we see it now, we're reporting now. So it's not a view back to the last five years at all. I just wanted to kind of clarify that. So thank you for your question.
Patrick Pichette: Great. And so, Douglas, on my side, if you look at it, I mean, we're really pleased with Q1. If you look at the operating profit of the company, right? Despite from Q4 to Q1 revenue trends that are always seasonal, we delivered essentially the same $5.7 billion of non-GAAP operating profits for the quarter. So we're really focused on our sequential performance rather than what happened a year ago, and there was no real specific one-time items in this quarter. This was a pretty clean quarter. We're very happy with it. Thank you, Douglas for your question.
Patrick Pichette: It's all – the easy answer is really for Omid, so let him take that one and then I will talk about the cash issues.
Patrick Pichette: And on my side, Ben, I have no news on the cash issue. I will just reiterate what I've said many times, because I think that not only is it true, but it's important, that we do bring this issue to the attention of the audit community, the board; there are regular debates about this issue. And it's a balance between cash being the strategic asset and then the question that we ask ourselves also in our conversations and deliberations is do we have a pipeline of opportunities that would make us believe that we would actually widely invest this kind of money, and in that sense it's very clear that the debates we're having will continue, but we have no further updates for you on that issue.
Patrick Pichette: So I'll take the technical side of it, and then I will let kind of Omid give you more on the color of what's exciting at YouTube. Related to the question, and the answer I gave you, the comments I gave you today, it's really about if you think about it, about coverage rather than the new product, because we've done a lot of geographic expansion of YouTube, and that in itself gives you a lot more volume out there in terms of eyeballs. And then in addition to that, we've through the great work of the team and the AdWords team and the YouTube team, the monetization team, making sure that a TrueView is a more efficient product where people, basically they actually do watch the entire ad, and so they don't skip the four to five seconds. And all you need is given the scale of YouTube today, right, all you need is to have a product that people want more and it actually delivers a lot more value. So in terms of advertising total revenue. The fact that it's at the top of the funnel clearly has very different dynamics than when you have a very specific performance based ad that is tied to very specific high-margin query. But that doesn't mean that it's not incredibly useful for advertisers, because that's where they start is at the top of the funnel. So these are all the pieces of the puzzle that we have going for us. And for what's really exciting about YouTube, I will let Omid kind of give you more color comment on this.
Patrick Pichette: So, Heather, it's a good story all-around. We are pretty pleased by it, obviously. Thank you for your question. Candace, we'll go to our next question, please.
Patrick Pichette: Sure. Let me just give you some thoughts, and thank you for this. We are very excited about this pivotal mobile and it's really obviously a shift that started gradually and it's been very dramatic for us. So if you talked to every product manager at Google, and leader at Google, they have it at the forefront of their thoughts and how to delight the users, how to improve the experience, same thing on our advertising front. I think so one is obviously the efforts we're doing for the discovery, the search for information, be it in the apps or be it on mobile web. The other aspect of this that is really going to help us obviously with the monetization front, is the improvements in measurements. Measuring cross devices, measuring in-store sales. And as you know, the end of shopping experience becomes more powerful because users can find this information, they can find it with local products. It doesn't become just about driving leaps to online retailers, it's about driving traffic to off-line stores via mobile. And we're seeing great adoption from retailers, from Macy's, REI Sears. So what should really – the way we're going to talk about this kind and you're going to hear us talk more about this is this intent and immediacy that we're so good at, given our heritage in search. And we are just applying all of that knowledge and all of that experience we have in ads and search to improving this mobile experience and how we monetize. Thank you.
Patrick Pichette: Great. On my side, look, there's quite a different rationale if you think of Fiber versus Access, which is really kind of asset-based. We've just, as a reminder to some of our – you may have heard – we just announced Fiber yesterday, so it's still very early days. It's focus on innovating and conductivity and communications but in "partnership" with carriers in the U.S., hardware makers. And we are trying to see again from users perspective and from a service perspective with or without assets what should look like the next wave of innovation. So we've always, if you're always looking to make the web faster, cheaper, more available, and we wanted to try this new vision, this new idea of fast and easy wireless service, and then work with the ecosystem of our carriers, so that's why we have T-Mobile and Sprint as well as large carriers and manufacturers and developers to develop this kind of new product, new and innovative service. So, different in the sense that Anthony and in the case of Fiber or in the case of Loon it's really asset-based. This one is really about services and how can we use today's platforms to actually just drive for more innovation? So that's really the difference, but we're pretty excited. It will be interesting to see the take rate and it will be interesting to see how the market response is to it. But again, very much as usual, kind of focused on innovation, focused on pushing the envelope. Thanks for your question.
Patrick Pichette: Okay. So, Ross, on my side, two points. One is on the issue of margin, you know we don't give guidance. So I can pronounce myself for the rest of 2015. But I think that in Q1, you see a good example of what we talked about when we had those comments in Q4, which is we drive for that right balance. That right balance of you want to fuel as much as possible responsibly, the growth of we have the areas where we want to invest, and in other areas, right, we may decide we're actually torque for efficiencies all the time. And you see that in our Q1 results. In fact, I didn't mention it, but just a note on the head count. The vast majority of head count for Q1 is in fact engineers and project managers. It's not G&A. It's not sales. It's really focused on engineering, because that's what we wanted to put the emphasis. So I'm using this is an example of even though the numbers are large in a number of areas, there is actually a lot of science applied to every one of these numbers to make sure that we continue to drive for high efficiencies as much as we can. You may have heard that in Q1, we canceled another program that we had, which was the Helpouts. So this program did not prove the promises that we had for it, and so we actually repurposed the team and shut down the entire initiative. So again, I'm just giving a signal that this is disciplined organization that looks at the facts that actually when it's not working, people can sense it, and then we have a good conversation about it, and then on the other side when we really see something kind of really going well, we want to make sure that we push hard for it. In the case of the second piece that you've asked, which was the growth in Other Revenue, I think Play is doing very well. We are very happy about that. And yes, we're having good results on the Nexus Six, but year-over-year, it wasn't as strong as it would have given the strength of the Nexus Seven last year, so that's really been the big driver. And as for Nikesh, Nikesh I heard, is on his way to India right now. He was on a plane, but I have Omid here who would be delighted to answer your question.
Patrick Pichette: Thank you, Ross . And I didn't mean to pick on you. We all tripped over on occasion all the time. Easiest...
Patrick Pichette: Well, look, we look at this on a regular basis. I mean, we just happen to see on the YouTube side so much change in the last kind of couple of quarters that we thought it was worth mentioning. I think it's served as well, and if we ever decide to look at different ways to look at the business and want to report it that way, we will let you know. For now, we have really no difference in changes in the way that we reported. So that's the short answer, Peter.
Patrick Pichette: Sure. Thank you, Mark, for the question. So let me just take the vertical one first in terms of performance. We definitely saw automotive and travel were stronger verticals this quarter. India was a strong performer as far as the geo goes for us. And those are really some of the areas that I could highlight. And I think in terms of this behavior change, we are really, really focused on studying it every day. I mean, the shift is very, very dramatic and that we are laser focused on being as good and relevant and fast and monetize well. All the things that we did on the desktop and continue to do on a desktop to do that on mobile. So I think all I can say on that is that your right, behaviors are different. There's an immediacy having this device always with you, using it as your assistant, using your voice to make commands and getting results, using the maps and being in a moment of purchase decision. And as we rely on this information source to help you, so all of those things are really, really powerful, and we are very excited about it. It's a journey that we're all on and looking forward to doing a better job and to monetizing well.
