Nikesh Arora: Look, we're seeing mobile usage grow with leap -- by leaps and bounds. It's happening by a proliferation of Android devices around the world. It's happening by a proliferation of tablets around the world. It's happening generally by people getting more and more active on their mobile devices as they discover the utility and the various apps that allow them to be able to go find things, whether they're local searches, they're product searches or they're searches for generic things on Google. So yes, we are seeing tremendous mobile usage, and we saw -- seem to be an uptick during the holiday season where people were looking for products and searching for e-commerce-related activities during the holiday season.
Nikesh Arora: Yes, I think on mobile distribution, it's pretty similar to what happens on Search today. Many consumers get their mobile applications from Google directly on their devices. Some people get them through our distribution partners, and some people get them through our carriers. And to be honest, the distribution costs really depend on the mix of those devices. And you can see, traditionally the mix is less and less specific to other distribution partners in the middle, and more and more people are organically getting access to device and applications that they choose given the large plethora of opportunities and options that they have.
Nikesh Arora: Yes, I guess in terms of verticals, generally auto has been strong around the world. We've seen that. And then in different markets, different verticals have been special in terms of the -- the U.S., we had – education, we had health. So there have been different vertical performances around the world. And Germany has been a market which has been doing really well for us in the last few quarters. So part of it is we're running up against some very, very tough comps versus last year. But it was general sort of weakness across the board. It wasn't specific to any particular vertical that has changed.
Susan D. Wojcicki: So there are definitely multiple factors whenever we look at these metrics because these metrics are aggregate. But I would say the 2 biggest factors this quarter were FX as well as the changes that we had made, their ad quality or format changes, which increased the paid clicks and again were revenue positive, advertiser positive, user positive. But those clicks, as I explained, may be lower CPC like in the example that I gave in my script with sitelinks. So those were the 2 factors. But again, it's always important to remember there are many factors that contributed to these aggregate numbers.
Susan D. Wojcicki: I mean, the one thing I would just add is, the way we think about the business is we're focused on how do we provide better ads for our users and for our advertisers, and we look at all of those metrics combined. And what we saw in Q3 was we made a bunch of changes. They were small. There was no one individually that actually affected things, but it just so happened that the changes we made drew more attention and caused an increase in paid clicks. And so, as I mentioned, there are many factors. But really, what we use as a guiding metric are to understand that something is revenue, advertiser and user positive.
Susan D. Wojcicki: So the 2 biggest factors, as I mentioned, were the FX and also the changes that we made to -- in terms of ad quality or format changes that we made. And those were changes that we made in Q3. There was no, I think, one significant one that drove the metrics. Or like this quarter, we made 20 different changes. Last quarter, we made something similar. And it was the combination of those different changes. Now it's important to remember that we rolled those out over the course of Q3. And so that meant that if we rolled one out at the end of Q3, that you wound up seeing that impact in Q4 period. And so there was a cumulative effect. But again, there was not any one big one. It was the sum of a bunch of other changes. And those changes that we wind up making are changes that may make the ads more readable, they may be more visible, they're UI treatments or quality changes. They're a bunch of different things that make it more visible so that users are noticing the ads. And we see those as positive. We measure the metrics, how do our users respond, how do our advertisers respond. And they are revenue positive.
Susan D. Wojcicki: Yes. I mean, one additional thing I'd like to say about the increase in paid clicks is the increase in paid clicks, in a lot of ways, is a proxy for where the ad is useful. Do the users find interesting enough to click on them? Do we have enough advertisers who served ads? So an increase in paid clicks shows that our advertising system is working, that we have more advertisers, we have more clicks. And as Larry alluded to, there are many, many different variables that go into it, but an increase in paid clicks is something that we see as a sign that our advertising system is in demand and it's healthy.
Susan D. Wojcicki: So right now, we have 30 markets to date, and that's just what we have to date. So as there are more markets and as it makes more sense for us over time, then we will roll out more markets. But I do think that there is -- it's very important to understand what's working in a specific market and in a city and perfecting that and really understanding the dynamics that make sense for us for the success of that city. And so as we expand, we'll expand with that knowledge. And we'll expand as we -- as it makes sense for us in terms of the users, the solution and building all of those learnings that we've made in those initial 30 markets.
Susan D. Wojcicki: Youssef, this is Susan. So I can talk a little bit about Google Wallet. And so as Larry has mentioned a number of times, we want to focus on products that people use every day. So products that are core. And all of us use our wallet every day. And we think that's a big opportunity for us. So we are continuing to invest in our Wallet business. And we see a lot of opportunity. And for example, there might be opportunities in the future in terms of how online and off-line are linked together, and better opportunities with the way different parts of our business wind up working. So we are very excited about Wallet, and we will continue to invest in it.
Patrick Pichette: Yes, it is exactly the same definition. So you take out all the text ads, and then you look at both mobile and desktop. So you go back to the same definition.
Patrick Pichette: So I'll take both questions, if you don't mind. So first, we will not -- we don't provide the TAC rate on the blended. And you're right that, I mean, if you think of the big properties that are in there, right, so you will have the GDN, we'll have YouTube, right, we’ll have all of the additional elements of our Display business, which includes the Teracents and then all of the other optimizers but also the AdMob on mobile. So that's the kind of key elements of it. But we do not -- we don't kind of comment on the details of the blended TAC on them. On the economy, look, we had actually quite a solid Q4 performance, and we're really pleased of our revenue growth. I mean, even despite the FX issues -- so you have to separate the FX issues from the economics fundamentals of our business. And performance in Europe was actually quite healthy despite the environment that we got there. And that's driven by the secular shifts of off-line to online continues, and the secular shifts of more mobile continues. So from that perspective, right, obviously, we don't control the economy, we don't control exchange rates, but we're actually quite pleased with the performance that we've had internationally in addition to the U.K. and the U.S.
Patrick Pichette: So let's do a 1-2 punch quickly. YouTube is doing absolutely terrific. And on the advertising side, Nikesh will probably be the better answer to give the details. Or Larry, whichever of the 2.
Patrick Pichette: On the second part of the question, let me jump in. If you look at our growth -- first of all, you're right that FX played a part. You also have to remember that last year at this time, right, we had such a strong comp. We had such an amazing Q4 of 2010. That the year-over-year comparison in a way represents also this really high kind of level on which to start from. And so from that perspective -- and if you also look at our mix between our own Google websites versus all of our network, I mean, our core properties continue to be actually very strong. So for all these reasons, I wouldn't be worried of the way that you've described it. In fact, we've got -- continue to have very strong growth.
Patrick Pichette: Yes, I mean, at the highest level and then maybe Susan can jump in if she wants to add additional, if you think of the core elements of it, she mentioned quality. And we -- the -- all of the Panda changes and everything we talked about, right, its full year is going to be represented only by the next spring. And then FX rate, we don't control ourselves. So obviously, it has a significant impact. The rest of it is actually the mix between how the innovation that we drive to our products, which is if you have a great product that drives a ton of clicks and it happens to have lower cost or CPC, then that's still for the benefit of everybody. So then, that's really about our innovation agenda, but we don't give forward guidance on that.
Patrick Pichette: Yes, yes and then the quality, I think will going to -- flow through the year, sometime in the spring.
Patrick Pichette: Look, I think that you have to remember -- in the highest level, you have to remember that sites and network lines in our financials are not good proxies for Search and Display revenue, right? I mean, in its most simple term, YouTube, which is Display, right, ends up in our Google sites. And yet, AFS which is Search, is included in the network. So when people actually do the math, right, it's really easy to get confused between these lines. So I would kind of caution you to have one which is growing at 15% obviously being -- jumping to the conclusion that that's Display. That doesn't work.
Patrick Pichette: All I'm saying is we don't give the breakdown, but you could -- I just want to make sure that you --  caution you that because of these mix issues, right, it can lead to interpretations that are wrong.
Patrick Pichette: Yes, on the latter -- let me just jump in on the latter and then I'll let Susan give a bit more color, commentary. But it's just mix issue between partners. So as you have partner mix, it will just affect. But it's not a dramatic number, by the way, right? It's still kind of hovering around 24. So it hasn't plummeted in any way shape or form.
Patrick Pichette: Yes is the short answer. But partners mix affects it as well. Like, it's not only mobile, I guess, is my point. I'll let Susan give you more details on the colors of the -- if any, on the changes that we've done that would have impacted the CPC.
Patrick Pichette: Yes. Another way to think about this is in many quarters, we would have a bunch of them that would actually move down the CPC, a bunch of them that would have moved up in [ph] click. It just happens that in the latter part of this year, they kind of all moved one way, which is not neither good nor bad. It just happens that the quality team and the advertising teams actually have kind of unearthed these type of opportunities. So it's a bit of circumstantial as well.
Patrick Pichette: So on the first question, actually thanks for your question, Justin, because I'm sure a lot of people are thinking about that. Our hedges -- so the cost that we accelerated is actually relative to the entire portfolio of hedges that we have that spans over 18 months forward. So what -- think of it as a complete program that extends 18 months out and -- of which think of it like a bond ladder, right, with a lot in the short term and -- less in the long term. All of those hedges, right, you have to mark to market. And when you have to mark to market, they're so much in the money. Then you have to actually accelerate your expensing of them. So you're absolutely right that today as we stand or as we close our books on the 31st, right, they signaled about the weakness of the euro because the euro had lost quite a bit in the quarter and relative to our portfolio. So we would -- if things stayed exactly the same, right, we wouldn't reap a lot of benefits in the coming quarters and wouldn't have those expenses because we took them all in one shot. So I hope that makes sense. And it's really tied to FASB 133 that doesn't allow you to just do it pretty [ph] early.
Patrick Pichette: I think that -- let we make 2 statements on this. The first one is that we shy from talking about -- anything about specific which is third-party data, because typically we find there are so much errors and methodology issues with them. I think that we're seeing -- what we have clearly seen this year once again, right, is more holiday shopping happened online this year again, right. Nikesh talked about, right, record Cyber Sundays and Fridays that are black. And, I mean, all of these things have hit record year -- this year again, and we're seeing again a transition of off-line to online. I think that Susan's last point is really the critical point, which is as we're moving and exploring formats that really work well for both the advertiser and the user, you should see a symptom which is more clicking. And that's exactly what we see. And if there's a slight pressure on the CPC as a consequence of it, but overall we get a better result, right, that's actually a pretty healthy environment and an innovative one. And then -- and just again, as we mentioned and as Susan said, it happened that in Q3, we had just a number of them that just went one way. And I wouldn't read any data points in that as saying that that's the future or that it will not revert back to others. It's -- that's just the nature of experimentation in our systems.
Patrick Pichette: So a 1-2 punch on this one, Herman. On the first one, we mentioned it because we thought it was material. It was such a big impact last year. We don't comment on the specifics, but it was sufficiently material that that's -- you're absolutely right that it created a headwind for us this year. No doubt about it. And that's why we mentioned it. On the second question, you'll remember that in Q3, we kind of had a double hitter where Larry had already said that we had reached what was kind of tolerable in terms of the pace of hiring.
Patrick Pichette: The edge of what is manageable. And thank you, Larry, for that clarification. And we also had at the end of Q3 all of the -- we had the summer -- everybody comes -- leaves -- comes from school, comes into Q3. So we had quite a bit of a bump in Q3. We're really pleased by -- and you can see in our results now that actually, it's a good evidence of we're managing -- we have managed down our numbers into Q4, and a good evidence of we are managing it to make it digestible for us.
Patrick Pichette: So even more specifically, we -- you can expect segmented reporting for Motorola. So the Google will continue to be very clear in terms of its performance and transparency to investors. Motorola will also, on its own, be very clear and transparent to investors. And just before we close the call, just a reminder to everybody, as the headcount question that was asked a minute ago reminded me. As we launch into Q1, it's important to remember that there's a lot of expenses. As people kind of think of resetting their models, it's really -- I just want to remind everybody because every year we go through this, that the employer taxes and 401(k)s and all of the things that launch into Q1 typically get reset. And so I just want to give a friendly reminder to all our -- the people that have financial models out there to make sure that -- to take that into consideration because it surprises everybody every year. So rather than get another surprise at the end of Q1, I just thought I'd remind everyone. On that note, I think it's really -- I'd love to, once again on behalf of the 4 of us here, thank profusely our Googlers. I mean, they do an amazing job and, as we said, landing a great quarter, crowning a terrific year and really well set for an absolute exciting year for 2012 and look forward it. So on that, Jamie, I'll let you close the call.
Larry Page: Yes, I’d say on  the advertising side, I think we're tremendously excited about our growth on YouTube. And the amount of success we're having in advertising there is very significant. But it's not significant compared to the overall kind of video advertising space. It's a tiny percentage of that. We have a huge amount to grow. But I don't think the advertisers are thinking about it as being a significant percentage of their other spend on video. So we don't really see that.
Larry Page: Yes, I mean, Ben, maybe I'll take the first on there on Android. I think we are in a very -- as I mentioned in my remarks, we're in the early stages of monetization for a number of our new products, and Android is one of those. I think we do make money from Search on apps. We do make -- we mentioned that we have a very strong advertising business on mobile, which we obviously -- a lot of those people are on Android as well. And I think that you also see we announced 11 billion downloads on Android markets. Obviously, a lot of those are free, but we also are having a lot of people buy stuff there, too. We've seen a lot of potential for us to make money on Android, and I think you'll see us increase that a lot over time. It's hard to give you details about that right now, but I'm very, very optimistic.
Larry Page: I can take, say, a little bit about CPC from my perspective. I think -- and I don't have the detail here, quarter or whatever, but I do think that CPCs -- do vary a fair amount, and we're not surprised by that. There are lots of product changes that we can make that can increase CPCs or decrease CPCs and kind of have a -- or an inverse effect on the number of clicks and sort of not change the actual dollars spent, for example. And that's not that surprising because we can do things that -- in product changes that affect people’s attention to ads that Susan mentioned or that affect the quality of the conversions that advertises receive. They might receive better quality clicks, or they're -- or those -- each CPC that they got that's more likely to convert into  what they care about. And so we are constantly optimizing all those things across a number of different product areas and ad placements and everything else. And our advertisers are doing the same, and the algorithms are also doing all that. So I think in any healthy economic -- economy, like we have of advertising, we're going to see variation in the different factors we use to measure it. And I'm not surprised by that.
Larry Page: As I said, I'm very happy with our results overall in the quarter. And I think those are a function of all the metrics that we gave you. So yes, I'm happy with our results.
Larry Page: Yes. I think we see -- as I mentioned in my opening remarks that we see really engaging with users on -- really deeply understanding who they are by getting them the right things that make sense for them and so on. It's really, really important. And I think we are at the early stages of that, and Google+ is a big part of that effort. If you look at some of the things we've done, I think that if you look at in Search, you can do a search now and get somebody's name and have that name really appear as a chip in the search. And that means that it's no longer a string that you're searching for, it's actually a real person. That notion of identity is really a deep, deep part of what we're doing. And it's an example of how we can make all of our products better by really understanding people. So we definitely think about that. There's a reason why we called it Google+ in that way. I think -- and so I think you're -- you've got the right idea in general about that. I think that -- I think with other big companies, other big companies that work on social data and so on, I think we've seen very much general tendency to wall that data up and to wall the card in and not make the data available. Where we have publicly been able to access the data -- for example, in Search, we've provided a lot of third-party social data in Search, and we love doing that and we'd love to have more such data. But in general, I would say companies generally have been walling that data up, and we'd love to be able to use more of it.
Larry Page: Oh my goodness, I won't try to predict that. But we're very excited about the growth we had, and we're certainly seeing tremendous number of people being added every day.
Larry Page: I should mention, too, you can actually go to Google Insights for Search, and you can look at our Search free graph over time for any of these verticals yourself. It's some great data.
Larry Page: And I should mention on Motorola obviously we're going to break that out separately, so you’ll be able to track the changes to margins and so on. I think that -- and able to track the business separately. So that should not be an issue. We've been very clear that Motorola's obviously going to remain a licensee of Android, and Android will remain open. And when we announced the deal, we really said our strategy is working with different manufacturers on lead devices is going to continue. And Motorola will bid with -- just like any other OEM for those devices. So that process will be unchanged. And obviously, I think we have done a great job managing our partner ecosystem. That's a difficult thing to do, and I think we do it quite well. And I expect we're going to continue to do that well with Motorola. And obviously, it shows our commitment to Android in making sure that we have the freedom to innovate and as do all of our OEMs.
