Larry Page: Well, first, I want to really congratulate Eric. He's done an outstanding job leading Google for the last decade. I don't think when Sergey and I started the company, we would have imagined, we could have possibly have imagined we would have a better leader for the company. And we all are in great debt to Eric. And I think the results really speak for themselves. There is no debate about that at all. And there's really know one else in the universe that could have accomplished what Eric has done. And Eric is really a tremendous leader, and I've learned a ton from him over the years. And I think his advice and efforts going forward as Executive Chairman would be invaluable to me and to the company as I start this new role. Google and I want to say is just incredible opportunity. And when we started Google, people actually thought we were coming in too late, that there were already a lot of other search engines. And the Internet and really people's computing life is really still at the very early stages. And I could not be more excited about moving us forward, and we're really only at the beginning. I just can't wait to get it started
Larry Page: I think our primary reason for purchasing the building there was not the Internet infrastructure there but rather the office space that we really enjoy using. The Internet tenants are great, well-paying tenants. We appreciate having them there, but that's not the primary reason why we purchased the building.
Larry Page: I mean I have the last part of what Sergey said really resonates with me. I think that there's -- if you think about the next five years of what your life will be like, online and socially, and what kind of things the tools would be able to do, we're only at the very, very early stages of that. And I'm incredibly excited about the possibilities to come.
Patrick Pichette: All right, I'll take the second question. If there is a good proof that we just don't kind of like streamline our lines in terms of expenses, but we go opportunistically and in a smart move, I think sales and marketing is a great example of that. And if you think of the last 12 months, what we've clearly shown is how much in high gear is the digital economy. And when that opportunity shows up, right, we just needed to jump on it and decide to fuel it. And on the marketing side, and even on sales, I mean Nikesh -- I'll actually ask Nikesh to give you a bit of color on the sales side. But on the marketing side, when you have big platforms like Chrome and Chrome OS, that can and will be incredibly successful if promoted. Why wouldn't you do it now? I hear from the financial community, the other side, which is what are you doing with your money? Well, we have great opportunities, why wouldn't we jump on it with this kind of market? And on the sales side, Nikesh, you could probably give a color commentary as well.
Patrick Pichette: I'll take the first, and then I'll let Nikesh about the initiatives we're doing on the Local side. Look, we have 2,000 employees on site today in New York. And our business and our engineering center, it's a big engineering center, by the way, it's not only a big kind of sales center but it's a big engineering center. So if you think of the eastern hub being in that place, with 2,000 and growing at the pace at which we're growing, it's actually very difficult to find in New York, a place that would accommodate that number of employees in an environment that fits Google's standards and Google's needs. We do not -- I mean, we actually believe that living in a tower where there's a very small footprint on the floor to floor is terrible for the Google culture. So there's very few buildings in New York that actually can accommodate our needs, right? Replacing that building for us or moving out of there would actually be probably very difficult to find another place and then be prohibitively expensive. And then finally, it gives us a lot of control over growing into that space. So all this to say on top of what we believe will be is a very good investment. So for all these reasons, coming back to the previous, it's not about carrier hotel owning. Everything is about the Google-iness. So for all of these reasons, I think it did make sense. And we called it a one-time item because it just fitted so well our strategy. For the Local salesforce, I'll turn it to Nikesh to give you a bit more details on our strategy there.
Patrick Pichette: So on the second one, I'll let Nikesh give you a sense. On first one, I don't have the breakdown and we don't provide the breakdown. But I can tell you that all of our core properties are growing very well, and not only our core properties but also our new growth businesses as well. When you look at the numbers for just the google.com growing year-over-year, 28%, right? How can you not be happy with that kind of performance? And so overall, we're very pleased with our growth rate of revenue. I'll let Nikesh talk about the second piece.
Patrick Pichette: The fundamental -- on the first one, let me answer the Display and then I'll let Nikesh talk about the performance worldwide. I think in Display, the most fundamental issue is if you're on your own network or if you're optimizing for other's network and participating in other's network. So if you think of YouTube, it's our own property. And therefore, you have a completely different set of economics. And so you just got to make sure you don't compare apples and oranges. So one, obviously, has a much higher margin than the other, and the question then is the mix. So if you think of us in Display where we have the whole suite of services from what used to be Teracent and all the other pieces, then you have the mix of properties. And that's how you have to think about it. In terms of geographic split and performance, it's a fantastic story, so why not let Nikesh give you the color commentary on it.
Patrick Pichette: To tell it differently, we have three resources in that because you have the Ad Exchange on top of that.
Patrick Pichette: In closing on that topic, I think it's worth noting if you do your financial math and you move rest of world into constant FX, so if you take out the fact that we had crosswinds over year-over-year, in fact, our growth rate for rest of world is over 30%, it's C:\Transcripts\Calls\118059477\VoiceWriter31%. So again, very good momentum there.
Patrick Pichette: So just to close on that, just to kind of say, it is, and I know that Jonathan has used that trumpet a number of times in the past, but just continues to illustrate how much more innovation there is left in both formats and in just all the things that we do in terms of innovation in the ad space.
Patrick Pichette: I'll let Nikesh answer the question. Just one point of clarification on your statement though and during the recession a couple of years ago, I think you mentioned that we thought that SMBs were kind of going down. And in fact, Nikesh will clarify, they were going the other way. So Nikesh, I'll leave it to you to answer the question.
Patrick Pichette: So let me give you just a few starts to kind of continue to keep the contacts, right? Mobile search grew 4x on Mobile devices for web browsers in the last year. So there is no doubt that this market is just absolutely cranking. And there's a lot of work, and I'll let Jonathan talk about it, about ad formats are still kind of nascent and building, both on the Display side and on the regular side, and we see a lot of upside. Jonathan, you probably want to kind of cover those.
Patrick Pichette: On compensation first, as I said, we raised all salaries. So if you think of kind of financial modeling for a second, all salaries had been raised 10% across-the-board, January 1. And that has a ripple effect on -- the kind of ripple effect of the employee taxes, 401(k)s and all the rest of the benefits. It will also impact, obviously, everybody that we bring on this year as well. So as we bring in new people, they are costing us now slightly more. In addition to that, what we've done is part of the bonus is kind of calculated without giving you the exact number. We had two components to our annual bonus. One, which is a company multiplier, and one which is an individual multiplier. And what we've done for the non-execs, because we want execs to actually continue to be treated differently, the non-execs are treated in that what used to be a company multiplier, which didn't really have a lot of influence on, we shifted over to base pay. And their individual multiplier component of the bonus continues to be a very kind of directly involved into their calculation of their personal bonus. So by shifting that company multiplier we didn't have a lot of influence on, right, it just moves into more predictable cash flows for them all through the year rather than waiting for the end of the year, and that was the rationale for doing it. In terms of revenue growth, I mean, last quarter, we gave kind of two syndication points on Display, on Mobile, right? We've talked about the fact that our core -- if you look at our Enterprise Business, 30 million users, 3 million businesses on apps, the kind of magnitude of numbers we're talking about in each of our growth areas, whether it be Mobile, whether it be Android, whether it be YouTube, where we continue to have YouTube, right. I mean to give you a snippet, YouTube's revenue more than doubled in 2010, right? So that's why we're optimistic across-the-board, and that's why we're very kind of open about the fact that when you have such a digital economy running in high gear, why don't you take the opportunity to invest at the time where it is actually transforming itself. And that's what we're doing, and we're delighted in fact to continue to push hard on that. And that's what you see also in sales and marketing. With that -- let me reiterate, so I probably hope I got your attention back because the front end of this conversation got totally sideswiped by the big three, you guys showing up and taking over our seats and phones, but phenomenal year end to what has been a terrific year. I have to thank all of our Googlers. They do an amazing job every day. It looks easy when I show up with Jonathan and Nikesh and talking about these fantastic results, but our Googlers do an amazing job all around the world, and so does our partners. And so to them, thank you so much for your fantastic efforts in 2010, and we'll just set up for a fantastic 2011 again. With that, I'll let Jay close the call.
Nikesh Arora: Thank you, Patrick. I think what is important for you to understand, we decided to put our sort of foot to the pedal later in this year. And there was an area of our customer that advertises we decided to continue to put more focus on which is the small to medium-sized advertisers because where that's where a lot of our growth engine is going to come form in the future. And effectively, a lot of the sales costs there are advertiser acquisition's costs because once you bring them into our system, they stay there for a while. And they continue to work and continue to generate more revenues. And some of the revenue performance you're seeing has been across the small channels or the mid-tier channels, and that investment is sort of already beginning to bear fruit.
Nikesh Arora: I think there's more to understand that Local, the way you define that actually ends up in three different interpretations. One is we've always had local features to our adverse products. You can always localized to your advertising towards users who are in a certain area, certain territory. So you always have the ability to localize. The other thing we've done in Local is the way I think local is sometimes synonymous with smaller advertisers and smaller territories. And towards that end, we have created the most simplistic set of products around Tags and Boost, which is more amenable to the advertisers. They don't have to do a lot of work. Sometimes they don't even have their own websites. And that allows them to still participate in the online economy. And third, we, for the longest of times, had partnerships with other companies who've been selling advertising on our behalf to smaller advertisers, be it in small local areas, or we've been using other partners who will use their salesforce to call on smaller advertisers for us. So we are going to use a combination of all of these three efforts to continue to pursue our Local strategy going forward.
Nikesh Arora: I think it's important to understand that Search for the longest of times had been performance advertising. And so has the large chunk of Display, it's been performance advertising. Some of the newer players you're talking about are sort of playing the brand display space. So overall if you look at it, the stronger trend is shift of brand dollars from the offline world into the online world and continue of shift to some of those dollars, of sales and marketing dollars, into performance-based advertising. So we're seeing that shift both on our Search side. We're seeing that shift both on our Display side and also, seeing some brand dollars in the Search side and some brand dollars in Display side. So I think it's more than fair to say that right now, the bigger trend is the shift from offline to online. And there has been less of an allocation shift within the online world because all these measures, all these means are measurable, and you're seeing better ROI for these measurable events in both in the performance Display, performance Search. So that's where the trend is.
Nikesh Arora: Just before this, adding to what Patrick said on the Display side, I think it's also important to understand the contribution of the Ad Exchange, which basically allows you to bring buyers and sellers together. And we are seeing a serious uplift for people who are participating on the Ad Exchange in terms of revenue. So whilst your traditional Display business, you might be seeing margins profiles are different and I can't predict the future margin profiles but clearly, there's an uplift and a benefit to advertisers who participate in the Exchange or publishers who participate in the Exchange. So that's also beneficial...
Nikesh Arora: So in terms of the sort of rest of the world performance, I think there are some things which are notable this quarter in addition to our usual stalwarts where the U.S. continues to be strong and the rest of the world is strong. Germany has maintained its strength because of its economic development, which has been different from the rest of Europe, so that has showed up in our results as well. I am very particularly excited about some of the turnaround we've achieved in Japan because we've been putting in a considerate effort over the last many months to try and put an aggressive foot out in the marketplace in terms of bringing in more partners, more advertisers and generally, upgrading the entire effort in Japan from our side, so we are seeing the results of that. In addition to that, some of the commodity markets, markets where the commodities are strong, are Brazil, Australia. So those have been strong in general. The U.K. continues to be weak, as you notice, but it is very strong market for us, it's a big market for us as well.
Nikesh Arora: I think the important thing to understand is we're seeing such a disproportionate amount of strengths from the very large advertisers across the board because effectively what's happened over the years is that they've gone out and really strength their e-commerce offerings, they've gotten their act together, they've got all the logistics in place. And given that this was the quarter of Christmas and Thanksgiving, you saw a tremendous amount of strengths from large advertisers wanting to play against the pureplay Internet players. Now in addition to that, what has also happened is we've put an effort over the last six months on the SMB and mid-market side. In the mid-market side, we've basically gone ahead and adopted a higher touch strategy. I even spend more time on the phone with our customers. We even go and visit some of our mid-tier customers because to be fair over the years, they have grown to be larger mid-tier customers than they used to be in the past. So we have put in sort of a conscious higher touch strategy. And last but not the least, for the smaller advertisers, we are working very closely with our product team and Jonathan and his team to try and look at various systemic and algorithmic improvements we can make, working with them in large direct marketing campaigns and where we can continue to sort of reduce churn to that the area and continue to acquire more, which is related to the other comment on slightly higher sales spending on trying to acquire smaller advertisers. So we have efforts across the board, across all three categories. We don't think that effort is done and fully over with.
Nikesh Arora: No, I think to be fair, if you look at the simplifications we have done on the ad work side and local products, which is another way of thinking about smaller advertisers, that is a way to create a simpler product for them where they don't have to put in a lot more effort or we have things like keyword-less ads where they don't have to go ahead and sort of work towards creating keywords or will work. On the Display side, we've got contextual targeting where you can create ad groups very, very quickly. So we may continue to make product improvements which allow things to become more and more simple so advertisers can sort of go and do their daily business as opposed to spend time understanding more complicated stuff on our side. So yes, you're right, they are different, simpler products we create for them, which have slightly different pricing, so that they can continue to participate in the online economy.
Jonathan Rosenberg: Sure, Mark. I mean, I think we've been very focused on Local since, wow, going all the way back to maybe my second year when we acquired Keyhole here with the Google, which was basically the original company that built Google Earth. And really, the idea was that ultimately the Web should be this virtual mirror of the world at all times. And that mirror of the world becomes much more useful. And when it's more relevant -- and it's more relevant to the users when you get everything organized around places in the physical world. And I think the other thing which has come into play more recently is that technology has made it possible through the use of GPS and smartphones for us to understand where you are. And so I think what we've recognized more recently is that because smartphones have become deployed more aggressively, that we can supply you with relevant information about the places that you're near with the appropriate contextual-oriented search. So if you're at a restaurant, you want to pull up a menu, you don't want just the menu that the waiter handed you, you want the one in there that has the reviews and the picks from your friends. So I think what's basically changed over the course of the last year is it's become easier for local businesses to identify themselves in context on Google, and it's become easier for us to find out where you are. And then, of course, we've mapped that with Nikesh's team, which is working on selling Boost and Tags and some of the other ad formats that we've developed specifically for Local.
Jonathan Rosenberg: Sure. I guess other than the ads quality improvements, which I can cover in a second, I think the only other area that Patrick didn't cover would basically just be the new ad formats, all of which are boosting click through rates. And I mentioned those in my prepared remarks, the product listing ads, more recently, offer ads, coupon-based ads. The seller ratings, which we've also launched, have significant impact in click through rates as well as the Sitelinks. But I think that probably the most significant thing in terms of what impacted the whole ads area this quarter was this concept that we call Visible URL. And basically, what we did was on the top ads, we moved the advertiser's URL down to its own separate line below the creative rather than having it be part of the creative. And that obviously makes it easier for people to see where they will go as they click. It's actually a little bit of an interesting story. I'll give you some of the background because this is by far the most significant change that we had from ads quality perspective in a very long time. It turned out early in the quarter, some of the engineers in Japan noticed that it was really hard to read the creative because we actually had the ads URL, which was in Latin characters, mixed in with the ad creative which was in Kanji. And it didn't really take brilliant research to figure out that human perception gets really confused when characters switch like that in the middle of a sentence. People just sort of skip the whole sentence. And if they skip something, that's sort of really bad when that sentence is a text ad. So we ran this experiment in Japan and we moved the URL down to its own line, and click through rates went up dramatically. So we launched that feature pretty expeditiously in, I think, Japan, China, Korea and Russia. And then what happened is the engineers kind of said "Well, hey, just for fun, let's try that in the rest of the world. " And we actually didn't expect so much because we didn't have the same dynamic of Latin characters versus Kanji, but it turned out that people skip sentences with long, unusual words in it. So people were tuning out that line. And we quickly launched this feature globally. It was one of the fastest things that we ever launched after the ads testing. I believe we launched it right around Thanksgiving. And that had a very significant change in the clicks that we saw in the course of the quarter.
Jonathan Rosenberg: Yes. We don't really actually break out the details in terms of the exact difference. It's certainly the Click-to-Call ads are generating millions of calls every month. A lot of advertisers are running these campaigns. I think one you can see if you tried is DirectTV. We did launch a call-only option where the only clickable link in the ad is actually a phone number, which not surprisingly substantially increases the click through rates on mobile devices. And we've extended some of the desktop formats pretty successfully to Mobile. Sitelinks is one. If you try a query on Oakley, you'll see one, if you seller ratings on something like running shoes. So I think there's a lot more to learn there, but the advertisers are very excited and engaged. At the moment, I don't have any specific comments on NFC other than to go back to the statements that I've made in previous calls, which is when people are completing transactions with these devices, it becomes much more tractable and obviously significantly more valuable.
