Sundar Pichai: Thanks. Look, any time there is innovation, I find it exciting, and I think it is something we want to support the best we can. The web has always evolved, and it’s going to continue to evolve. And as Google, we have benefited tremendously from open-source technologies, and so we do plan to contribute there. There’s several areas of interest, AR is a big one at the computing layer. We’ve been investing there for a long time and will continue to play a role. And it’s something both not just at the computing layer, the services layer, be it Maps, YouTube, Google Meet, et cetera, I think, will contribute a lot. On Web3, we are definitely looking at blockchain and such an interesting and powerful technology with broad applications, so much broader again in any one application. So as a company, we are looking at how we might contribute to the ecosystem and add value. Just one example, our Cloud team is looking at how they can support our customers’ needs in building, transacting, storing value and deploying new products on blockchain-based platform. So we’ll definitely be watching the space closely and supporting it where we can. Overall, I think technology will continue to evolve and innovate, and we want to be pro-innovation and approach it that way.
Sundar Pichai: On YouTube, look, one of the -- YouTube from day one, it’s been very focused on making sure we can support creators while it’s been a big part. And even recently, I mentioned in my remarks earlier about the growth we are seeing not just in ads, but beyond ads, with Super Chat, channel memberships and so on. Susan mentioned in her creator letter that -- while early, they’ll be taking a look at NFT and so on, with the view towards making sure the user experience works and -- but there is value, we are constantly thinking about how we can support and do more for creators. So that’s going to be an integral part. I think all the commerce experiences we are thinking about in YouTube is a whole additional layer of opportunity. And again, it’s another area where it all feels very early to me. We are seeing tremendous traction in YouTube across newer areas, be it podcast, gaming, learning, sports. And so across all these areas, we’ll kind of take a vertical-specific look and see how we can support creators better.
Sundar Pichai: Maybe quickly on YouTube and commerce. Look, one thing I would say is across both Search, YouTube and other areas, there’s a lot of common infrastructure that’s getting done, right? So this is focused on merchants, onboarding merchants and all the back end so that we can have the broadest and the most comprehensive inventory available. And there, our partnership with other e-commerce platforms is a basic foundational layer we are putting in. And specifically on YouTube, while pretty early, there’s a lot of pilots underway, just we have introduced a creative tagging pilot program so that we were had a choice to browse, learn and shop products featured in the favorite videos, piloted shopping live streams with brands like Walmart and Target and more broadly, including product feeds more globally in video action campaigns. So there’s a lot more to do. Super early also on testing how shopping can be integrated with Shorts. And so again, early, but I find the opportunity space here pretty broad, and it’s exciting.
Sundar Pichai: On the first part, we obviously are investing deeply in AI R&D across both Google AI and Deep line and -- and so -- and then we take that and apply it across the company, but particularly in the context of Search. And so that’s what underlies BERT, MUM, Pathways and LaMDA to power conversational experiences. And so, when I look at the tip of tree about -- as to where the research on the AI side is progressing, it’s progressing at an incredibly rapid pace. We are committed to leading there. And then we have real good interfaces between the AI teams and our core product area teams, including Search to kind of productize this. So primarily, I think you’re going to continue to see us lead in search quality. I just find the world of information is only continuing to grow, and it’s getting increasingly multimodal in nature. Just like we took the leap from text to images, thinking through video, audio, incorporating it and then providing it back to users regardless of whether they are typing, speaking or looking at something wanting an answer. That’s the journey between AI and Search, and we’ll continue doing that.
Sundar Pichai: Yes. Thank you. Look, I said earlier that travel was a contributor to our year-on-year ads growth in Q4, and we were encouraged by the performance we saw throughout much of the quarter, but we found that user behavior tends to reflect what’s going on in the world. And demand really continues to vary based on location and type of activity. And this has been more pronounced in light of Omicron. We’ve seen changes in traveler search behavior as preferences have evolved such as searches for outdoor destinations like beaches, parks and camping have increased, while searches for museums, for example, have declined. Overall, I think it’s fair to say that travel has generally been sensitive to outbreaks and that there’s still unevenness that makes it too soon to say what trends are here to stay and which pre-pandemic habits are coming back. That said, as people think about where they want to go next, they’re coming to us to help them navigate a patchwork of information. In fact, from the end of August to the end of October, searches for travel rules were up over 6 times globally year-over-year. And we’ve launched a ton of new features to make it easier for people to understand changing travel restrictions and requirements. Similarly for travel partners, we’ve pivoted our product strategy in big ways to help whether it’s with Flight Demand Explorer and Travel Insights to help partners predict demand over making it free for hotel and travel companies and now to an activity operators to list their booking links. And I’m sure you also saw our big sustainability in news in October, new info on CO2 and Google Flights, eco-friendly hotels, new eco-friendly routes and maps. So lots of important work is being done here actually to help our users and business drive more sustainable choices and just overall help our travel partners and the industry at large.
Sundar Pichai: So two things. On AI and advertising -- after I answer the second part, pass it to Philipp to give more details. But definitely, again, the overarching thing is the same AI advancements we want to make it simpler for advertisers to run campaigns, and there’s a lot that goes behind it to drive that simplicity. And Philipp can give a bit more details there. On your question about Congressional antitrust bills. As a company, we have always been constructive in how we have approached and we are open to sensible updated regulations. It’s important that technology is beneficial to society. And so for example, there are many areas where there’s widespread agreement. We have call for privacy regulations, particularly at the federal level, updating productions for children and so on. On some of the current proposals, they quite don’t address those issues. There are areas where we are genuinely concerned that they could break a wide range of popular services we offer to our users, all the work we do to make them -- make our products safe, private, secure, et cetera. And in some cases, can hurt American competitiveness by disadvantaging solely U.S. companies. So broadly, when we think about building many features, do we have to think on each feature, we shipped 3,000 features in Search alone every year. How do we make sure that complies with all the regulation, where do we proactively need approvals and so on. So those all can have unintended consequences. We’re very worried about the impact on small business and local retailers as well as their customers as well. Having said that, we are committed to approaching it constructively. We always want to engage and do things in a way that’s beneficial for society. And we have urged Congress to take time to consider the unintended consequences, and I think we’ll remain focused on building great products for our users.
Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Stephen. Great question. And I think that trend is going to continue. You mentioned, obviously, payments. And definitely, it’s informed our payment strategy globally. In general, we are trying to think deeper about these newer markets, both -- it really lines up with our mission of building a more equitable Internet for everyone. A couple of the things we have done recently. A year ago, we announced a $10 billion Google for India Digitization Fund. And it’s a reflection of our confidence in the future of India, its digital economy, our desire to build products there, which we think will help us globally. And last year in October 2021, we announced a plan to invest $1 billion in Africa, again, with the goal of supporting entrepreneurs, helping businesses with their digital transformation and beginning to build products in Africa for African users, which I think will help us take learnings outside. I already see it. When I look at YouTube in India, some of the commerce ideas we talked about earlier, you may see us first stride in India first because we can get quicker feedback, very dynamic youthful population. And so we’ll do it there and then roll it out globally. So we are constantly looking for opportunities like that.
Ruth Porat: And in terms of headcount, we do continue to be a magnet for great talent. The number of applications is up year-on-year. And as I said, as you noted, we added almost 6,500 people in the fourth quarter. We do expect the strong pace to continue. And it really goes to comments from Sundar, from Philipp and from me. We’re excited about the opportunities ahead of us in particular, Google Services, Google Cloud, we’re adding. We intend to ensure we have the scale that we need to execute well. And so we’re continuing to hire, as I said. The majority were again in technical roles and really pleased with the opportunities we see ahead.
Ruth Porat: And then in terms of expense, I gave a number of the items. R&D was mostly an increase in headcount. In sales and marketing, I would note that sales and marketing was elevated in the fourth quarter by ads and promo, in part to support the holiday season and more so than last year. The additional items to note that I called out is in the fourth quarter, we did have a one-time well-being bonus. We also had a year-on-year increase in charitable contributions, including a higher Googler gift match. And in fact, I would say that it’s more helpful in particular on the corporate costs unallocated to think of that line on a trailing 12-month basis because it can be lumpy to your question.
Ruth Porat: And in terms of Cloud, if we step back at the comments that both Sundar and I made, overall, we’re very pleased with the ongoing progress in the business, and that’s reflected in the revenue growth, as you noted, our backlog, the breadth of customer wins, the industry verticals. Our view is that we’re in an extraordinary time to help customers digitally transform their businesses. And the key thing is we believe it remains very early innings. So as a result, our focus remains on revenue growth and investing as needed as we’re looking over the long term. We’re continuing to invest aggressively. And it’s in our go-to-market capabilities. It’s our products. It’s our infrastructure. We do remain focused on the longer-term path to profitability, but we are continuing to invest here as we’re seeing early innings and pleased with the ongoing progress.
Ruth Porat: In terms of the share repurchase, as we’ve talked about on prior calls, we do view the share repurchase program as valuable and are pleased that we were able to increase the authorization to $50 billion last year. You’ve seen that we’ve increased the pace quite a bit over the last several years from $18 billion back in 2019 to $50 billion, as I said, for the full year 2021 and are just continuing to execute against it. We do have additional capacity under the existing authorization and just are continuing to execute against it, do view it as incrementally valuable.
Philipp Schindler: Yes. Thank you so much for your question. Look, consumers now have a lot of different ways to access information and more than they’ve ever had before. And Search is just one of them. But we’re constantly trying to innovate and improve the experience for both users and advertisers over the long-term. And as I’ve discussed previously, I can share some of the questions we actually ask ourselves to give you a sense of how we think about the opportunity. So the first one, obviously, are we the best place users turn when they need information or want to discover and be inspired. So things like queries and discover. And we’re focused on providing better and more comprehensive answers to more types of questions, and we need to obviously deliver high-quality relevant info for all types of queries, including ones where they may be looking for a specific brand or product or just look for an inspiration. And how people search is changing, and it needs to become more multimodal, more conversational. So what does that mean for ads, for example. So getting user experience right across commercial quarries is essential way beyond, obviously, the area that you mentioned. And there is a lot of innovation that goes into this. The second part is really are we providing the most relevant ads when and where consumers are. And we only want to show ads when they’re helpful to people. On 80% of the searches actually, we show no top ads and most of the ads that you see are on searches with commercial intent. And yes, we’re -- for those with commercial interest, the question is really how do we provide the best answer in a way that’s meaningful to users and where advertisers actually have something relevant to offer. And then the last, the third point is really the questions around -- and this goes again for the vertical you mentioned -- but for many, many beyond -- are we delivering most conversions for advertisers at the best ROI? And there’s a lot of intelligence in our auction to deliver great ROI for advertisers, but there’s always more we can do. And we’re delivering -- or are we delivering the most relevant users by leveraging our users’ signals? Are we building the best creatives by combining advertisers’ assets in ways that make it compelling for user? Have we predicted the value of the user for that advertiser so we can help appropriately bid for each search with a unique user and query combinations we need? Can we fully measure what users do after they click on ads, from buying something to making phone calls or downloading apps and all across devices? So those are a lot of different things how we think about the runway ahead.
Philipp Schindler: So I can take the one for Sundar. So the Chrome team has been really focused and working independently on Privacy Sandbox, which you all know is our initiative to build privacy preserving on device technologies that will power the future of digital advertising and obviously as a result of free and open web. And just last week, we announced our new Privacy Sandbox called Topics. And Topics was informed by our own learnings plus widespread, let me call it, community feedback from our earlier FLoC trials. It will now actually replace our FLoC proposal. I urge you all to read last week’s blog for the details. But basically, the Topics API will allow advertisers to show relevant ads to people based on their interest inferred from the website they visit all in a more private way for users. And from an advertiser perspective, which is a big part of your question, it’s obviously way too early to share more because we’re just opening this up to the world. We expect to make it available for testing by the end of Q1, but we’re really focused on designing for both parties from an advertiser and a privacy point of view and are committed to making sure goals are met on both sides. On the second one, the connected TV opportunity, streaming in the living room has exploded. We’ve seen it firsthand. Connected TV is our fastest-growing screen, and we think there’s a ton of runway ahead. Brands are getting the best of all worlds, the precision of digital with the scale of linear and a lot more relevance. They can personalize ads at scale and use video ad sequencing to tell powerful stories and we’ve recently added action to the mix. Video action campaigns were upgraded in October to automatically include CTV inventory, which means users get a more helpful viewing experience and brands get to drive more online sales and/or leads. And just think about it like the traditional TV screen “desk screen” that viewers have essentially stared at for decades, is now starting to come alive with the ability to drive conversions and it’s pretty cool. Measurement is also obviously a key component to success here, and we want to make sure that advertisers can fully measure their YouTube CTV video investments across YouTube and YouTube TV for an accurate view of true incremental reach and frequency and so on. And the U.S. advertisers actually can do this now, if you have Comscore and Nielsen. So all-in-all, we are excited by the opportunities ahead with Connected TV. I think we’re just getting started.
Philipp Schindler: So back to the first question you asked on AI and the impact on our ads product. We cover -- Performance Max, we talked about it. We talked about Insights page. In Search, I would say we see an emergence of a real, let’s call it, a better together story fueled by machine learning and automation. Advertisers are leaning more into automation using responsive search ads to create and select the best performing creatives, matching with more relevant search queries using broad match keywords, setting optimized bids with auction-time signals. We have smart bidding. So those are a few examples. We’re using more AI to help advertisers measure their results and bid intelligently with data-driven attribution, for example, which uses very advanced ML to more accurately understand how each marketing touch point actually contributed to a conversion obviously, while respecting user privacies, broad matched keywords are a big part of this. We have responsive ads on display and discovery. They use text image and video assets from advertisers and predict the best combination of assets to show in any size or format on Google properties or the display network. Yes, so I think AI and ML will only get better and so will our tools, and we’re helping advertisers lean into automation and identify new opportunities as a central part really of the recovery and growth strategies.
