Sundar Pichai: On cloud, let me talk about a few areas. We have stepped up our partnering considerably so that we can offer our customers everything they want, and we have more vehicles for going to market. So scaling up through partnerships is a big area of focus and investment for us. We are also establishing a large cloud machine learning group so that we can take advantages of working with our cloud customers and make machine learning more accessible to all of them. I would say other areas are hiring across sales, engineering, and marketing. And as we head into 2017, I expect cloud to be one of our largest areas of investment and head count growth.
Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Heather. In general, the way we see it is that customers don't want to be locked in and they want to make sure their workloads can work in and be managed by containers that run on any platform. So our virtual machines and containers, including excellent open-sourced container management Kubernetes, which was developed by Google, offers that solution. So Kubernetes manages the provisioning, reliability, and auto-scaling of workloads. So we want to pursue a hybrid strategy, including on-prem and in all public clouds. So from a customer standpoint, they will want to use an open source workload management product, and Kubernetes can work with multiple customers. So that's broadly how we think about it.
Sundar Pichai: Ross, on the first question, I would say overall when I look across Google and Alphabet, the number of areas where we have been able to build world-class products and achieve scale and success, we today have over seven products which serve 1 billion users each, so I think our track record speaks there. And we generally want to encourage a culture of innovation and that's what we focus on, and I think it is fine that some of them happen outside. So we don't view it as a zero-sum game, and we're very comfortable with how we approach it.
Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Mark. As you point out, we have done hardware products over the years, but we saw an opportunity to bring all our display hardware efforts together in a thoughtful structure. I'm glad Rick [Osterloh] is here, and we've been very focused on how we approach everything end to end so that we can bring together software and hardware for a great user experience. So along those lines, both Google Home in Google Pixel are important new efforts for us, and I think we will thoughtfully evolve our go-to-market strategy as well. These are important areas. And you already see with Google Pixel we have a deep partnership at Verizon with which we are going to market in the U.S. And so we are constantly thinking about how to do this well, and you will see new approaches as we go through it more.
Sundar Pichai: That's a good question. Today, a big part of what you're seeing with our transition to mobile that's working really well. The reason Mobile Search and mobile monetization works really well for us is because a lot of it is inherently local by nature. And the thing which helps us deliver a great local search experience is Maps. And so that's the direction we have always pointed in. We want it to be a great experience for consumers as Google Maps, but in terms of also really enhancing the local search experience. And I think you'll continue to see us perceive it that way. And over time to the extent there are opportunities to create value within the application itself, we'll pursue that as well.
Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Peter. From my standpoint, I look at it as – and if you look back in time, all this is – computing is becoming more and more important to people, and so they are engaging with it more and more. So as we went from desktops to mobile, it's not like one replaced the other. The sum total of all of this, it expanded the pie. I approach this the same way. I think as I see people using Voice, et cetera, they are interacting more with computing and with Google too. So we view this as providing users more access across many different surfaces, many different contexts, being there for them when they need it. So in that view, I think it will all be a big positive for us going forward.
Sundar Pichai: On the first question, I think I briefly answered it before. In terms of – we are thinking about the voice experience deeply end to end. A lot of it is going – because of how we are approaching our core investments both from a software and hardware standpoint, so we leverage it all to make it better. So for example, even things like TP usage we talked about at Google I/O play a role into something like Voice Search you're talking about. And as we evolve the Google Assistant, I think voice is going to play a major role that way as well. So we are in very early days of all of this in relation to our overall volumes we see, and so I think we will be thoughtful about it. For example, the Assistant team talked about conversational actions as a way by which we can integrate third parties into the Voice experience. So it's early days, and I think we will evolve it a lot in the coming years. In terms of your second question around expanded text ads, I would say again it's early. It's being adopted by advertisers across the board. We see both large and small advertisers using it. For us, we find advertisers who actually spend their time being thoughtful about the ad creatives and extensively testing and optimizing for this new format, they find strong performance. So we are pleased with the progress so far, but the transition is going to take some time as advertisers get comfortable with it, but we are excited about it.
Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Stephen. On the first thing, I would say we are very focused on our core mission. And we see a huge opportunity to do that in a unique way, thanks to what we view as a point of inflection with machine learning. So refocusing the company on a set of initiatives, recognizing that point of inflection is what has helped us really focus on things. And things like the Google Assistant are a manifestation of that, and you will see us continue to stay focused and innovate that way. In terms of hardware, I think in our vision, computing is becoming more and more integral. It's going to be there for users in many different contexts. And so to really think and evolve it, you need to think about software and hardware together. That's where a lot of innovations happen. And so for us to push the paradigm, push the boundary, we are very committed to doing that. So it's a thoughtful effort from us. But overall, as I said in my remarks, we deeply remain committed to building an open ecosystem because at the end of the day we want Google to be there for every user everywhere. And to do that well, we want to work with partners and build a great ecosystem to make it happen.
Sundar Pichai: On the first one, look, I think we are – it's a big platform shift, and it has to be available for everyone. So we've always, just like we have done with things like Android, when we see platform shifts, we provide Android to everyone. So that's the way we think about Google Cloud. We want to make sure that all these new capabilities for machine learning and AI are available through Google Cloud to all our partners. We don't see it as a zero-sum game. I think internally, core to our mission, we see areas where we can execute and we will continue to do that, but we want to do both and we can do it thoughtfully well.
Sundar Pichai: On machine learning, in areas like search and even ads, on search we've had an effort called RankBrain, which is bringing Google Brain in the context of search. And we've made great progress on it, but I would still characterize it as very early stages in terms of the long-term impact we can have. Generally and similarly, we are in very, very early stages of incorporating machine learning, the newer machine learning systems in ads. And again, that's the beginning of a long journey as well. Overall, I think all of these systems are incredibly complex systems, and they are handcrafted systems over many, many years. And so over time, I think machine learning will surface newer approaches and newer insights. And so we see it as a huge area of opportunity, but it will play out over a period of time.
Sundar Pichai: Look, I think I'm very, very glad to see the group come together. We are in extraordinarily early days for AI and it's super-important, but we approach it thoughtfully as an industry. I am encouraged to see the commitment across these companies. Our goal is to promote open collaboration, help the public understand AI, and establish best practices in R&D. Without something like this, I think ideas would develop in silos, and so I think it's good to do this to promote an informed dialogue on AI. And so I'm pretty excited all along, just like with TensorFlow, where we are doing this in an open way and all the other things we have done at Google. I think it's important as we work on new technology to contribute and to give back. And so in that context, I think all of this is personally very meaningful to me.
Ruth Porat: And then on your second question, there were really two parts to the statement. One, the obvious, is that sales and marketing is seasonally higher whenever we go into the holiday season. And so year on year, I wanted just to accentuate the point that we expect this trend to be pronounced this year because we're expanding. We're launching an even more expanded suite of hardware products. So it's really emphasizing the fact that the fourth quarter is higher and even more so this year with the expanded suite.
Ruth Porat: And then in terms of the margin trends, so overall operating margins year on year are up modestly on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, and that primarily reflects trends in Other Bets. I think your question was probably more within Google. The operating margin on a non-GAAP basis is down modestly year on year. That's primarily to other cost of sales as distinct from TAC. The Google GAAP operating margins year on year and quarter on quarter do reflect the impact of the equity refresh that we called out last quarter that I talked about. I think one of the core things to your question is just how we're looking at it, and our view continues to be that given the breadth of opportunities and our commitment to long-term revenue growth, as we've talked about, quarter after quarter we do remain committed to investing in this growing set of opportunities. And we've spent a lot of time trying to manage that revenue growth, and as I said, manage expense growth with the utmost respect for the resources deployed and getting the best return on those resources. So there are a number of different factors in here. I think I mentioned one of the things as you're looking forward was the sales and marketing. And just to make another point, which I said my opening comments, we do expect ongoing gross margin pressure from higher TAC associated with Mobile Search and with programmatic. That does still result in more revenue and gross profit dollars but at a lower margin, and that's the other really important point with our starting point. We are continuing to invest, and we would point you to the revenue and gross profit dollars that come from that.
Ruth Porat: Okay, great, two good questions. So in terms of Sites revenue, we are very pleased by the strength. It was broad-based. It had two real drivers, first, our ongoing focus on improving the experience for advertisers and users. And we introduced a number of enhancements, including format changes in ad tools. I think the most important point is that no one enhancement came close to the magnitude of the changes that we made in the third quarter of last year. That's why we kept calling out the 2015 change. And what's been gratifying is in the aggregate the results reflect the benefit of ongoing innovation. But very importantly, it wasn't one particular item. The second contributor is the secular shift to mobile, and we continue to benefit from that, be an important part of enhancing opportunities for engagement. As we look forward to the fourth quarter, I think that was part of your question as well. I think the only thing to point out is that in looking at growth rates, we're obviously at a higher revenue base versus last year, so that to us is an important point. It may be obvious, but important to note there. In terms of Fiber, the impetus for it was really about the opportunities that we see to focus on innovation, and what does that mean if the objective with Other Bets is really these 10X opportunities. And when you go back to the initial impetus for creating the business, it was the founders' view that there's a sizable opportunity given the need for abundant connectivity on networks that are always fast and always open, and we do continue to be committed to that vision. The team had some important breakthroughs in new technologies. You noted the most important in our view, all that we're doing with wireless, but also technologies that are key to implementation. And we believe that both of those, a number of things they're doing enhance both our effectiveness and efficiency. And so we wanted to focus on the potential with these efforts before we reaccelerate deployment. And it was about ensuring that we can take advantage of those before again pushing forth. We were very active in a lot of cities in the third quarter alone. We rolled out four new cities, so that brings us to 12 cities across the U.S. where we're deployed, in construction, or in development, and we're making great progress in those cities. We remain very committed to growth across those cities. And then we also have a presence in six cities with our wireless acquisition, Webpass. So we're pausing for now our work in eight cities where we've been in exploratory discussions. But very much to your question, it's to better integrate some of the technology work we've been developing, and there's more detail on the cities on the Fiber side to the extent you want to go into those.
Ruth Porat: And just to add a bit more to Sundar's first answer or first response to your question about efficiency as it's expressed through CapEx spend, I think it will probably be helpful to add. The pace of spend reflects the ongoing success of the team driving meaningful efficiencies in planning and operations for our technical infrastructure. And that's enabled us to support growing demand but at a stable investment level. We've talked about that on prior calls as well, but I think we're proud of what they've been doing there. Some examples of efficiencies include improvements in server utilization and the use of machine learning that Sundar has talked about, and the deployment of innovations like our Tensor Processing Units that he has commented. So the main thing is we're building greater productivity with existing machines. And what's important to note is that's not only good for Google products generally, but it's also valuable to our cloud offering for our enterprise customers. Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Thank you.
Ruth Porat: On your second question, we constantly look to assess if or when additional data makes sense given specific performances. And when we went through the third quarter results, that has been our intent with all of the color commentary on cloud. I guess the only other thing to add is that the largest percentage growth year on year in our other revenue line, actually even across all of our revenue lines, was in our Google Cloud platform, and that reflects significant momentum in compute and storage.
Ruth Porat: And then in terms of the hardware family, I think Sundar has given a lot of color on that. It's still early days with the rollout of some of these newer lines that we're super-excited about. And so early to make a call on that, but certainly investing meaningfully in the line given the importance we see in this. And then in terms of stock-based compensation, we've always said we're going to remain focused on long-term revenue growth, and that does require investing in talent. And we do believe equity ownership is a really valuable part of our overall compensation, consistent with alignment of interests. It's something we keep an eye on and we're mindful of the full cost of equity-based compensation and certainly look at that as part of the overall costs that we're investing in, in and across the businesses.
