Patrick Pichette: Thank you, Jane. Good afternoon, everybody. We just happen to have a surprise visit. Larry is joining us for a few minutes at the beginning of the call and wanted to make a few comments. So before we start officially our call, I just want to welcome Larry. Welcome, Larry.
Patrick Pichette: Thank you, Susan. Thank you, Susan and Jeff for this comprehensive look at what's going on our core -- across our core products. What I suggest we do now is we turn it back to Jay to give us the instructions on how to get to the Q&A and just jump in right into the Q&A, if you don't mind.
Patrick Pichette: But there is clearly the effect of the one-time salary change for this quarter that is flowing through. And in fact, in the increase in salaries, what you have is a triple effect this quarter specifically, right? Everybody at Google got a 10% salary increase. In addition to that, because it's the beginning of the year, the salary increases flow through to many of the benefits, like the 401(k)s and the vacation accruals. So many of the resets that are done in the first quarter are disproportionate in additional kind of flow-through costs. And then finally, we have new Googlers. And the Newglers, I think Jeff made a really good compelling case to explain why we're hiring them and then how we distribute them. So on the labor side, you clearly have a one-time step change, but after that, we're going to continue to be in our regular momentum. In other areas, if I take marketing, for example, marketing has increased through last year, because we see the great returns. And so for marketing, specifically, we continue to -- we don't expect to slow down our marketing, because it is proving such a kind of attractive set of returns both for customer acquisition and for key, key products, like Chrome. So for those, we're actually going to continue our momentum on them. In many areas of the company, we continue to be -- in like most areas, continue to be incredibly disciplined. People have to show up every 90 days to complete a OCQ process, where we do quarterly reviews to get your next chance [ph] for funding. I mean, the discipline of the company has not changed. We're just really bullish on our prospects.
Patrick Pichette: Okay. So let me start with just the professional services and then I'll let Nikesh give you a context of Chrome as well. So for OpEx, it's a number of areas. We're pushing -- right now, we're pushing hard on a few areas including the GEO product, where we're doing a lot of the mapping worldwide. So at the beginning of the year, we just kind of ramped up a number in there. We also have a couple of other areas. We do have slightly more legal expense as well. But also, real estate is the third component, where because of the Googlers coming on board, we just need more services to support those Googlers. So that's the highest level answer for professional services. And for Chrome, if -- let me give you just a 10-second umbrella and then I'll let Nikesh give you more color commentary. There's really a two story on Chrome. And there's a tactical question, and there's a strategic question. Chrome is really pushing the web, and it has a fantastic opportunity that when people have adopted Chrome, right, they basically -- instead of looking for Google and looking for Search, the Omnibox gives them immediate access to Google Searches. So from a strategic perspective, it has that in Chrome OS. And a tactical basis, right, everybody that uses Chrome, right, is a guaranteed locked in user for us in terms of having access to Google. So maybe, Nikesh, if you have more additional comments on the performance of the marketing.
Patrick Pichette: In short, look, I think that the company's position has not changed. Google is a technology company focused on users and looking for products that can affect billions of people. So the very first lens that you have to think through when you think of Google is are we developing computer science helping finding answers to problems where billions of people can be served. If you think that way, right, Chrome makes sense. Android makes sense. Search makes sense. All these things are the fundamentals of the company. From there, there's very clear that -- again, to paraphrase an old saying of ours, right, the 70/20/10 is very much alive and well. Search is the next billion-dollar business. Never forget it. Every quarter you've heard this time, right? 90% kind of improvement on one side 40% on the other. And like, that's one a day, right? That's a lot of engineering work to keep ahead of the -- but these are the next billion-dollar businesses. It's in its infancy and so are two or three other of our key products, which include Mobile, Display, Enterprise. So -- and then the 10%, well, it's commerce, right? It's local that we all know is nascent. It's social that we know also is nascent. And so the strategy the company is continuing to be in the same core lenses, building same products that serve billions of people and to make multibillion-dollar businesses in the waist up.
Patrick Pichette: I think that you have to look at the strategy. You have to take a look at the strategy in the context of the last four or five quarters, right? Have increased in OpEx, but when you look at our trajectory of revenue growth, right, going from 23% to 24% to 25% to 27% this quarter, we are really funding and accelerating with discipline our revenue growth. That is the fundamental. If we don't see a great ROI, you won't see us spending the money. We just happen to have great opportunities to fuel. Why not carpe diem now? It's there to take. That's really the mindset we put at it.
Patrick Pichette: Okay, so let me start with the latter and then I'll let Nikesh talk about the former. Clearly, Search is a unique product that has very, very high margin, right? Because Display is more complex -- there's more paperwork involved even today with Display. It's a somewhat lower margin. It's still a great margin product, and it's a product that because of the -- it's still a very good margin product. And so all those dollars I want from an operating margin point of view. So there is no way we would let that -- and there's a great symbiotic relationship between Display. As take Susan's example, right? What was a pure Display Ad before is now embedded in Search. So the symbiotic relationship is very important as well. As to the total size of the market, I'll let Nikesh give you some color commentary.
Patrick Pichette: I think it's worth -- just in closing, you've all heard of the launch of +1 a couple of days ago or a couple of weeks ago. And it's, again, a commitment from us to get every signal we can to give the best answer for the users. So you should expect continued focus on social as one of the 200 signals and just get this rich as possible of an answer across the board.
Patrick Pichette: Maybe Jeff would know the better answer of that, if Chrome gives us additional signals on social or other types of signals.
Patrick Pichette: I know that for our shareholders and many analysts on the call, it is top of mind for people, when we grow our expenses in the way we have, to ask that question. So Mark, I just want to thank you, because it lays -- it gave me the opportunity to lay the ground clear on these issues.
Patrick Pichette: Just to reemphasize, just that last point from Susan, there are properties that are going to be kind of tuned to Display, right? It's true for YouTube. It's true -- but the ecosystem itself of the entire web is so much more powerful, and that's why we have the strategy we have.
Patrick Pichette: I think what we're going to do is because this is an internal matter -- I mean, the key message that I'd like to leave with everybody is, right, we focus, as we said, across the strategy and across many platforms. We wanted to signal to the employees that social is clearly a signal that is worth investing in, and that's why we've made the decision. But we wouldn't comment further on that.
Patrick Pichette: Let me give you a mega answer related to that, which is if you think of the web in general and how the platforms are growing, right, we would argue that where we're focusing our investment is in areas where -- yes, engagement matters. But if you think of where we're putting emphasis in local, for example or in Mobile, for example or for YouTube, for example, right, all of these areas are all about engagement and their engagement between advertisers and small, medium businesses and their customers that are walking down the street and then adding more signals to the quality of their restaurant experience they had or otherwise. It's true for YouTube, with so much more different kind of either lean back, with kind of chatting and giving kind of ratings. And every one of our products has just naturally evolved. And then with -- again, with Mobile and same thing with Chrome, we see many of these areas. Engagement is another element of the strategy that's kind of pervasive across, but the technology themselves also fuel that. So it's kind of a symbiotic relationship between the two. So at the highest level, Search itself is so much more engaged today than it was three years ago and will be even more engaged in the coming three years. So it's absolutely part of the fabric of the strategy we have.
Patrick Pichette: Well, you have it across -- like, when you're in YouTube, right, the question is are you spending more minutes of your day actually on YouTube, and that's opportunities for engagement. When you're with your Android phone and you're actually living down the street, and you're now in town, your engagement opportunities, both in terms of the product that you use and the engagement of the additional signals that you get with sharing with your friends or otherwise, right, continue to fuel it. But absolutely, the core platforms that we have in place will have that as a core element.
Patrick Pichette: Yes. So you -- to summarize these two thoughts together, without like really any radical effort -- let me take the case for Android. That is the platform that enabled so much of it. We already announced at the end of Q3 that this was $1 billion run rate business, and we tripped into it with people kind of adapting what was desktop onto Mobile that was clunky. And it's growing at an amazing, blazingly pace in terms of usage. So what you do know is the combination of -- if you think of the areas of Search, of local, of commerce, of entertainment and just on Mobile, just -- we tripped into $1 billion. It just gives you the sense of momentum for the opportunities ahead of us, and that's why we have the focus areas that we have. So that's why we're so optimistic about Mobile. Now Jason, if I circle back to your financial parameters for larger acquisitions, we're quite disciplined, and we've made that comment many times about acquisitions in general at Google. And we have a quadrant in which we operate, where you're looking for the perfect mix between intellectual properties of great code, a great team and great products at a price that we can afford that we think makes strategic sense. So many of -- like, you hear of all the stories of the acquisitions we make. What you don't hear is all the acquisitions that we actually refuse, because they just don't pass our bar. In the case of large transformative ones, we look at them all the time, right? If we had one that actually made sense to finally accelerate a big piece of our agenda, we would do it. We just have not found one yet. And so we'll continue to look at it. We have the position to be able to jump and make big acquisitions. We just want to make sure that we don't have distractions. We have a very focused agenda, and you have to have a really good fit, because big acquisitions can be a massive distraction for Google. Google has a specific culture. It's quite a unique culture. And in that context, we want to make sure that if we were ever to make a large acquisition, it would have to pass a double bar of not only strategic, financial sense, but in addition to that, that it wouldn't become a distraction to the company but in fact, accelerate it. That's a pretty high bar to pass.
Patrick Pichette: So I'll let Nikesh talk about the local area, where on the sales side, he's been kind of spearheading activities. And then I'll give you a conversation about the org issues.
Patrick Pichette: For the issue of broad organization, let me make two comments. The first one is we are -- the realignment that Larry talked about earlier on this call has been really about an organization model that we had, where there was a end person and a product person for every core of our product and then often also a salesperson. And so if you think of having to have two or three products to work together, how you end up with sometimes six or nine decision makers having to align themselves. Larry made a very specific call to say for every one of those core product areas -- and we have one here in the room, in fact two, in the room which is Jeff for Commerce and Local. Jeff is now the final arbiter and decision maker -- and that's to drive velocity. And by the way, take comfort also that these are -- the reorg has been on all of the core pillars of the company. So the real core issue that we wanted to make sure, that Larry wanted to have in place when he kind of launched into as CEO is clear decision makers for velocity, and everybody takes comfort about that. And for the rest of the smaller ones, right, too early to tell. We're just not there yet. We're really focused on the big areas for now and then when the time comes, we'll cover the smaller areas. That's the way we approached it, and we're really thrilled to see the momentum already.
Patrick Pichette: On the first -- let me talk about the latter one first and then let Susan talk about the first one. On the non-UGC content, we have made a number of addition to the YouTube team that have very specific expertise in that area. So you should kind of consider that we have a focus on it, but we have nothing specific to announce. Jeff may have additional comments on that.
Patrick Pichette: Okay, we have time -- we're over time already, so we'll take one last question. I just -- before we take the last question, can I just say that for those on the call that may be having trouble accessing our financial slides, we're working on this issue right now. And it should have been fixed for most of the users and will be done very, very shortly. So just to let you know. So Jay, let's take our last question, please.
Patrick Pichette: Thank you, Nikesh. So with that, let me just take two last comments. The first one is, as usual, thank our Googlers. I mean, Jeff and Susan and Nikesh and I kind of look good here giving you these great results with 27% year-over-year growth and so many innovations in so many areas of the company. It is really the result of our fantastic Googlers working all the time on all of these areas. So I would just want to thank them. And also, my last closing notes on Jonathan. Everybody commented on Jonathan. He couldn't be here today, because it was already planned that he had a vacation with his family. So we're glad to have Susan and Jeff with us. Clearly, Jonathan's passion for our product is legendary at Google. I don't think that the word is too strongly stated. He loved the tension between the combination of Search and Search monetization. And just to quote him, from one of his last times, he said as Search gets better, it actually creates another huge challenge for us, which is the ads need to keep pace to get better too. Otherwise, what would happen is people will click on fewer ads and well that -- to quote him, well, that would be bad. So as a Jonathan-ism to close the call, it's very obvious that we keep -- we just are immensely thankful for Jonathan's contribution and leadership, and we'll keep focused. I know that he's going to be overlooking on us to make sure that we keep that balance between Search and Ads and all the other innovations. With that, Jay, I will let you close the call. And thank you, everybody, for taking the time this afternoon to listen to the story of Q1. We'll talk to you in Q2.
Jeffrey Huber: Thanks, Patrick, and hi, everyone. In his comments, Patrick mentioned our ambitious hiring this quarter, which was by design. We announced in January, with a blog post to help energize recruiting, that 2011 will be the biggest hiring year in our history, topping the 6,000 people we hired in 2007. And we ended up hiring 1,900 people this quarter. We're very happy about this, because we feel this is a very good time to invest. We look at the factors like our revenue growth and how well our core and growing businesses are doing and say to ourselves, "Who wouldn't want to invest in this business?" So that's what we're doing, hiring great people to invest in the future. In fact, over half the Newglers who joined this quarter are going to be working in high potential and revenue growth areas like YouTube, Mobile, Chrome, commerce and local and Enterprise. So that's what Susan and I are going to talk about today. We'll give you an update on our core business of Search and Ads, as well as these businesses where we're investing. Susan will cover our Ads products, Search Ads, Mobile Ads, local Ads, Display Ads and YouTube, and I'll talk about Search, Android, Chrome and Enterprise. So let's jump in with Search. Search is the most important thing people do online, and there's loads of opportunities to make Search more intelligent and more personal. Intelligent, as in better quality. Our primary focus is to always create the best user experience. So this quarter, we launched over 90 different quality improvements. Most notably, we made an important change to our ranking algorithms to promote higher-quality sites. This noticeably impacted about 12% of our -- of all queries, and it's done a good job. We found it addressed over 80% of the sites that users reported as a poor experience via a Chrome feature we introduced a while ago. This change did have an adverse impact on revenues for some sites in our Display Network, but we've continually found improving Search results and our users' experience is always the best thing to do in the long run and for long-term value. Personal, as in building around people. We improved social search this quarter, making it easier to find information and recommendations from the people that matter to you, whether they're publishing on YouTube or Flickr or their own blog or website. We also launched the +1 button, which makes it easy to share recommendations with the world via Google Search results. And this is just the beginning. We've got lots more useful and relevant social search features coming soon. A lot more of our searches are coming from mobile devices. This traffic has gone up more than 500% in the last two years. Android is obviously a big driver of this. We're activating over 350,000 Android devices every day. Android market is taking off too, over 3 billion apps have been installed, up 50% in just the last quarter. You can now access the market online. Try it at market.android.com so you can shop and browse for apps from your computer, click the purchase, and they just magically show up in your device. We also recently launched In-app Billing, which has been very enthusiastically received and which gives developers more ways to make money from their hard work. Another product and it's doing very well is Chrome. Chrome users are very valuable to Google. And as we've said in past quarters, we're investing in Chrome marketing. The payoff is worth it. We have over 120 million daily users, over 40% of whom we added in the past year as a result of our marketing efforts. The Chrome OS program is also going well, and we look forward to launching devices with our partners later this year. Our Enterprise business is growing across both businesses and schools. As example, this quarter, we deployed Google Apps at InterContinental Hotel Groups and RR Donnelley; signed a reseller agreement with Optus, which is the largest -- second largest telco in Australia; and signed up the University of Texas and Boston University. We were pleased that our deal with ITA Software was approved by the DOJ last week and closed this week. Travel searches in the area with lots of potential for innovation, both for end users and as a platform for the industry. We're looking forward to bringing the ITA team on board and doing great things together. That wraps up my remarks. But before I turn it over to Susan, I just want to take a moment to thank Jonathan Rosenberg, who has been a regular on these calls, for all he's done for Google. Jonathan and I have been friends and colleagues for over 15 years. And on behalf of myself and Susan, who also worked closely with Jonathan for the last nine years, I can assure all of you that he will be missed. Over to you, Susan.
Jeffrey Huber: This is Jeff. We do see social as very important. Google uses well over 200 signals in terms of how we think about ranking today. And when we think about identity and relationships, those are our key signals that can and should be integrated in the experience. So it is important, but it's one of the many that we use. In terms of assets that apply to that, we do have a very, very large number of users coming to our door every day. A considerable percentage of them are logged-in users that are using multiple of our products. So there is a large variety of signals that we'll be able to use with user support and users seeing value from it to make the overall experience better.
Jeffrey Huber: So Chrome we think will be part of the story over time. Chrome does have features where it is personalized today. And for example, the Chrome experience, you can essentially sign into Chrome, and it will synchronize all of your information across different instances across different computers. So that is information that, again, with user engagement and users seeing value from it, that could be useful.
Jeffrey Huber: So as mentioned, it is one of the signals among many that we have. We are very optimistic that we'll be able to do great things with better social signals over time. At this point, it's a little early to tell, but we regularly measure and tune. So we'll be looking forward to that as the experiments continue.
Jeffrey Huber: I'll start with the experience of the changes that we've made to improve overall quality and promote high-quality sites. I had mentioned in my comments that on the order of 12% of queries, we're positively affected in our view. And that's in terms of our changes that is a pretty significant change that has that scope. And we felt very good or confident in it, because we were able to measure against the feedback loop that we had of user-reported sites that they found that weren't as great of an experience. Just to confirm, it was web search only, not ads. It didn't have any material measurable impact in search ads in either CPC or CTR. We did mention that there was some effect on the display network of sites that were essentially the receivers of some of those clicks previously, but our focus is, again, overall on the user experience, the best possible user experience and long-term value. I'll turn it over to Susan on the balance of the questions around the Display Network.
Jeffrey Huber: Yes. This is Jeff. Tablets are doing very well. There's certainly been a lot of growth in that segment. And in terms of its dynamics, there are some interesting properties where it's really a hybrid between a mobile device and a desktop when you look at user behavior and the kind of things that they're doing with it. So it sort of falls between the two of those. We are very optimistic. Android has some great products coming along. We have the Honeycomb operating system that is developed specifically for tablet application. The Motorola XOOM is the first device that's come along, runs on Motorola now. It was the product of the show at the Consumer Electronics Show in January. I think you'll see a lot of other products coming along and a lot of innovation in the market around tablets and that format. We have also introduced, just jumping into Ads for a little bit, recently, a feature where we can enable advertisers to specifically target tablet devices, which we think will also help that segment.
Jeffrey Huber: Yes. This is Jeff. There is great opportunity in Chrome. You start to see the beginnings of that, in that we launched a capability a while ago called the Chrome Web Store, which is bringing the same kind of model that we have with Android Market to that platform. And there's a tremendous amount of innovation that is happening on the web as a platform that we think Chrome will be able to take advantage of and be the best on ramp for.
Jeffrey Huber: Yes. So in terms of the specifically quantifying the value of a Mobile user today, that's not something that I can comment on specifically as of how we're valuing them. That said, if you look at the kind of investment which we're making, if you look at the focus of the organization, it is something that we're very, very excited about. And I think that there is great potential there. And if you look at some of just the monetization side of it, there's things that we've done around Click-to-Call ads, if you think about very locally targeted ads that is a capability of our platform. The ability to engage users where they're at with commercial opportunities, it's tremendous overall. So we think that's great. In terms of where it trends over time, increasingly the smartphone is becoming an extension of the person. It becomes how they do everything, how they communicate, how they're entertained, how they're informed. So we think that there will be convergence over time between the phone or mobile device and other behavior that people are historically familiar with.
Jeffrey Huber: Yes, the -- with YouTube, YouTube's roots obviously start with user-generated content. There's a tremendous both size and activity in the user base there. So there's a great asset that we begin with. We are interested in long-form premium content in the longer-term role of YouTube. Another area that we're very excited about and we announced an acquisition this quarter, a company called Next New Networks, which is signaling intent for developing content that is kind of up volume for this new medium that's being created. So I think you'll see a lot more of that as well.
Jeffrey Huber: Yes. So on Android, as mentioned, over 350,000 devices a day are being activated, which is just tremendous growth. In terms of breaking out share by device or by market, we don't break out share by device. If you just look though at where the distribution relationships and partnerships are, obviously, we've got a great presence in the U.S., strong partners in Europe, Japan, Korea. So international is really growing as a component of the overall pie. In terms of phones versus tablets, Android is relatively early on with tablets. So we have the Honeycomb operating system now, which is developed specifically for the devices. We've got some great initial devices like the Motorola XOOM. But as I mentioned earlier in one of the questions, we're seeing just a tremendous amount of innovation in the markets, but I think you're going to see a lot more great Android tablet devices soon.
Nikesh Arora: Thanks, Patrick. Just to add to that, I think as Jeff mentioned we have over 120 million daily users, and 40% of them were added in the past year as a result of our marketing efforts. So we've seen the 30% growth quarter-over-quarter in our Chrome usage. So I think from all perspectives, the Chrome strategy is working. And the way we distribute Chrome is people get it organically. Or they get it based on our marketing efforts. Or they see our marketing, and they choose to download it. Or we work with partners who help us promote Chrome to our users and to other users. So in that context, we found that marketing very often ends up with an equivalent or better ROI than us having to go do partnership deals. Sometimes you'll see that our tax and our marketing around Chrome is fungible, where we spend money in marketing we take away from tax as it relates to Chrome. So you can expect us to continue to drive Chrome strategically, because it has not just a Chrome-specific benefit for us, but it also impacts many of our other products that work as part of Chrome. So the lifetime value of a Chrome user is phenomenal.
Nikesh Arora: Thanks, Patrick. I think it's important to look at the advertising market for Display in the context of the overall advertising market, which is a $600 billion to $700 billion market globally. And you can go back and say five years ago that Display was sort of stalled around $15 billion to $16 billion as the market, because we didn't have video in the mix. Now with video, everything changes. We have been recently doing some campaign in the U.K., where we tried to do some efficiency, YouTube versus television. And we found YouTube helps people reach 20% to 24% more consumers in a target segment. And you can do that in a dispersed manner. You don't have to buy one ad, which 20 million people look at. You can do that on a literally user by user basis. So you are seeing the efficiency of the web applied to video, which is going to change the way the entire display market functions. And all of our efforts in the last two or three years have been towards targeting that market, whether it's all our acquisition in the technology side, whether it's all of our efforts in trying to create a multiproduct sales force across 50 different countries around the world.  We are getting ourselves to be able to sell Display with special emphasis on rich media and video, which is going to help us sort of make that a relevant space in Google. As far as -- Patrick answered the margin question. But from my perspective, I'm told that every profitable dollar or revenue is good.
Nikesh Arora: Hi. I guess it's important to understand that with millions of advertisers who we service through our various advertising products, we are constantly in touch with small, medium, large business across the board. And most recently we've turned on phone support and on-boarding and soft landing for all of our small advertisers. We do interact with small business. As we have products that work more and more with local advertisers, we anticipate having a team that works with those advertisers. Now how we do it is still something we are constantly debating. In some cases, it works really well with our existing call centers or our existing teams, which work from around the world. It sometimes requires people on feet on the street, which we also have in over 40 countries around the world. So we are going to use a sort of combination of existing sales teams and sales methods and other sales teams and sales methods that might be required to drive some of our products whether they're in the commerce area, the local area or in the area of providing offers to our customers. But more on that as we continue to drive those products to our sales.
Nikesh Arora: I think it's important to understand we monetize video not just on YouTube but also rich media across the Google Display Network. So our intent and our hope is to try and monetize video as a format across the various publisher partners that we have. So that's our point number one. In terms of being able to monetize and continue to grow that, you have to understand there is a value chain that goes through this. We have to make sure that we have the right advertisers, who are excited about this as a medium. I have to make sure that the creative agencies adapt their creatives to work with sort of multiple users. They don't -- you can't just create one ad, which is going to be used on YouTube with 10 million views. You actually have the ability to personalize and target them a bit more. So the creative industry needs to get involved a little bit more in trying to find creative ways, no pun intended, to be able to target all the users that the advertisers would like to target. But having said that, it is a process of selling. We have the sales teams in force. We have the technology in place. We have it integrated across the technology chain in terms of through our exchanges, through our ad serving platforms, et cetera. So we are going down the path [ph] now. We're working with the creative agencies and the most important, the analysis agencies, who actually can prove that there is value in shifting some of the dollars in television towards mediums like YouTube and other video sites around the world. So we're very happy with the progress we're making. We think also that the ducks are in a row. And we hope as we continue to see this trend, this trend is going to shift lots and lots more dollars away from what is now traditionally television towards what I call IP-based video delivery.
Susan Wojcicki: Sure. So this is Susan. I'm happy to answer that one. I think in Display -- I mean, what I see happening right now with Display is that we're really at a point where there's ability to buy audiences and to do much more specific targeting than there ever was in the past. We also have much better tools in order to do that and better formats. So I think the combination of all of these things over time will enable us to have better ads and have them much more targeted at the right users. So that's really a combination across all of them. It is important to note that really -- like one thing that distinguishes our Display strategy is that we are focused on building an end-to-end platform to enable buying across the Internet for all advertisers and for all publishers. And we believe that if we do that and if we do that efficiently, that there will be a lot more dollars that will move over, as Nikesh mentioned, from off-line to online, which is where the users are moving. And so we just need to make sure that the systems and the technology can support that.
Susan Wojcicki: Hi, this is Susan. I'm going to answer that one. I mean, I -- one way I would think about that, if I think we're still very, very early on in what Mobile can do. But I do think that Mobile will bring completely new ways that we will be interacting with merchants, with advertisers, with our friends over time, and the value of those transactions can be very valuable. But I think what it will actually do is it will grow the overall opportunity, the overall pie and enables us to interact in new ways. So it's hard at this point to really estimate how that will change over time other than we think it's going to grow a lot and that there will be new models that we don't have today.
Susan Wojcicki: Sure. Actually, one thing I do want to kind of step back for is that we are thinking about the best way for our advertisers to be bidding and to be paying for ads across Search and Display. And so we -- with Search, for example, we are enabling our advertisers to bid, for example, with a CPA target. Then Google will figure out the CPCs and the backgrounds. So that's one way that was found, for example, has really grown advertisers' spend on Search. The Product Listing Ads that I talked about in the script actually works with the CPA model. So in Display, we have advertisers who bid on a CPC basis, and when they bought they also bid on a CPM basis. Right now -- and we see advertisers participating in both. A lot of times it has to do with the objective of the advertiser in terms of whether they're more performance driven or more brand driven. As we release more brand features, like I mentioned, like the reserve, that will be a CPM feature. And so really, what we see is that the bidding is very important, that we want to give advertisers a lot of flexibility and how they actually buy it and how they're able to optimize depending upon their objective. And there's no one right way. There's just -- there's a series of things that we will offer to make sure that we have the right product for the advertiser.
