Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Brian. I'll take the first part. It's definitely early days, but both across Bard and Search Generative Experience, feedback has been very positive from our users. I think we are definitely now able to serve, I would say, deeper and broader information use cases, which is very exciting. I wouldn't say surprised. So for example, people really using it to -- for coding, something we understood, but it's definitely on the new side. There's a lot of excitement around, we integrated Google Lens into Bard. We have known how big Google Lens can be. We see that in the visual searches we get and how much it has grown over the last 2 years, and so we've been doing this for a while. But definitely, that, in Bard, has been super well received. So which gives me a sense that as -- given Gemini is being built from the ground up to be multimodal, I think that's an area that's going to excite users. When I go back many years ago when we did universal search, whenever, for users, we can abstract different content types and put them in a seamless way, they tend to receive it well. And so I'm definitely excited about what's ahead. 
Sundar Pichai: Look, on the Search Generative Experience, we definitely wanted to make sure we're thinking deeply from first principles. While it's exciting new technology, we've constantly been bringing in AI innovations into Search for the past few years, and this is the next step in that journey. But it is a big change so we thought about from first principles. It really gives us a chance to now not always be constrained in the way Search was working before allowed us to think outside the box. And I see that play out in experience. So I would say we are ahead of where I thought we'd be at this point in time.  The feedback has been very positive. We've just improved our efficiency pretty dramatically since the product launch. The latency has improved significantly. We are keeping a very high bar, and -- but I would say we are ahead on all the metrics in terms of how we look at it internally. And so I couldn't be more pleased with it. And so you will see us continue to bring it to more and more users. And over time, this will just be how Search works. And so while it's -- we are taking deliberate steps, we are building the next major evolution in Search, and I'm pleased with how it's going so far. 
Sundar Pichai: Maybe I can give some color here. We have obviously been focused on bringing this experience and making sure it works well for users. And it's very clear to me, first of all, as a user myself, there are certain queries for which the answers are so significantly better. It's a clear quality win. And so I think we are definitely headed in the right direction, and we can see it in our metrics and the feedback we are getting from our users as well. And the thing that doesn't change with these experiences is that many -- a lot of user journeys are commercial in nature. There are inherent commercial user needs. And what's exciting to me is that SGE gives us an opportunity to serve those needs, again, better, right? Better. So it's clearly an exciting area. And as part of that, the fundamentals don't change. Users have commercial needs, and they are looking for choices, and there are merchants and advertisers looking to provide those choices. So those fundamentals are true in SGE as well. And we have a number of experiments in flight, including ads, and we are pleased with the early results we are seeing. And so we will continue to evolve the experience, but I'm comfortable at what we are seeing, and we have a lot of experience working through these transitions, and we'll bring all those learnings here as well. 
Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Justin. Okay. It is an exciting moment overall in Cloud because there is definitely a lot of interest from customers on AI, and they definitely are engaging in many more conversations with us. So I would say, without commenting on the short term, but when I think about it long term, I view the AI opportunity as expanding our total addressable market and allows us to win new customers. Scale of investments that we can directly bring to Cloud now. As I said earlier, we have over 80 models across Vertex, Enterprise, Search and Conversational AI, and we are taking all of them, translating it into deep industry solutions. So I'm excited about it. Second, it gives us an opportunity to upsell and cross-sell into our installed base. So for example, if you think about Duet AI in Google Workspace now, it's a collection of all our generative AI-powered collaboration features. We can bring it and make it available to more than 9 million paying Google Workspace customers. Similarly, Duet AI in Google Cloud, again, allows us to go back to our installed base and engage in deeper conversations. And finally, I think AI helps us differentiate our core products. For example, if you take a look at cybersecurity, we are deeply incorporating AI to drive profound changes there. So overall, I'm excited, and I view this as a long-term opportunity. And all the investments we are doing in AI across Alphabet, including the work we are doing in Google DeepMind and Google Research on Gemini and so on are directly applicable to Cloud as well. So excited about it. 
Sundar Pichai: Maybe I can comment on the -- how we think about R&D. And look, if anything, I think 2 things. We are always committed to driving deep computer science research and innovation. That's the foundation on which the company is built. And taking that and applying it and building new products and services and generating value is the virtuous cycle. And so nothing changes in that fundamental thesis.  We are definitely both, as Ruth mentioned, on AI investments, we are going to be committed to making sure we invest to realize the opportunity. But all the work we are doing on efficiency and optimization applies to on the AI side as well. And so we're bringing all that lens there so that we do this responsibly. But no overall changes in our philosophy or approach there. And maybe I'll let Philipp comment on the overall market dynamics. 
Sundar Pichai: And I think all of this is before we have multimodal capabilities really in the mix. And so looking at the early innovations there, I think it's going to be an exciting couple of years ahead. Thanks, Mark. 
Ruth Porat: And on your second question, Brian, we are really pleased with the operating performance in the second quarter. We've been saying for some time that we are focused on revenue growth ahead of expense growth and achieved that for the first in some time, and that is cost of sales plus operating expense overall. And we do remain very focused on durably reengineering our cost base. There are a lot of stream -- work streams that are in flight, and I mentioned a couple of them in opening comments. This remains a major priority as Sundar and I both commented on. 
Ruth Porat: Just to underscore, when you ask the point about impact, one of the places Sundar and I have discussed quite a bit is landing well the 2024 capital plan and the multiyear plan and completing all of the very important efforts we have underway. We're excited about what they mean, setting the company up well to be able to invest for long-term growth. And so we're continuing to execute against those. And then I think Sundar summarized it well. We see technology can make such a difference in the lives of so many and there's lives of economies. And to be able to focus on the impact on economic growth and the opportunity for people, for organizations for countries, I think, is a privilege. I'm really excited about it, in particular, with this amazing company. And so focusing there as well as the investments that we make across Alphabet to drive economic growth globally across numerous sectors. 
Ruth Porat: In terms of CapEx, I tried to lay out sort of the cadence of CapEx, and the point was an important one that the sequential step-up in the second quarter was lower than anticipated for the 2 reasons I noted: one, the work that we're doing around office facilities; and then the delays in certain data center construction projects. That's why we wanted to be really clear that we do expect elevated levels of investment in our technical infrastructure, and that would be increasing through the back half of 2023, consistent with the comments we've made previously that we expected 2023 to be higher given the slower start at the front half of the year and then continuing to grow into 2024. And the primary driver of this, as you know well, is to support the opportunities we see in AI across the company, including the investments that we've already talked about, proprietary TPUs, all that we're doing with GPUs as well as data center capacity. And as we continue to see the pace of innovation accelerate, we just want to make sure we're positioned to address the opportunity across Alphabet. And to your -- the other part of your question, when we look at real estate optimization, that's one of many work streams that are important when we talk about durably reengineering our cost base to create capacity for investments and support long-term sustainable financial value, and we're continuing to work against that. 
Ruth Porat: So we -- I don't think we commented on that. And yes, in the second quarter, GCP growth was above the growth rate for Cloud overall. 
Philipp Schindler: Yes. Look, I can't comment on others, but our focus continues obviously to be helping customers through whatever uncertainty or complexity they're facing, and a lot of companies are focused on profitability, driving efficiencies, and they're carefully evaluating the effectiveness of their budgets. And our goal is really to help them maximize efficiency and drive strong ROI.  And I think we have the proven AI-powered tools and solutions to actually do it. I called out Search and Other revenues being led by solid growth in the retail vertical. We talked about the DR and brand side, on the YouTube side. I think those are the key points I would make. 
Philipp Schindler: Yes. Look, this is a great question. AI is a foundational component that really allows us to help users, advertisers,  [ publishers ] and partners at scale. And we've been on a journey for years, right, to take the key components of advertising, whether it's bidding, targeting and creatives as well as innovation, frankly, in the core advertiser and publisher experiences and improve them dramatically through AI. And Performance Max is an example of how all this comes together at scale for advertisers. They provide us with a business goal set of assets, and we can then take care of the rest to meet consumer demand and really deliver on advertiser ROI. And as you heard it at GML, we've seen over many quarters, we continue to build new AI features really on top of this. I think I talked a bit in my prepared remarks about where we're taking some of our products from a gen AI perspective. And if you take a look at some of the things we announced there, it's fair to say, whether you look at our revamped asset creation flow in Performance Max, whether you look at Automatically Created Assets, whether you look at Product Studio and so on, then we're on a right path to deliver some really exciting new innovation in automated -- let me call it, asset creation in the broader sense. 
Philipp Schindler: Look, as I said earlier, generative AI is supercharging new and existing ads products with really tons of potential ahead. And we're really helping advertisers here make better decisions, solve problems, enhance creativity. And I covered this earlier. For example, we launched a new conversational experience in Google Ads, the asset creation flow. In PMax, I mentioned the automatically created assets, the Product Studio and so on.  When I talk to customers, they're very excited about AI and understandably have some questions. One of the top questions is, for example, what's the next best step I should take. And this is a key reason why we launched our Google Ads AI Essentials, which was a big announcement at GML. It's a checklist of simple steps customers can take right now to unlock the power of AI, and it has to do with the foundation of data and measurement. It has to do with taking action with our AI-powered products and really is a mindset shift to set up organizations for AI success.  So those are just some of the examples. If you extrapolate those going forward, those are some of the examples where I see a lot of upside apart from the points that Sundar already mentioned. 
