Ruth Porat: Thank you. In my comments, I meant to note that the gap between mobile and desktop continues to [Technical Difficulty]. And with that I’ll turn it back to Ellen.
Ruth Porat: Thank you for that question. First I do want to clarify one thing in my comments on CPCs, I meant to note that the gap between mobile and desktop continues to narrow obviously an important trend wanted to clarify that. So look in terms of headcount in data center capabilities and what that does for us. As I said in our view, our infrastructure is one of the most strategic assets that we have and as we talk about what happened in the second quarter it reflects the fact that there can be some variability in the cadence of spend and so while overall capital intensity was lower in Q2 than in prior year and prior quarter, that’s a more an issue of how spend is faced during the year but the main point as we do computing capacity as a strategic asset it provides us with the flexibility necessary for growth. And as I try to convey as well obviously it’s a priority to achieve efficiencies were possible and particular given some of the newer opportunities that we have. And so we are just beginning the 2016 budgeting process quarter that is prioritization but it really has been about strategic flexibility and the underlying strength of all that we do.
Ruth Porat: And so with respect to expense management obviously a lot has been done on expense discipline has been discussed on calls for a number of quarters in. And I think it’s fair to say proper resource allocation stretches across OpEx and CapEx and it’s about prioritizing our investments and ensuring that we’re being efficient and effective with our spend. To be clear, the priority is revenue growth and we have a breadth of opportunity, but pursuing revenue growth is obviously not inconsistent with expense management. And so as I noted we’re just starting the 2016 budgeting process, in my experience the best way to slow the rate of growth in expenses is to work closely with business leaders really anchored in data, so together we can identify ways to prioritize resources and really continue to extend the discipline that we’ve talked about. And given my early conversations with our business leaders, I look forward to this exercise over the next couple of months and we’re very engaged with it. Great, operator we’ll take our next question.
Ruth Porat: So starting with your question about cash which – and whether we would issue debt, I think, the way I look at that is you’re talking about overall efficiency of balance sheet and how are we using the balance sheet and I’ve slightly broadened the question more than what you did, but at the end of the day, our focus – my focus is maximizing shareholder value over the medium to long-term and that is about how effectively are we using our balance sheet where we investing and that could theoretically be a part of that. But if you step back as I’ve looked at it and the key issue is what do we need for working capital? What do we need for CapEx? What do we need for M&A? What do we need potentially for capital return? How does one think about financing the various opportunities that we have and I would say it’s early days, it would be premature to be more specific than that. But given this profitability of our business we have many opportunities given the growing mix of our business, we have opportunities, I would say allocation decisions are mutually exclusive, allocation can obviously change as opportunities evolve. But as we look at it, we have a breadth of opportunities, again I think it’s premature to be more specific on that at this point.
Ruth Porat: So as it relates to distribution TAC, sites TAC dollars are up modestly year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter and that’s what I would really focus you on its the dollar change and obviously you know the 12%, but that’s a good thing, because with those TAC dollars comes revenue. As a remainder TAC includes payments made to search distribution partners is distinct from YouTube and Play content acquisition costs, which are in other cost of revenue. So looking at this on a percentage of revenue basis, what you are seeing is the impact of YouTube revenue growth, sites revenue was up. But the associated content acquisition costs are reflected in higher other cost of revenue not in sites TAC.
Ruth Porat: Hey, Mark. As you noted, it is early days but the way I view any assessment of a return on capital for my prior answer regarding balance sheet efficiency is really in the context of maximizing stakeholder value over the medium to long-term. And with return of capital it gets into the context of, how do you prioritize and allocate cash after an appropriate reserve for working capital amongst the CapEx, M&A and then potentially that capital return. And as I said, the allocation decisions are mutually exclusive, the profitability of our business gives us many opportunities, but the main point is to date the weakest return on investment here has been in our core search business including mobile search as a result of both smart M&A and CapEx. Here M&A, we built a lot of the growth engines today, YouTube and DoubleClick are great examples. Again this underscores the power of smart targeted acquisitions. We also have a strong track record of investment in new products as you know well and the infrastructure to support explosive growth, our tech infrastructure I've already commented on is really unparalleled and we do view it as a great strategic asset and we’ve invested in it substantially over many years. So trying to gauge whether or how capital returns fits in, it’s premature to do that and it’s really looking across these various potential uses.
Ruth Porat: And then as it relates to the second part of your question there are really two good stories here given the importance of search. Mobile CPCs up and desktop CPCs not declining so the gap is narrowing. On the mobile side as Larry said before with respect to desktop it took time to fully develop the pricing model and we remain focused on building the mobile ecosystem to have the right ad formats and measurement to take advantage of all the platform ads to offer features like estimated store visits, app install, the rengagement ads, cross device conversions are all part of this strategy. And then on desktop, the business continues to grow. It remains a good contributor to overall results as we announced that the AdWords performance Summit in May ongoing developments in rich and useful ads that work across all screams including desktop, enable us to deliver the right answers for our users in the right moment in other words, ads format that accelerate time to conversion on both mobile and desktop and that’s what’s really narrowing this gap here.
Ruth Porat: Let’s see, the industries are different, but as it comes to our business Google operates in a very competitive environment, there are many windows on to the web, choice, competition, investment are all going up, not down and we do look forward to continuing to work constructively with the EC to address any concerns they may have and regulators generally.
Ruth Porat: Sure, so let me take your first question – first part of your question first. In terms of overall kind of the framework for thinking about our businesses broadly, I think a valuable framework to use is one that Eric and Larry have referred to for many years, namely the 70/20/10, 70% resources on the core 20% on adjacent areas, one point that included Chrome and Android and they are now in the core but it would include things like cloud and then 10% in additional new exciting opportunities in really sizable markets like Viber or what we’re doing with Google Life Sciences. And so in discussing this with Larry its clearest objective has been to instill within the culture this mission to drive not just important innovation associated with our core business but also to look for as he call them revolutionary ideas, big solutions that can meaningfully contribute both to making peoples life better into the next big revenue and earnings growth opportunity for Google. And my take is that Larry gives the 70/20/10 as an instructive framework he is also noted how hard is it to reach that 10% on these big new revolutionary ideas, because it’s tough to get people to tackle big difficult new problems and start pursuing incremental change. So human nature sort of provides a limit on how big that final bucket would be the new opportunities and I think the other point to consider is the Google’s core business continues to deliver strong growth. So to achieve 10% in the big new areas means continually trying to reach 10% of an even larger number. And the framework keeps us focused on big ambitions across the company but given the success of the core business I think its fair to say the 10% is a stretch goal for now and it’s a way to think about resources which hopefully helps you fill in a bit there. And then the second part of your question if you could repeat that.
Ruth Porat: Well, you’ve covered a lot of it, the U.S. growth really reflects the fact we have diverse set of products that are doing well, we had strengthen core search particularly mobile, we had strengthen YouTube and programatic as Omid talked about. So it’s really the breadth across a number of different products that deliver the results that you are talking about, that we are talking about here today.
Ruth Porat: You know I think with respect to the first part of your question, we thought it was important to be clear that this gap is narrowing and to give you a sense of some of the mix issues within CPCs. So mobile, CPCs strengthening desktop not declining, YouTube remains lower, but we’re seeing real strong growth in TrueView. And so it’s just really to try in dimension that if you think about what’s going on with the mix change. And then as it relates to expenses, what I was trying to convey there is that we – in the second quarter had a bit of a digestion period here on the back of the substantial investment spend that we’ve had and I would say in terms of – if you kind of think about the second quarter in that context, there can be some variability in the cadences spend. And so a part of it as we’re talking about the CapEx here is how spend has phased during the year, I wouldn’t suggest that we’re talking about – as the way you frame the question, this multi-period given the sheer scope of opportunities that we have. So as I said again with the front-ends with respect to both CapEx and OpEx, we’re just beginning the 2016 budgeting process. We’re very focused on prioritization, but I was trying to give you some context for what was going on in the second quarter. And then as it relates to OpEx in terms of the back half of the year, there are seasonal fluctuations that do typically impact operating expense as well. For example, headcount usually picks up in the third quarter with new grad hire starting and our marketing expense also tends to be weighted towards the second half of the year. So again I was trying to give you a sense of what’s the cadence as you’re thinking about the year.
Ruth Porat: And then in terms of the second part of your question, I think, it’s important to help our stakeholders understand how we think about key drivers of the business and how we manage the business, providing what I call a framework for understanding the momentum in the business, our investment choices, our capital allocation decision making. I’m committed to being direct with you. I won’t give you competitively sensitive information, but my goal is to help you understand the business as well as possible. And in my view it’s our obligation to pursue activities that maximize value over the long-term and doing it in a disciplined fashion. And the point I'm really trying to drive here is I aim to create a framework that helps you understand where we’re going. So you’re asking what we think about breaking out any particular business, I’m trying to understand how best to provide more insight into the drivers of the business and beyond what is currently provided and it’s really too early to be more specific than that.
Ruth Porat: So I think there was three parts to that question. In terms of the revenue growth in YouTube, Omid hit a number of them, but we continue to have strong growth there and it really does reflect as he said the sheer volume of users we have over a billion users. And those users are spending more time watching and watch time growth continues to accelerate now up over 60% year-over-year, the fastest rate we’ve seen in two years and we do view watch time as most valuable measure of engagement. And it does reflect the ongoing improvement in ads quality with more users also choosing to watch more TrueView ads not only do we have a huge user base that’s highly engaged, but data points like the fact there are more 18 to 49 year olds on mobile YouTubes and watching cable TV today really underscores the opportunity here. And our focus is the opportunity to get larger budgets, move to YouTube. And then in terms of the profitability question, as you know we don’t breakout profit by product and we view our technical infrastructure as a core strategic asset that supports products across the company, I have already said that on this call that is an important point. It is fair to say that much of the network expenses that supporting YouTube, it’s a large user of capacity and our ability to serve high quality HD video on demand around the world is unparalleled. From the users’ perspective, YouTube is a great example of a multi-device platform with high usage on both desktop and mobile. We have one ad team that works across our various products and when we work with the largest ad partners globally, we’re selling a total package. Omid’s comment on some of that, not surprisingly if you take our top advertisers, they all advertise across all our products, not necessarily the same rate, but we have a single team working with them to close the differential. We do view that as a great opportunity. And the goal, to give just a bit more color on how some of our assets and technical infrastructure and ad sales team benefit a number of our different products across the company. And then I think you slipped a third part in there on the status of – that kind of the CPC trends and YouTube TrueView pricing, so I will disclose out on that. CPC pricing on YouTube for TrueView ads, ads that users choose not to skip is lower than on CPC pricing on desktop and mobile, but YouTube TrueView ads represented a larger percentage of our overall clicks, so had a greater impact on CPCs. And this is really about the tremendous growth in YouTube views. And not – you know again, when we see the real uptake here and the extent to which users are choosing to watch more ads given our effort around ad relevance and quality, advertisers want to reach these audiences. And our focus is on the opportunity to get larger budgets move to YouTube.
Ruth Porat: Thank you. Okay, and with that, I want to thank everyone for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Omid Kordestani: Thank you, Ross. Our performance really reflects the fact that we have a diverse set of products that are doing well. We have strength in core search obviously and in particularly mobile, YouTube and programmatic we’re seeing a lot of strength. We saw a nice pick up in a number of verticals in Q2 coming off weather-related weakness in Q1. And this quarter we’re seeing retail and travel being stronger verticals in search. As to the second part of the question, I have Ruth to address that.
Omid Kordestani: Sure. It’s a good question and in fact that’s one of the areas that I really focused on after I came back and, it is a suite of products that’s we are very proud of and working well for advertisers and what we like to say internally, as we like to have one Google represented to the customers so that in these conversations with them we really understand their objectives and really in the classic sense of the funnel you know we can start from the brand journey from the beginning to purchase across, search display video and then as you know we recently brought cross-device measurement to DoubleClick. So, the focus is really on all aspect of this journey online to store we’re showing how mobile ads are driving actual store visits for advertisers and your Brand Lift studies we’re showing brands in real-time how their ads are performing, we done over 10,000 Brand Lift studies on YouTube campaigns alone. So its we really just excited about having this full suite now and being able to have the full coverage of this customer acquisition journey from branding all the way to conclusion of a transaction.
Omid Kordestani: I’ll start and hand it to Ruth. So its – I think it’s really combination of all of the strength of YouTube coming together it starts with having over a billion users nearly almost one-third of all people on the internet everyday watching hundreds of millions of hours on the services and that creates billions of views and as Ruth mentioned the growth in watch time on YouTube accelerated in this now up over 60% year-over-year the fastest we’ve seen in couple of years. And I think we are doing it also much better job with our products in our sales force to not only deliver for the creators on YouTube and do a better job of helping them monetize their contents and at the same time, then highlighting that success to programs like Brandcast where advertisers, agencies see that dynamic audience and service and then with the advertising products be able to then show them the real benefits of advertising and the ways that they can measure its effectiveness. So it’s really all the pieces coming together for us and obviously we have a lot of work to do and we see still a lot of opportunity to enhance the service. So, I think you will see a lot of innovation coming from us both on the service front as well as on the advertising products.
Omid Kordestani: Sure. Thanks, Eric for the question. We’re really focused on connecting retailers to consumers across screens and also reducing this friction involved in finding and purchasing products. All including local products and stores. So that entire journey and all the aspects of commerce is a great area of focus for us. And as users begin to – as they search, start their searches on mobile phones, we are continuously trying to find ways to improve their mobile shopping experience. And as shopping experiences on these smart phones become easier and we focus on improving mobile conversion for advertisers. We are seeing great benefits from that, we just announced purchases on Google, for example, the smartphone only feature of the product listing ads an example. And again all of these are really for us the building blocks to help in reduction of that friction and bring the expertise we have and that understanding the immediacy, the local nature of these searches and understanding conversion and how to kind of put it all together for users, and for advertisers and machines.
Omid Kordestani: Sure, I’ll have Ruth take that second part. On the first part on this online to offline conversion efforts, we obviously know that mobile activities are influencing offline behavior and we’re very busy investing in new dynamic products that help bring mobile users to stores. We’re seeing strong results from clients using our tools to bridge this digital and physical world. And great adoption of local inventory ads, which help advertisers promote their store items to nearby shoppers. So again that’s how the whole cycle of usage of smartphones and the immediacy come together. And then we’ve created way for advertisers to measure the impact of these ads on store visits. So just to give you a couple of examples, Target, one of our advertisers found that mobile search ads greatly influence in-store store sales and using our store visit data they found that a third of their paid search ads resulted in a user visiting a target store during 2014 holiday season. So we love to continue working with them and other advertisers to show the results and then build on that. Florida department store working with us found that 63% of their mobile influenced sales take place off-line. And so more and more we’re doing these studies, we’re putting the tools together for these advertisers and our partners, the merchants and finding ways for them to really quantify these benefits and just scale these programs for everyone.
Omid Kordestani: I’ll take the first part. So Yahoo is currently testing search results and adds some number of partners including Google as one of their options. And they have options to use search services and search ads across your properties and you may see our ads. And so it’s a standard agreement and many other publishers use our Web search and AdSense for search. We look forward to working with them and hopefully having a good performance for them.
