Sundar Pichai: Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. After hard year, people in some parts of the world are beginning to rebuild their lives, businesses and communities. But recovery is far from uniform across the globe as the tragic scenes in countries like India and Brazil remind us. We are continuing to help support public health officials in their vital and urgent work. Our focus is on providing authoritative information. We are helping over 100 government agencies and non-profits worldwide, distribute critical information and billions of PSAs about COVID-19 and vaccines, and Google Cloud technologies powering a virtual agent to help make vaccination appointments over the phone, supporting 28 languages and dialects for those with limited internet access. We are focused on doing our part to help. In some parts of the world, the economy began to rebound, which created a rising tide in the first quarter that benefited a number of sectors, including existing and emerging companies and partners. For example, data suggests that investment in startups is at an all-time high. Our product releases are returning to a regular cadence. I am particularly excited that our developer event Google IO is back this year, all virtual and free for everyone on May 18th through 20th. We will have significant product updates and announcements and I invite you all to tune in. Today, I will briefly mention a few highlights from the past quarter and go a bit deeper on Cloud. Then Philip will discuss advertising and partnership developments. Finally, Ruth will cover the quarterly results. Quickly turning to product highlights of the quarter. Our knowledge and information services like Search and Maps remain at the heart of our mission to provide helpful and accurate information during important moments.
Sundar Pichai: And Doug on Waymo, John is stepping down our CEO and it’s been -- he’s been planning for this transition, and Dmitri and Tekedra have been working closely with him. And so, we will continue our investments there. Pretty excited that the fully autonomous experience of Waymo One is available in Phoenix and we are also accelerating the development of our next-generation Waymo Driver to deploy it in San Francisco. And this past quarter, Waymo had begun limited rider testing in San Francisco. And so really focused on making sure we make the hard technical progress, so that we can operationalize this and so we will continue as executing towards that.
Sundar Pichai: Colin, on -- thanks. Obviously, as we are thinking about AI, it all starts with foundational R&D we do. I think we are one of the largest R&D investors in AI in the world. And so thinking ahead and doing that and we are doing it across all the foundational areas and we are taking many diverse approaches. So as we make breakthroughs, I earlier spoke about transformers and how that translated as BERT to improve search quality. And similarly we are very committed to taking the AI improvements and bringing it through our GCP offerings to our enterprise customers as well. So it’s an approach we are deeply committed to and we are thinking as it -- at all layers of the stack. So this is why you see us work hard on TPUs and we think about the tool chain for developers on top of all that. And so -- and I think if I look at the progress ahead, I think, there’s a lot more progress coming down the pipe and so I am pretty excited and that’s why I feel Google -- GCP will be differentiated over time as our competitive advantage. Philipp, over to you.
Philipp Schindler: Thanks, Sundar, and good afternoon, everyone. It’s great to be joining you again today. We are pleased with a strong growth in Google Services revenues in the first quarter. Year-on-year performance reflects elevated consumer online activity, broad-based strength and advertiser spend, and lapping of the initial impact of the pandemic on advertising revenues that began in March last year. In the first quarter in Search, we saw sustained strength across most categories led by retail. We also saw strong performance in tech and CPG. In YouTube, we had phenomenal growth driven by Direct Response, followed by continued strength in brand. We have seen great momentum in TrueView for action ads, with a number of advertisers using the format doubling over the past year. In Network exceptional growth was driven by AdMob and Ad Manager with particular strength in app campaigns. Google other revenues were driven by growth in Google Play and YouTube’s non-advertising revenues, followed by hardware. I would now like to take a few minutes to dive deeper into the trends we are seeing in our business. As Sundar touched on earlier, the pandemic is evolving in different ways across the world. Some countries are in advanced stages of reopening, others are facing reacceleration of cases and there’s everything in between. It’s never been more important to help businesses navigate the pandemic as circumstances change. On travel, we are starting to see a renewed interest from users as they turn to Google to plan their next trip, even before they are ready to book. Every travel partner is looking to understand where demand is going and we are helping them find these opportunities through insights and automation.
Philipp Schindler: Yes. On the YouTube side, let me start with our Direct Response business, growth was truly exceptional this quarter. DR was practically non-existent on YouTube a few years ago and it’s now a large and fast-growing business and we are just getting started in my view. People already, as you know, go to YouTube to decide what they want to buy, and we want to make it easier for them to buy and make the discovery process overall a lot easier. And for creators, we launched new shoppable capabilities. So viewers can actually make purchases from their favorite creators directly on YouTube. Just as an example, as part of our Brand Connect program, Calvin Klein tested these and drove over. I think it was, 200% lift in brand search and sold out multiple products actually. For merchants, they can now bring their product feeds directly into their video campaigns and I think we are still scratching the surface on what’s possible really with commercial intent on YouTube. And then there is, of course, the opportunity to be a major platform for brands. Historical approaches to reaching audiences through, let’s just say, call it, linear TV don’t really work anymore. Advertisers are using YouTube now to reach the audience they can’t find anywhere else. And remember, more 18- to 49-year-olds are actually watching YouTube than all linear TV combined and brands are also seeing more incremental reach on YouTube compared to TV. So we are starting to see advertisers by a mix actually of awareness and more action-oriented formats. They are driving reach and results across the funnel from awareness to consideration to action. So we see a lot of really interesting opportunities here.
Philipp Schindler: Yes. Thank you. Thank you so much for the question. I usually look at the different components of Search as basically four key drivers. The first one obviously being the queries, so are we really the best place for users to turn to when they need information. The second one is, I would call it, as coverage. So what percent of coverage is really commercial and then what percentage are we actually covering with ads. And then we need to ask ourselves, do both of these have upside. The third one is click-through rates or individual. At click-through rates close to being optimized, is there more we can do it here by just delivering better creative, better ads, better answers, to what extent can we deploy next-generation machine learning here. And then the last one is obviously the CPC, right? How much is someone willing to bid for click on their ad and this is obviously to a large extent driven by the quality of traffic we are sending, and then conversion rate is a big driver of this. So we are working very closely with our partners, advertisers and so on across the world to help them optimize their conversion rates and their O/I. Those are really the four big components and I am excited about all four of them actually.
Philipp Schindler: Yes. And on the Shopping side, look, it’s been a year since we brought Bill onboard, Bill Ready and we pivoted our Shopping strategy to better support retailers and consumers, trying to really build an open retail ecosystem and we are pleased with the progress we are making. As you said, free listings and zero commissions have actually lowered various online retail. Shopping ads continue to be a powerful way for retailers to promote their products and the combination of free and paid is a meaningful one. We had a set of new partnerships with Shopify and PayPal that are giving retailers a lot more choice. And we will continue to simplify the, let me call it, end-to-end user and merchant experience, of course. In particular, we are trying to streamline and working hard to streamline the back-end experience for merchants, especially for hybrid retailers. So, retailers that play in both brick-and-mortar and in digital. And overall we want to make it much, much easier for retailers to get started on Google and have their information appear across surfaces and I mentioned overall strength in retail before. So thank you.
Philipp Schindler: So, I can take this. I mean a lot of the new advertisers that you are referring to are obviously SMBs and there is no doubt that this has been a challenging year for SMBs. The pandemic has disrupted how many of them connect with their customers. But frankly, the pandemic has also been a catalyst for key consumer trends. Obviously, creating a lot of new opportunities for small businesses, and obviously, consumers are spending more time online. They are buying more online. They were willing to try new brands and they are eager to support local businesses, SMBs. So searches for support local businesses are up significantly since last year and we have been focused really on helping SMBs with simpler tools, so they can actually embrace digital a lot faster. And that’s where we have really invested over the year, making everything simpler. We had a very wide range of solutions to help them get online, get discovered across all of our key product, Search, Maps, YouTube and so on. There is multiple, multiple fascinating stories from them coming back to us and we see this positively reflected in our rates here as well.
Philipp Schindler: Yes. And on your first part of your question, look, we are looking at our business from a very global perspective and are excited about it. Keep in mind, we are not just addressing above the line marketing budgets from an addressable market perspective, so not just traditional advertising, TV advertising and so on. Below the line budgets are really significant, everything promotional pricing, product placements, sponsorships and so on and so on. So there is this massive acceleration in e-commerce due to the pandemic. Still more than 80% of commerce is still offline. So there is a huge opportunity here across the world for us to tap into those other budgets. There are really traditional use in a very different context. So there is plenty of room for growth here and I talked about how we look at it from a query’s perspective from a commercial instant -- intent perspective. We are trying to use machine learning really smartly here. But the real focus in the end has to be, how do we actually make our partner successful, how do we drive incremental ROI for them and as long as we continue this well, I think, we should continue to see budgets move our way as well.
Ruth Porat: Thanks for the question. So in terms of Cloud and overall performance, I think, the main point I would say is, I wouldn’t extrapolate generally from quarter-to-quarter, given we are still in the early stages of building the business. We do intend to continue to invest meaningfully in Cloud given the opportunity. And so, as you said, there were a couple of things that benefited margins in the quarter, both the depreciation expense item, but also lapping the unusually high allowance for credit losses that were recorded back in the first quarter. So, the main takeaway is we are continuing to invest. We will invest aggressively in products and go-to-market where we have talked about quite consistently over time. And it’s much as operating losses and operating margin will benefit from increased scale over time. At this point, we do remain focused on investing to build the organization for long-term performance.
Ruth Porat: So, overall, what we indicated is the strong results reflect, in part lapping the impact that we saw starting late in Q1 of last year and then a pickup in a number of areas. I think the main thing we would want to leave you with is that, we are seeing, in part an acceleration in the shift to digital, but it’s too early to forecast the extent to which these changes in consumer behavior and advertising spend will endure. There are some obvious examples, if you think about, for example, the bump in consumption for things like outfitting your home to work-from-home, obviously, that doesn’t repeat. And so our main thing is that we think it’s premature at this point to really assess that how durable this consumer behavior trends are.
Ruth Porat: Yes. Nothing more to add. Philipp had a couple of comments about some of the areas where we are trying to innovate to be helpful to our partners, but beyond that nothing to add.
Ruth Porat: In terms of your question on efficiency, appreciate the question. I think, at the highest level, the approach is unchanged. Our approach on investing capital allocation is first and foremost to support long-term growth with financially sustainable businesses. It’s about being sharper within product areas and then making sure we are investing. And what I keep referring to is operational excellence, things like our technical infrastructure, systems to improve productivity, to improve velocity of our product teams and then the very important efforts around privacy and security and content moderation. And I think, to your question, the experiences of this past year underscored really the value of having made those investments to protect and support operational excellence. It really served us well and customers in our ability to deliver throughout this period of time. So that framework is unaltered. I think that part of what you are seeing in the first quarter, I have said it a couple of times now, but are some notable items in the quarter. The lapping of the allowance for credit losses, the benefit from depreciation life and then there were certain things that were due to COVID just the lower impact for things like T&E and marketing. And so the main point is we will continue to invest for long-term growth, so that in both areas, Google Services and Cloud, and we will continue to maintain that framework that you referenced about looking for efficiencies where they are, but ensuring that we can deliver for users and customers.
Ruth Porat: So, in terms of CapEx, I think, I will address two parts. You asked about office facilities, but I do think it’s important to know, we are continuing to invest in our technical infrastructure and that’s what you saw again here this quarter and we will continue to do so to support growth that we are seeing in Cloud, in Search, in Ads and machine learning, no change there. So you will be seeing that. But the core of your question was really about office facilities and I think it’s -- we have been very clear, we do value bringing people together in the office and we are looking at a hybrid work-from-home/work-from-office model. As we look forward at developing our real estate footprint for offices, what we factor into it is, first, we are growing our headcount, we are looking at less density per employee. So even with a hybrid work environment, we will continue to need space and so we are continuing to build out our campuses and office facilities. What you saw in the first quarter was a slightly slower pace for that and a slower pace on fit-outs, as well as we are evolving what does the space look like. But we expect to continue to pick up the pace there as we fit out our spaces for this kind of a new re-imagined environment. So we will continue to be investing in campuses around the globe as we have been.
Ruth Porat: So in terms of overall on Network revenues, as I think I noted briefly in opening comments, what we are really seeing is the ongoing strength in advertiser spend, both Philipp and I talked about that. Particularly what we saw was AdMob and Ad Manager, and particular strength in app campaigns. And all of this just underscores what each of us commented on that. The results do reflect what was broad based strength across our partners’ properties in the first quarter.
