Patrick Pichette: Thank you, Nikesh. So Jamie, if you want to give us the instructions please to get going on the Q&A please. I’d appreciate it.
Patrick Pichette: Why don't I jump on the next question, so on the issue of expenses, look our expenses in Q2 were completely in line with the objectives we set for ourselves. In general, we continue to exercise financial discipline and module our product profitability. But it's on that basis that we recognize the significant opportunities that are ahead of us. And with the view to the long term, we continue to invest significantly and intelligently to fuel these opportunities. The fundamental issue is as I've said a number of times on previous calls if you want to hire X amount of people you have a target for the quarter or for the year. And they come in sometimes a bit over, sometimes a bit under but the real question is, are you still on the right trajectory for the long-term you're shooting for. So that's really the issue between Q1 and Q2.
Patrick Pichette: So why don't I jump in on the first one. Clearly mobile has some effect of it and we've talked about that in the past, so it's just one of the many factors that are at work. I just gave the list and the property mix obviously and the channel mixes includes a bunch of mobile shifts as well and that's part of the equation clearly for sure that drives both sides of the equation. And I just want to remind everybody that it's always kind of dangerous to just look at CPCs by themselves or just look at paid clicks by themselves, but in fact it's a combination of the two that gives you the health of the business and these mixes move all over the place depending on the number of changes going on in any quarter, but overall very pleased with the overall performance. On headcount, I'll lend it to Larry to jump in.
Patrick Pichette: Carlos, I'll take the second one related to Google Fiber. Just out of the context for everybody, we have been on the record to say that we're running Google Fiber and excited about it and we'll always have profitability as one of the key criteria for this opportunity. And in terms of kind of metrics, they should be just aligned with any sound business that's in that domain of access which is a combination. At first actually it was interesting because the question was, how successful was going to be the product and then – so meaning how many people would kind of want to take it? And then the second – we've been obviously very pleased by our results in Kansas City and now the announcements of the other two cities we've made since then. And then there's all the regular metrics you can imagine which have to do with cost of infrastructure, cost to serve and then how they grow into a profitability model. So there's no real rocket science in the financials of it. The real kind of magic occurs with the definition of the product, the innovation on the technology that the teams are pushing and what makes Google Fiber 100 times faster than the next best thing. That's really what we're really focused on. So I hope that answers your question. And let's go to the next question, Jamie.
Patrick Pichette: Yeah, so for the first part, I’ll answer the first part of the question Doug, and then Nikesh will answer the second part. Clearly the network deceleration, I mean that’s why we kind of made the comment last quarter about the DLA and policies and it's clearly having an impact as now we’ve had a number of partners that have through Q1, Q2 have all been notified and have made the changes to their behavior. So these policies are now coming into compliance and as a result of it, right that you see the impact. But we really believe that this is a really good thing for our users. And into the long-term it will really benefit both the users at Google, so that’s the core elements of what's going on there. And then for the second question I’ll let Nikesh jump in.
Patrick Pichette: So let me jump in Anthony on the first part and then I’ll let Larry answer the second. We don’t give the details of the different categories of depreciation by for our assets. But you can imagine that as we build these, the data centers and the computers clearly data centers have a long lifetime because if you think of them as land, electricity, power, building shelves, like cooling towers, all that technology has much longer useful life. And then the computers themselves, the machines, the servers have a much shorter lifetime and we track all those by categories obviously. And clearly there is a relationships between that and our depreciation rates that have been -- between that and that’s been climbing over the last few quarters. But there’s nothing magical about it as well. I mean it's just basically, what you’d expect by category. On the second question, I’ll let Larry answer.
Patrick Pichette: That’s very much so, and so on the second part of your question, Mark I think with the quality -- the forceful quality around our policies, I mean they will take a year to flow through. I mean once you've kind of reset the bar then it actually – by the time people have kind of adhered to these new changes but then you have to actually navigate through the entire year-over-year effects which will probably take a couple more quarters. And that's just a timing issue. Having said that, I just want to remind everybody again that the fundamental issue that we see is its really important for us to actually have a great user experience. And Susan and her team's kind of pounded this by making changes on a constant basis to make sure that at the end of the day there is that [smart bout], the quality of the user experience and the quality of the ads because in the end that's what really drives the benefit in the long term. So, when we have to hit – take some hits in the short term in order to actually get the right answer in the long term for our users and our advertisers, we're always ready to do them and that's a great example of it. So, we're actually not too worried about it. We have so many other areas that we just talked about enhanced campaigns, CLAs and so many other areas that offers us kind of opportunities that we just got to keep this in balance. Thank you for your question, Mark. Jamie, let's go to our next question, please.
Patrick Pichette: Heather, I'll just jump on your very last question about FX related to CPCs. As I said in my comments, there's actually a marginal effect. I mean FX was not a big factor this quarter. I mean it has been a little bit for the UK as I mentioned but for the rest of the world, it has not been a major impact for the CPC issue. Thank you for your questions, Heather. Jamie, let's go to our next question, please.
Patrick Pichette: Thanks, Justin. Again, a topic that's for financial analysts have been always kind of top of mind. I just want to kind of reiterate kind of some of the basic messages that have not changed and how we think about this. So first of all, we care about revenue growth, we care about profitability, we care about both. And I've said this before, right, we're not in a business to lose money, cross subsidize or any of these things. So regarding margins we really look at every incremental profit dollar that creates shareholder value and really focused on these profit dollars rather than the percentage margins. Many of the new opportunities that we may be exploring whether it be hardware, whether it be Play, whether it be – many of these will have different margins in our core business, but they actually offer great kind of – huge revenue pools, huge margin pools in absolute dollars and then create much shareholder value and in many cases with Larry and the product area leads, great synergistic value between the products to create this great experiences. So, that's basically the mindset that we apply at it and we track them independently and together and make sure that we actually deliver continued revenue growth and profit growth. So that's the mindset which we apply. And don't read in my comment that we're not focused on our core business. It remains our core business. The core is the core is the core, and it continues to give us both revenue and oxygen profits to kind of fuel our growth as well. So that's the balanced answer to your question.
Patrick Pichette: I wouldn't comment on a specific product by product, but it's clear that if there are timing issues, if there's a product that actually isn't in investment mode, right, and at the beginning of its investment curves, you know that you're actually investing in it for the timing of future profits. We do that too. I mean you can imagine our very first customer in Kansas City, right. The P&L for that day was negative, but that's not why we did Kansas City, right. We did Kansas City because we know as a city was going to be very profitable, so there is clearly products that have because of the timing investment movements that actually show – will show negative, but not because we want them to be negative just because of where they are during investment phase. So that's how we think about it. Thank you for your question. Jamie, let's go to the next question, please.
Nikesh Arora: Thank you for the question. I think it's fair to say that over the last nine months, we've had to do a super Herculean task to take millions and millions of campaigns, as Larry mentioned, 6 million campaigns that we've had to work with our advertising partners to go ahead and convert them towards enhanced campaigns. And we've had some amazing insights both working with the advertisers and as well as our teams. As many advertisers have discovered that there were not addressing the mobile opportunity appropriately, they discovered new inventory, they discovered better ROI and better conversion. Of course we had disobeyed the conversion analytics who work across every scheme and be able to be made available to all of our advertisers. So, we believe that as we get more and more – as we get better in terms of being able to provide more targeting and more comprehensive ad solutions for mobility and across all screens that the ROI should continue to improve. So, I'm very optimistic in the longer term because we believe mobility provides more context to advertisers in terms of where the users are, where they've been, which will allow for more accurate advertising which is almost like as good as information for them. So if that begins to happen we think the advertising ROI continues to increase and hopefully that means good things for search budgets.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah, thank you Patrick. I think it's important to understand as I said that improving convergent rates for us requires us to do a lot of things. One is we have to understand the cross device behavior better. We have to understand the cross device convergent being build. People can start to search in one device and conclude it in another device. These opportunities did not exist in the past and would also focus on one screen. In addition to that, as we talk about mobility we start to understand the context of the users a lot better as I said. Where are they? Where have they been? What could their search possibly mean, when they’re searching for, when you’re in a car parking lot you’re searching for other car dealership that gives us a very different signal than if you’re sitting at your desk and searching for a car. So all those attributes, all those factors need to go in into creating better targeting, better advertising for our end users so that, that actually helps to increase our line for advertisers and hopefully ROI for us in the longer term.
Nikesh Arora: Hi, Heather. This is Nikesh. Thank you for your question. I think and let me step back and say first of all it's as Larry mentioned and Patrick mentioned, it is an existential requirement for us to take out advertisers and move them to a campaign strategy which allows us to move them across multiple streams. So this wasn't something that is just a remedy imperative, it's an imperative from a simplicity perspective, from an advertiser return perspective and also from the way our teams operate. So, we have spent the last six months migrating over 6 million campaigns, as I mentioned, and we'll probably be done by the end of this month which is not too far away. As you can imagine that we've been focusing and moving these things across the board, so we're still looking at the full impact since the impact has sort of graduated over the last few months. Now in terms of what the impact of this should be in the longer term, as I mentioned earlier the impact in the longer term should be that we should be able to provide simpler, faster, better ads to our advertisers across multiple streams. In terms of when you should be able to see effects of these things, now obviously there are effects that we see and we monitor and we take a look at, but it's for us to go out and start detailing what the impact these things are. But of course in the long term, it should have a positive impact on conversions and as a result all resulting metrics that affect conversion.
Nikesh Arora: As Larry mentioned, we are trying to get the user experience to be better and better. And as we've talked in the past, things are moving from 10 blue links to entity level search where people are searching for specific entities and they expect a response as a specific entity when doing that search. So think about PLA in the broader context, that when people search for something they like to get the answer. And if it's a product they're searching for, of course PLA has satisfied that requirement. So we are signing up tens of thousands of merchants who want to share that data with us, who want to make that data visible as part of Google Search. So we think this is a good thing. Again, as we provide more and more PLA information, obviously it has an impact on peoples clicking on those links. So in the long term that should have a positive impact on fixers on various ad formats, but for now it's too early to talk about the impact of those with the overall numbers that we have.
Nikesh Arora: Thank you for your question, Brian. Jamie, let's go to our next question. We have time for a couple more.
Larry Page: Yeah, thanks Ben for the question. I think we've been an early innovator in smartphones and we've been really excited about starting Android when no one really thought it was going to be interesting. And I think it's always a mistake to assume that technology will be static. So I think assuming over the long term, we're going to have new kinds of devices and ways of interacting with computing and the internet. Obviously, we're excited about Google Glass and new ways of interacting with hardware and new types of hardware. With any technological change you probably overestimate the short term and underestimate the long term. So I think we're really excited about making those investments. We're making sure we're positioned to live the future and that's why I won't be using Glass because I feel like every time I'm using Glass, I'm living that future. That's really, really exciting to me.
Larry Page: Yeah, Mark, I don't think we've seen any significant change in the short term on hiring. I think we're lucky that we have really great people in the company and more great people want to work with us. We've been able to buy smart companies too where we get great people and I don't see any major changes now that's been changing. I also think retention for the company has been great. People are excited to work here. They're excited to work on important things and make the world better. We're able to hire some of the best people in the world and I think that's been continuing and it's pretty stable.
Larry Page: Yeah, that's a really great question, Carlos. I think that's our main job is to figure out how to obviously invest more to achieve greater outcomes for the world for the company and so on, and I think those opportunities are clearly there. You know as we've seen in the past with things like Chrome and Android and I've talked about them a lot. I think that execution and velocity, I talked about a lot too. It's pretty easy to come up with ideas, it's pretty hard to make them real and get them to billions of people. And that for me it's so exciting about being at a company like Google, so we get to do technological innovation at scale and get it out to on the scale of the whole world, to billions of people. But I wish we can just snap our fingers and accomplish that. There's actually lot of hard work and it takes a lot of great people working really hard to make that happen. We're working every day to improve our processes, improve our leadership and improve how we're organized, and to make that all go faster, and that's why I'm come into work excited every day and I think why we're most proud of it. I wish we could snap our fingers and do – just do a tremendous amount more instantly, but throughout its hard work to scale and that's what we do.
Larry Page: Yeah, thanks for that question Scott, I think -- I am not sure the detail of the Gmail rollout. I’ve been excited to use it and I think it's a really great experience. I think we’re doing a lot to improve peoples experience on Gmail. I’m not sure we have a huge number of users on Gmail that’s growing quickly and we’re really, really excited about it. And obviously there’s some things around email experience that can be improved and we’re doing a lot to organize commercial offers and things like that, make sure that you’re not getting overwhelmed by spam and so on. And I think those have been great very user positive features enrolling out. I think in terms of automated cars I mean I think again that’s a very early stage thing. I think I’m very excited about it. I think it has potential again to have tremendous impact on people’s lives on our mobility and so on. And I think nothing has changed about that, we’re super excited about it and working hard it's very early stage project obviously. And then there is the last part of your question, I mean I think it's hard to predict exactly when these things will be commercial. My question I always ask is, why aren’t you doing it today? So we try to reduce whatever roadblocks that we can, take anything out as quickly as possible and I think now I think there’s great opportunity there.
Larry Page: Yeah, it's a great question I think. I think I am very, very exited to see. I mentioned the Project Loon or the automated cars, I think a lot of us are making sure that our employees and Google as a Company has the permission to do important things, and those things always start with a small group of people. They’d start with one or two people and then 10 people and so on, and those people can get a lot of things done. So I think probably I’ll measure out the Company in that way is we’re able to start up new and important things and make traction on them, and that’s the only way we end up with things like Android and Chrome those were once those kind of projects. So, I look at it kind of a portfolio thing. For some number of people that like to work on crazy things that are going to really change the world and want to deal with 10 other trends and work hard on them and kind of make sure we’re creating those opportunities and growing them into things that become Gmail or Android or Chrome, lot of things like that. And so I kind of look at it across the portfolio and I think we’re doing quite well and I’m pretty excited about it.
Larry Page: Yes, that’s a great question. I will also say maybe one sentence and turn it over to the other guys. I think it's important to keep in mind like enhanced campaigns are the largest change we made in AdWords ever, and it was done pretty quickly, and so I think we’re still very, very early stages with that. We changed tremendous amounts for how our teams operate, how our advertisers operate, how everyone buys those ads, what the users see, and we’ve done it pretty well. It's been pretty smooth which I’m really excited about. But, like I said that’s the early stages of a very, very major change. I think we’re very pleased with how that’s going.
Larry Page: Thanks for the question, Gene. I think nothing about what we've said has changed and we operate Motorola independently. As you can see in the level of work that's going on there to operating that business, I think teams are doing a great job as we mentioned. I think they're working hard on making a great product. And I think we're really excited about it. I think they're excited about it and obviously you'll get to try it out pretty soon.
Larry Page: Are you talking about I guess the people have been speculating about marketing and so on. And I think that obviously we’re going to – we’re operating Motorola independently, running it much the same way we would run any business like that and I think we’re doing things that are normal for that business. I think probably too much has been the made over those things.
Larry Page: I want to thank everyone for spending so much time with us today. And we will see you on next quarter.
