Ruth Porat: And then in terms of the second part of your question, AI has been so much a part of what we've been doing for quite some time that there are a number of different ways to answer it. One is, as I noted, we have a number of efficiency efforts underway, and one of them is about using AI and automation to further improve productivity across Alphabet. That being said, we already have AI in a lot of what we do, for example, in the way we operate and run the finance organization. It's helpful in a lot of the analytics that we use. And one of the exciting things for us is the opportunity then to share that with Cloud customers.  And Sundar just noted what we're doing within Google Workspace. We obviously all live on Google Workspace. And so that's another example of how we benefit internally from the productivity from AI, but it's also something that's available for users and enterprise customers more broadly. And then finally, one of the areas that we've talked about is the opportunity with our compute capacity and all that we've done there and the infrastructure innovation which, again, is helpful internally for what we do but on behalf of our customers. 
Ruth Porat: And in terms of CapEx, we do now expect that total CapEx for the year, for 2023, will be modestly higher than in 2022. And I tried to point out that we're expecting a step-up in the second quarter, and that will continue to increase throughout the year. And as we discussed last quarter, AI is a key component. It underlies everything that we do. And we're continuing to invest in support of AI, support of our users, advertisers and our Cloud customers as we're commenting on here. And then as we talked about last quarter, the increase in CapEx for the full year 2023 reflects the sizable increase in technical infrastructure investment and, on the flip side, a decline in office facilities relative to last year. 
Ruth Porat: So in terms of the cloud question, the point we're trying to underscore is there's uncertainty in the economic environment. And so we saw some headwind from slower growth of consumption, with customers really looking to optimize their cost given that macro climate. I'll leave the forecasting to you on that. But as both Sundar and I commented on, really pleased with the momentum that the team has been delivering and the breadth of what they've been working on. 
Ruth Porat: And then in terms of just longer-term profitability, I think I'll broaden out your question somewhat because the way we're looking at it is we continue to be committed to investing for growth, and we want to ensure we have overall capacity for growth. And so we have a number of work streams underway to, as we keep describing it, durably reengineer our cost base. And in particular, what we're excited about are long-term opportunities with AI and we want to make sure we have the capacity to continue to invest there in the other areas where we see long-term growth in Search and Ads, Cloud, YouTube, hardware. And so that underscores our efforts to build in additional flexibility.  And as we have said repeatedly, we want to ensure that expense growth is not growing out of revenue growth, and that means driving revenue growth and really being as disciplined as we can on these various work streams that we've discussed earlier in this call and last quarter as well to improve our expense growth trajectory. 
Ruth Porat: And in terms of our OpEx trajectory, yes, there was the elevated expense and OpEx from the $2.6 billion in severance and office space charges. There was also a $988 million benefit from lower depreciation due to the change in useful lives, but that obviously is an ongoing benefit. And there was also, as we noted in our earnings release, a benefit from the shift in timing of stock-based compensation from the first quarter to the second quarter, so a little bit of complexity there.  But at the core of your question, we remain extremely focused on these various work streams that we've talked about. It starts with the pace of hiring. It goes to the various work streams that both Sundar and I referenced around using AI and automation to improve productivity, all that we're doing with suppliers and vendors to be as efficient as possible, all that we're doing around optimizing how and where we work. You've seen some of those announcements this quarter beyond the workforce reduction, things that we're doing in, for example, office services, and we're executing against each of these various work streams. So our view is that there's more to do. And as we try to be clear, we're in execution mode. You'll see some of the benefit in '23, you'll see more of it in '24 and we're going to continue building against it beyond. 
Ruth Porat: It was a bit hard to hear you. You were breaking up. So I think I'm going to start and address what I heard as to the second question, as we're looking at higher cost of capital in this environment, how does that affect the way we're looking at Other Bets. Hopefully, we heard you correctly. It was crackling. Look, I think as we've talked about repeatedly, as it relates to Other Bets, our focus is to use deep technology to drive innovation, and we're very focused on the pace of investment and financial returns. That has been a consistent focus to generate attractive returns. And I think the core operating models and the long-term operating models are going to be the most relevant as we're looking at the returns we can generate.  Yes, absolutely mindful of the higher cost of capital, but I think, at its core, we're looking at what's the value creation and the return on those. And as we indicated when we went through the reduction in force, we similarly worked across the Other Bets. And some of them, as they're on a path to ongoing growth, we were moderating what is the expense trajectory there as we're looking at what's the overall return on invested capital. And we're continuing to work on these to make sure that we're delivering value. And your point is an important one, that's part of a broader question about the underlying operating assumptions. 
Ruth Porat: Yes, why don't I just -- I'll take both of those. So in network, really, it's a continuation of what we talked about last quarter. We saw the ongoing pullback in advertiser spend. And I would contrast that last quarter, we talked about both a pullback in YouTube and Network, and we were pleased that we saw the stabilization in ad spend on a sequential basis in YouTube. We still saw ongoing pullback in network, which tends to be a mix of businesses, as you know well.  And then in terms of Cloud, I tried to make that clear in my opening comments as well. I think it's a really important question. We are very pleased with the Q1 results. And as both Sundar and I noted, we're intensely focused on all elements of the cost space and the long-term path to attractive profitability. At the same time, and I think at the core of your question, what we were trying to convey is we will continue to invest to support long-term growth, in particular, given the opportunities we see delivering AI capabilities to our customers. So as I've said in the past, you shouldn't extrapolate from quarter-to-quarter, but we are very pleased to be at this level and are continuing to focus on profitability and long-term value creation here. 
Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Doug. Obviously, we have launched Bard as a complementary product to Search. But we'll be bringing LLM experiences more natively into Search as well. I do think, first of all, we'll be rolling it out in an incremental way so that we can test, iterate and innovate. So I think we'll approach it that way. I think overall, I think it can apply to a broad range of queries. So I think I'm excited that it can allow us to better help users in a category of queries, maybe in which there was no right answer and they are more creative, et cetera. So I think those are opportunities. But even in our existing query categories where we get a chance to do some heavy lifting for the users and use AI to better guide them, I think you will see us exploring in those directions as well. It's early days, but I think there's a lot of innovation to come.  On the cost side, we have always -- cost of compute has always been a consideration for us. And if anything, I think it's something we have developed extensive experience over many, many years. And so for us, it's a nature of habit to constantly drive efficiencies in hardware, software and models across our fleet. And so this is not new. If anything, the sharper the technology curve is, we get excited by it, because I think we have built world-class capabilities in taking that and then driving down cost sequentially and then deploying it at scale across the world. So I think we'll take all that into account in terms of how we drive innovation here, but I'm comfortable with how we'll approach it. 
Sundar Pichai: Maybe I'll -- look, I think, these dynamics have always been around. It's important to remember. As far as I can remember, we've always been in a competitive environment for these deals. And while I can't comment on the specifics of any of our partnership agreements, what has served us well is always, first of all, building the best product possible, focused on giving value to users.  And when we work with our partners, we work hard to create a win-win experience. And ultimately, partners end up choosing us because that's what their users want. That's always been what's helped Search be widely distributed. So I think it all starts with continuing to innovate and improve Search and making sure we are leading there. So I think we've always approached it very robustly over the many, many years, and I'm comfortable that we'll continue to be able to do so. 
Sundar Pichai: So first of all, throughout the years, as we have gone through many, many shifts in Search, and as we've evolved Search, I think we've always had a strong grounded approach in terms of how we evolve ads as well. And we do that in a way that makes sense and provide value to users. The fundamental drivers here are people are looking for relevant information. And in commercial categories, they find ads to be highly relevant and valuable. And so that's what drives this virtuous cycle.  And I don't think the underpinnings over the fact that users want relevant commercial information, they want choice in what they look at, even in areas where we are summarizing and answering, et cetera, users want choice. We care about sending traffic. Advertisers want to reach users. And so all those dynamics, I think, which have long served us well, remain. And as I said, we'll be iterating and testing as we go. And I feel comfortable we'll be able to drive innovation here like we've always done. 
Sundar Pichai: Thanks. I'm quite excited by bringing the 2 world-class teams, I think, of both Brain and DeepMind. Their collective accomplishments in AI over the last decade have really set the stage for this moment, and so both getting access to pool talent so that they can work together in a coordinated way and definitely will help us pool our computational resources, too, which is going to be critical and will help us build.  The core product is obviously building more capable models safely and responsibly and doing it -- taking into account all the capabilities our customers need, both on the consumer side and the cloud side and being able to iterate and getting that virtuous cycle going. So you already have seen us put out PaLM APIs, and we are incorporating PaLM across our products, but we'll continue that progress, and we'll keep you posted as we do. 
Philipp Schindler: Yes, on the Shorts side, look, Shorts viewership is growing rapidly. We announced 50 billion plus daily views on the Q4 earnings call, up from 30 billion last spring. We're pleased with our continuing progress in monetization. As I said earlier, people are engaging and converting on ads across Shorts at increasing rates. Closing the gap between Shorts and long form is a top priority for us as is continuing to build a greater creator and user experience. Ads on Shorts are now available via video action app, Discovery and Performance Max campaigns and via product feeds. Shorts also are shoppable.  Again, we're the only destination where Creators can produce all forms of content across multiple formats and screens with multiple ways to make a living. And as Sundar said, last year, the number of channels that uploaded to Shorts daily grew over 80%. And then in February, we brought revenue sharing to Shorts via our YouTube Partner program. Our sustainable revenue sharing model at scale remains pretty unique in the industry, and we continue to see strong creator adoption. So ultimately, our goal is to make YouTube the best places for Shorts viewers and Creators. And that's really what we're focused on right now. 
Philipp Schindler: Yes. On the first part, again, it didn't come across quite clearly, but I hope I understood correctly. In Search, revenues grew modestly year-over-year, again, reflecting an increase in the retail and travel verticals, offset partially by a decline in finance and media and entertainment. So excluding the impact of FX performance, it was actually similar to last quarter. The ongoing performance of Search, notwithstanding the headwinds, reflects really Search's resilience with the, I'd say, ability of Search to surface demand and deliver a measurable ROI in an uncertain environment.  I called out the key verticals in the quarter. There's really no additional color on other verticals. I'd say, maybe more broadly, what we saw reflects what's being reported elsewhere. And across the headlines, many companies are very focused on shorter-term profitability amidst this uncertainty and some pulled back ads budgets as well. 
Philipp Schindler: So retail is an important vertical and driver for us, and I called out the year-over-year increase in retail and Search and other. I also talked earlier about the macro climate and how we've established we can really drive value for retailers, even in challenging times, whether it's online, off-line, both. We're helping them drive their business goals, meet customers wherever they choose to shop. Maybe a little more, some key trends here, retailers are increasingly focused on maintaining margins and driving ROI right now. PMax, Broad Match are key levers providing more incremental conversions, while insights on bids and budgets are really helping retailers identify opportunities for growth and efficiencies across our suite of products.  I've talked at length on prior calls about omnichannel. Our local and omnichannel solutions are helping bridge the gap here between online and off-line by using AI to reach nearby shoppers, promote local inventory fulfillment options, optimize in-store visits and sales, for example. And then to help really retain loyal customers and acquiring new ones, we have YouTube app deep linking. And new customer acquisition goals in PMax are helping here, making checkouts easy with tools like virtual cards. And Chrome is obviously important. So those are just some of the key points. Overall, we're giving retailers really the best, I hope, AI-powered tools and solutions to maximize reach and ROI and really create a seamless experience, including, where possible, on the payment side for their customers, and this will continue to be our focus here. 
