Sundar Pichai: Thank you, Jim. And good afternoon, everyone. It’s good to be with you. Today, I'll give an overview of the quarter, going through some of our product momentum, then touching on Cloud and YouTube. First, I want to acknowledge that the new COVID-19 variants have been challenging for so many communities across the world. As the pandemic evolves, we want to help people get the information they need to keep themselves and their families safe. I really encourage everyone to get the vaccine when it's available to you. Turning to the quarter, we saw a rising tide of online consumer and business activity. We are proud that our services helped so many businesses and partners. In fact, we set a number of records this quarter. This quarter, publisher partners earned more than they ever have from our network. We also paid more to YouTube creators and partners than in any quarter in our history. And on top of that, over the past year, we have sent more traffic to third-party websites than any year prior, in addition to generating billions of direct connections like phone calls, directions, ordering food and making reservations that drove customers and revenue to businesses around the world that are working to get back on their feet. A few years ago, we placed a bet on AI believing that it would be a fundamental technology that would underpin and dramatically improve all our products. That vision was on full display at our I/O event in May where we announced new advancements that will be helpful to people and businesses everywhere. As one example, we introduced Multitask Unified Models or MUM. MUM is a big advancement in Search, a thousand times more powerful than our current systems. It has the ability to learn and transfer knowledge across 75 languages, which means that it can learn from sources in one language and help bring that information to you in another.
Sundar Pichai: Yeah. Thanks, Doug. I would say, overall, as you realize, it's a broad digital shift, customers are looking for digital transformation. And depending on the sector they are in, they look to Alphabet as a digital partner, and we try to bring the broader solution set that's possible across our capabilities, and that's been working well. You mentioned Cloud, most of our Cloud customers are either in conversations with us. It could be because they're concerned about security on their supply chain or they're trying to understand the shift to digital and invest more in data analytics. Or the shift to hybrid workforce is what's probably getting them to think about Workspace and so on. And if they are retailers, we can bring in our expertise across ads, the work we are doing on commerce to be - with the partnerships we have, and so we can bring those additional expertise to bear. And so that's a trend we are seeing across. Philipp gave examples of our telco partnerships. And so across our priority verticals, we are able to engage in a broad way. And maybe the recent Google-wide partnership with Univision was another example of a multiyear, multi-product partnership with companies.
Sundar Pichai: On security and cloud, we definitely see it as a strong differentiation. Obviously, Google for a long time. We are cloud native. We pioneered approaches like Zero Trust, built the architecture out from a security first perspective. And so particularly over the course of the last couple of years, as companies have really - with the recent attacks, they really started thinking deeply about the vulnerabilities, supply chain security has been a major source of consensus, particularly over the past few quarters. Cyber threats, increasingly, is in the mind of not just CIOs, but CEOs across our partners. And so it's definitely an area where we are seeing a lot of conversations, a lot of interest. It's our strongest product portfolio, and we are continuing to enhance our solutions, be it integrating Chronicle, BeyondCorp and all the product components we have there. So a definite source of strength and you'll continue to see us invest here.
Sundar Pichai: On Waymo, as you mentioned, in our - in Phoenix, we've had very good experience by scaling up rides. These are driverless rides and no one else in the car other than the passengers, and people have had a very positive experience overall. We are obviously with a strong focus on safety. We're looking to scale it up. Through it all, we are building newer capabilities as well investing in next-generation of hardware and software. So it's an iterative process, and at each step, it's very clear to us that we are ahead, and we are making progress, and you'll see us continue to invest here, with a focus on safety first, and I expect this to scale up more through the course of 2022.
Sundar Pichai: You know, on the first question on the smart TV ecosystem. Look, I mean, there is a shift to these becoming computing devices over time. They are going to be connected computing experiences. People who both consume content passively, actively, including gaming, over the top video and so on. So we view this as part of our platform shift. Android TV has made tremendous strides. It's a very customizable platform. We are working not only with TV providers globally, we are doing it with cable box manufacturers, as well as we supplement it with Google TV, with Chromecast as well. So it's a significant investment from our side, making sure we can drive that shift. And obviously, it has a lot of synergies for us in terms of being able to bring our services to our users, as well as give more opportunities for our Play developers to reach more users as well. But definite strong integration points with YouTube and YouTube TV as well.
Sundar Pichai: Look, at a high level, we - multiple parts to your question. Obviously, we are very focused on - we have a mission. We have an approach of being helpful across certain important attributes. And we do deep investments in computer science and AI to build services. And out of that, naturally, there is diversification over time. When you look at YouTube, is contributing to that. You look at Cloud, and within Cloud, we have both GCP and Workspace contributing to that. And longer term, we have efforts like Waymo as well. Beyond that, as both Philipp and Ruth have spoken about, with this digital shift, we see a lot of headroom in terms of where market for either advertising or e-commerce, and so we see a lot of headroom there as well. So we take a long-term view. We start from first principles to its focusing on both investing in deep technology and solving user problems. And out of that, I think you have a set of diversified models that emerged, both different types of businesses. And also within a business, for example, in YouTube, we have both ads and subscription over time. And so I think we'll continue approaching it that way with an eye for the long term.
Philipp Schindler: Thanks, Sundar. And hello, everyone. It's great to be with you today. We are pleased with the growth in Google Services revenues in the second quarter. Year-on-year performance reflects elevated consumer online activity, broad based strength in advertiser spend and the lapping of the first ever revenue decline in our Ads business last year due to COVID. In the second quarter, retail, again, was by far the largest contributor to the year-on-year growth of our Ads business. Travel, financial services and media and entertainment were also strong contributors. Let's now take a few minutes to talk about the trends we've seen across our business. Over the last 18 months, we've been deeply focused on helping businesses, big and small, navigate profound change. First, as a lifeline during the pandemic, and now, as a partner to reaccelerate growth as the world begins to reopen. The road to global recovery is likely to be uneven and unpredictable. That's why the real-time insights we've put in the hands of businesses going into the pandemic will be just as important coming out of it. New tools like Travel Insights, which launched in the US this month after rolling out to select countries in APAC and EMEA in December, are helping our partners get a clearer picture of where demand is coming from.
Philipp Schindler: Yes. And to my part of the question, look, we want to make sure that when people come to Google, they are able to basically find the best products and prices available from, frankly, the widest possible range of merchants. And we're making strong progress under Bill's leadership. And as I said earlier, 2020 was about removing financial barriers. We made listings free, removed commission fees. And it's worth pointing out the upside of combining free listings with shopping ads actually. Merchants that used both in Q1 saw a 50% lift in clicks once they started, I think that's pretty impressive. 2021, as I said, has been about removing integration barriers. We have the partnerships with Shopify, Square, BigCommerce, GoDaddy, WooCommerce and so on. And they're making it easier for businesses to get started with us, whether it's across Search and Shopping and image search and YouTube. And then once merchants are onboarded, I mean, there's so much more value we can offer them. We launched a new measurement tools to help retailers better understand performance and pricing. You asked specifically a question about focus areas. And then we're making the product and user experience better, not only with our UI/UX research feedback with our tech and AI capabilities. And maybe a cool example is how we're using AR to bring in-store experiences online, like with auto dealerships, and then letting users really try before they buy. And we do this in cosmetics and in apparel categories. And we have the shopping graph, which I mentioned earlier. We think it will open up completely new product experiences across Google. Shopping with Lens is one example. You can shop your screen shots or use your phone camera to find the dress or pair of sneakers that caught your eye or whatever. And we're working hard to build an open retail ecosystem, and that really levels the playing field for all merchants, and we think there is a lot of opportunity ahead. And I think those are our biggest areas of focus.
Philipp Schindler: Yeah. And to the first part of the question, similar to what I said in my remarks at the beginning, retail was again, by far the largest contributor to the year-on-year growth of our ads business. Travel, financial services, media entertainment were also very, very strong contributors.
Philipp Schindler: And on the second part of your question, look, momentum is really strong across both our brand and direct response business on YouTube. Maybe let me start on the brand side. The global shift to online video and streaming continues, with over like 2 billion monthly active users now, 1 billion plus hours of video watched every day. I think we're at the forefront of this shift. And advertisers have increasingly needed to look beyond linear TV alternatives to achieve their reach and awareness goals. And as I said earlier, Nielsen total ad ratings reach reporting has found, on average, 70% of YouTube's reach was delivered to an audience, not reached by the advertisers TV media. So not only are we driving improved reach, but we're also helping brands do it more efficiently. And as a result of this, you see many advertisers re-evaluating the media mix and increasing their investments in our platforms. And as far as the direct response part goes, we're helping advertisers convert intent into action. We try to drive performance at an incredible scale. Take an example like with video action campaigns, which is our next-generation TrueView for Action format. Advertisers are getting access to even more inventory across YouTube and our partners, all in a single automated campaign. And as I said before, we're working really hard to make YouTube not only more actionable, but also more shoppable. So YouTube is proving to be meaningful for not just brand building and reaching a massive audience, but also for converting viewers into buyers. And what's nice is that we're seeing more advertisers leveraging brand to create demand and direct response to convert it. So they're basically using the funnel very, very smartly. And then to the second part of your second question, the YouTube TV ads, for example. This part, we're really trying to bring the - well, connected TV is - let me phrase it from a connected TV part. I think that's easier. It is really the fastest growing consumer service that we have. And that growth started before the pandemic and has frankly solidified since. And in the US, we have over 120 million people watch YouTube on TVs every month, and that's up from like 100 million last year. We're number one in reach and watch time among ad-supported streaming services. So we're very, very happy with the development that we're seeing here.
Philipp Schindler: Yeah. Look, there's a ton of commercial intent across YouTube, and it was a shopping destination before COVID. I mean, think un-boxing videos, product reviews, make up tutorials and so on. And throughout the pandemic, we've really seen more shoppers turn to the platform for ideas, inspiration and really help them decide what to buy. And a number of shopping capabilities' already underway, and we're working really hard to make it easier for users to discover and buy directly on YouTube. And I mentioned how a merchant can globally add their product feeds now right into video action campaigns, and brands and shoppers alike are loving it, and we've also done beta testing this, for example, with Discovery Ads. And last quarter, I mentioned how viewers can make purchases from their favorite creators via early experiments with brand connect and shop with product shelves, and early adopters are seeing a lot of success here. So stay tuned for more updates later this year.
Philipp Schindler: Look, new businesses, small businesses are the backbone of our economy here. But obviously, local communities are in varying stages of recovery. Some are reopening, while others are, unfortunately, returning to lockdown. And we're focused on continuing to, I would say, level the playing field for SMBs here. And from getting them online and, frankly, set up for success, you're giving them all the digital tools they need to get discovered and be ready for what's ahead. This includes the ability to like seamlessly transition between online and offline and reach customers nearby, far beyond their local neighborhoods as well. So over the past few months, I mean, literally, just the past few months, we've made it easier for SMBs to show their products across Google for free, and we added new ways for them to highlight in-store inventory through local inventory ads. And we've also made it easier for them to leverage the power of YouTube. They now can create video ad campaigns literally within minutes via their smartphone. And these are just a few examples of the ways we're helping. Plus, also interesting trend, people are more eager than ever to support their local small businesses. Searches for support local business are up like 20x last year in the US alone. And this is creating a lot of opportunity for SMBs overall. And I don't know, take an example, like Ayla Beauty  for example, it's a San Francisco beauty brand. They made 100% pivot to online during the pandemic. And with insight into popular wellness and beauty searches and Google Ads, has been really able to grow their business significantly over the last year.
Philipp Schindler: Look, maybe rather than go into the deep dis-aggregation that you're talking about. Let me maybe talk a little about how we think about the overall market for Search. In the addressable market, in the last call - last quarter, I gave you a little bit of a breakdown here. But what is really important is we're not just addressing above the line marketing budgets, which is different metrics around, let's say, around $0.5 trillion  which is traditional advertising, TV advertising and so on. There is also significant upside in below the line budgets overall, like promotional pricing, product within sponsorships and so on. And sure, we've seen COVID accelerate the shift to e-commerce at an astounding rate, but keep also in mind, 80% of commerce still remains offline. So there's a lot of room for digital to play a bigger role, and we think we can tap into other budgets that were traditionally used for, let's say, local advertising to drive sales. And as we think about our long runway for growth, we also think obviously about improving user and advertiser experiences for years to come here. And we're constantly asking ourselves how do we drive better answers to queries, including those with commercial intent. And how do we use our ML to deliver even more relevant and higher quality experiences for users. And our primary focus is really on delivering great experience for users and driving incremental value for our partners and making them successful. And I think as long as we do this, we should continue to see budgets move our way.
