Sundar Pichai: Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. This quarter, our performance was consistent with the broader online environment. It's also testament to the investment we've made to improve search and deliver a highly relevant experience that people turn to for help in moments big and small. We saw an improvement in advertiser spend across all geographies, and most of verticals, with the world accelerating its transition to online and digital services. In Q3, we also saw strength in Google Cloud, Play and YouTube subscriptions. This is the third quarter we are reporting earnings during the COVID-19 pandemic. Access to information has never been more important. This year, including this quarter showed how valuable Google's founding Product Search has been to people. And importantly, our products and investments are making a real difference as businesses work  and get back on their feet. Whether it's finding the latest information on COVID-19 cases in their area, which local businesses are open, or what online courses will help them prepare for new jobs, people continue to turn to Google search. You can now find useful information about offerings like no contact delivery or curbside pickup for 2 million businesses on search and maps. And we have used Google's Duplex AI Technology to make calls to businesses and confirm things like temporary closures. This has enabled us to make 3 million updates to business information globally. We know that people's expectations for instant perfect search results are high. That's why we continue to invest deeply in AI and other technologies to ensure the most helpful search experience possible. Two weeks ago, we announced a number of search improvements, including our biggest advancement in our spelling systems in over a decade. A new approach to identifying key moments and videos, and one of people's favorites hum to search which will identify a song noticed based on the humming. We also announced that bird a huge breakthrough in natural language understanding that we introduced last year. Now we improve results for almost every English search query. We are also investing in improving the shopping experience in search to help people find the best products and prices available from a wide range of merchants. We recently added easy to see price comparisons to help consumers know if they're getting a good deal.
Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Eric. Good questions. On search, you're right, today, particularly with mobile and ambient computing, that is, you having access to computing across other form factors. I think information both you go looking for it and there are times, it's important that you have relevant information at your fingertips. So I do think about it as a holistic user journey. And obviously, in search will continue to evolve Discover has been very good in terms of Discover and YouTube both play a role in making sure people are getting relevant information. And, I think for us, it's important holistically, we're meeting users information needs and out of which, the monetization opportunity also works as well. So long -- this is why, be it, Discover or be it how we pick up on YouTube, all of that matters for us. On your second question on our hardware, I'm excited about the, we are doing some deeper investments in hardware, which, which are some of it take students for years to come together. And so, excited at the terrific roadmap ahead. I think we have definitely shown that Pixel 4a Pixel 5, clear value proposition, and we'll build on that. You know our portfolio, you know, we are thoughtfully thinking about what are the important form factors, which matters and we do think about it with the view of fair search and assistant will be important as well. So in many ways, hardware is there to strategically benefit both how we guide the Android ecosystem. How do we make sure information is right there at user's fingertips. And so those are both strategic views we take into it as well, but I'm excited about the roadmap ahead and next year you would see as lean more into some of our deeper investments will come into play there.
Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Heather. A couple things stand out for me, I think it's been a very consistent focus strategy. So the focus on the five major geographies, the four customer segments in the six priority industries, healthcare, retail, financial services, media, entertainment, manufacturing and public sector, that focus and going deeper, and scaling our go-to-market, both in terms of our people, our partner, partners setting, that's been key. The second thing I would say is some of the key differentiators are playing out particularly as we have taken them deeper as unique industry solutions. So going deeper and having solutions and in some of those cases where we are now pricing based on value. I think that kind of deeper play, something I'm very excited about, definitely have strengthen just based on our underlying technology. So we do have differentiation in areas like data analytics, AI, et cetera. So that's been, that's been huge as well. But I'm pleased with the execution obviously, in this there is a time lag between when you hire the sales and when we train and when you enable them to be more productive. And that's the investment Ruth has been talking about. And I can see it ramping, and they can see the results come into play. So credit towards that focus and execution and so looking forward to the next .
Sundar Pichai: I think thanks that standard, first of all, I'm excited that, the set of announcements and progress we've had in the last few months. And obviously, we're really focused on the user experience, and we want to make sure, as a consumer you vide, comprehensive, high quality, inventory and offerings and experience on the platform, our free shopping listings, which we launched in the U.S. is now available in 48 countries around the world.  Additionally, we eliminated commission fees. So for the buy on Google Checkout option, opened the platform up to, you know, PayPal Shopify for integration as well. So that gives rise to comprehensiveness. And we are focused on quality there. In terms of the funnel and behavior, to me, what's interesting is, obviously, search captures the intent of the moment and the breadth of search, I think has been, has been a real asset. And, you know, both you -- as users adapt, advertisers adapt to so you can see that see the dynamic play in real time. But you do see, I would say YouTube is an important platform for ecommerce as well. I can see advertisers in the YouTube of the mid funnel level, even currently, if that's not the intent at that moment, investor, create demand, create interest, and so on. So, for us EC commerce working across the platform, and I think that's an opportunity and then making sure the rest of the experience is good for users is something we are deeply focused on.
Sundar Pichai: And Justin, on the regulatory front, scrutiny is not new for us. And in some ways, it's now sector wide, and not surprisingly, so. We will engage constructively where possible. And as we have shown through some of the past cases, when there is -- we'll be confident about the benefits we bring to our users, we'll make our case where there is feedback or rulings, we'll be flexible and adapt and so we are building that into it. I think while there's a lot on the legislative and regulatory front, as some of this gets resolved, it also creates certainty, and in some cases, clarity and opportunities as well. And so, and so that's the framework with which we approach it. And we'll take a long-term view towards it. And but -- at the end of the day, what's in our control is our ability to relentlessly focus on users and build great products. And that's where most of our energy will go into.
Sundar Pichai: On a Maps and Discover, et cetera, again, I think I spoke a little bit earlier about thinking through more holistically an example where we -- I think worked well as you know, as developers, we're looking to promote apps that are universal app campaigns, you could really reach across and it's a good model to think about recently, for example, to serve small and medium businesses, we expanded smart campaigns to 150 countries and they're a small business owner, you can set up your first campaign, create your first ad in 15 minutes from the from your mobile device. So for me thinking about these surfaces, as you know, we'll do the hard work to make sure the most relevant information gets and thinking about it more holistically. And I think gives us a chance to also engage users in the way they want us to, sometimes when they come looking for it, and sometimes when they proactively want information given to them. And so that's the overall view and I think the opportunity is very exciting ahead.
Sundar Pichai: Yes, Dan at a high level stepping back from it all? We are -- our mission is to provide information, so the competitive environment we faces, particularly with mobile and user looking for information, there's – so many choices they have. And so the question is, you know, making should Google is a relevant way by which they get that information. And, you know, you can imagine when people are looking to buy products, or the competitors that exist, travel, booking hotels or any category you take and so for us that's why I talk about holistically competing and making sure we can provide relevant information is both competition we face for mindshare, and that's the opportunity we have ahead. In terms of specifics of the DOJ case and stuff and confident, you know, we have approached everything, both with the view of making sure we create the best user experience and be -- we really want, we've always built Google for everyone. So we want it to be available on all platforms and be convenient for users to access our services and as part of that partner with other companies in doing so. And so look forward to making our case there. But it's definitely early days. And we're still reviewing an understanding it all. And I'm sure we'll update more as time goes by.
Sundar Pichai: Great, on shopping and YouTube, definitely say, we are on the earlier part of the journey. But we have seen the strength in YouTube for direct response and on a few other categories. And I think the experiences we see there, I think can directly carryover to commerce. And as we build out the experience, so I see that as an opportunity. I earlier also mentioned about what searches currently capturing the intent at that given time, YouTube, advertisers can take a longer term view create brand awareness, create interest, and so on. So that also offers, opportunity. So we today in many, many categories have creators with very compelling content. And I've always felt things work well if you match user interest and it's very relevant to users. And so I think commerce, there is a lot of commercial activity on YouTube organically. And so I see it as a long-term opportunity. On Google workspace, I'm very excited that, we both have strong growth, I mentioned meet metrics earlier, that we saw a peak of 235 million daily meeting participants in Q3 and more than 7.5 billion daily video call minutes. Definitely significant growth and meet as well as our other products like docs drive and chat. But Google workspace also now creates the unified experience and I think we are definitely seeing a lot of interest. And demand there, I do think COVID is really accelerating the future of work. And many of the trends there are, you know, will last through time, and I think gives all of us a chance to reimagine this, what would we imagined? What does collaboration and productivity at scale including people working remotely looks like. And we plan to be at the forefront of that, and some excited for the opportunity there.
Sundar Pichai: On search, as I said, you know, for a long time, we work hard to make sure users can conveniently access us. Most of our partners choose us, because they are the best search provider users find us having the highest search quality. And so there's organic demand for it. And we believe in investing in our experience across all our platforms. And so we are definitely committed to making sure we can serve our users everywhere and we are really focused on it.
Ruth Porat: Thank you, Sundar. We are very pleased by our results in the third quarter, which reflect both broad based increases in advertiser spending in search and YouTube, as well as ongoing strength in our non-advertising revenue lines, in particular Google Cloud and Play. Starting with consolidated Alphabet results, our total revenues in the quarter were $46.2 billion, up 14% year-on-year and up 15% in constant currency. Our total cost of revenues was $21.1 billion up 20% year-on-year, primarily driven by other cost of revenues, which was $13 billion and up 29% year-over-year. The biggest factors here again this quarter were costs associated with our data centers and other operations including depreciation, and then content acquisition costs primarily driven by costs for YouTube's advertising supported content, followed by cost per subscription service content. Operating expenses were $13.8 billion up 1% year-on-year, reflecting both the impact of actions taken earlier in the year as a result of COVID as well as lapping a $554 million legal settlement in the third quarter of 2019. In terms of the three component parts of , first, the deceleration in R&D growth was due primarily to slower headcount. Second, the year-on-year decline in sales and marketing expenses, reflects the planned reduction in advertising and promotional spend that we implemented towards the end of the first quarter. Third, G&A growth reflects the lapping of the settlement. All three categories benefited from lower G&A expenses due to COVID.
Ruth Porat: Thanks for that, Doug. So as I said, as a result of COVID, we did make tactical adjustments to slow the pace of spent in certain categories. And that, that started late in the first quarter. And in part, that's what you see here, plus the impact from the improvements in revenue performance. And we do remain focused on optimizing efficiency where we can, we've said that on many prior calls, but as we've also discussed with you on prior calls, as both Sundar and I noted, today, we are committed to making the right investments to support long-term profitable growth. And I think what's exciting in this environment, there appears to be an acceleration in digital transformation that underscores the importance of the products and services that we provide, and the longer term opportunities. So we will continue to invest to best position us for the long-term opportunity. An obvious example is cloud, we do intend to maintain a high level of investment, given the opportunity we see that includes the ongoing increases in our go-to-market organization, our engineering organization, as well as the investments to support the necessary CapEx. So hopefully that gives you a bit more color there.
Ruth Porat: So overall, we're pleased at the degree to which advertisers really have reactivated their budgets, this in the third quarter, they reacting in part two, I think, evidence that consumers are showing strong demand across nearly all verticals, it's everything from home and garden to computer to work from home. And so very helpful there. And then YouTube's strong watch time growth enables advertisers to reach audience that they can't reach on TV, as we've often talked about. And so they're increasingly looking to ask to help them reach people who are going to YouTube to learn new topics and engage with fresh entertaining content, great, great, unique content. So it's, it's been an opportunity, we're pleased to senior performance in the third quarter.
Ruth Porat: So look, in terms of YouTube, as I said, we are pleased with the ongoing momentum that you see in the revenue line, I think, as we've talked to you about quite frequently, in our ad supported business within YouTube, we do pay out a majority of revenues to all of our content creators, we pay all of the infrastructure and networking costs that's you know, for storing for serving video or otherwise for running YouTube. And that includes marketing, supporting content creators, there's quite a bit more that we think is invaluable for creators in the overall ecosystem to make sure we're creating not only great experiences for users and creators, but really the right overall ecosystem. And we've talked about that in the context of how we invest, protect, content -- protect the content, that people are seeing content, moderation investments we view as really an invaluable part of what we're doing and critically important. So we're continuing to support that do view, the experience that both creators and users have is just really differentiated as a result. And then on the subscription side, we're continuing to build it out, as Sundar noted in his opening comments, both YouTube Music premium and YouTube TV, do you have higher content acquisition costs as a percentage of revenues than YouTube ads, and we are early there continuing to build out that subscriber base.
Ruth Porat: So thanks for that Mark. And when we break out Cloud, and we will be also reporting that is the fourth quarter results, but we'll be providing full year results for 2018 ‘19 and ‘20. We'll be providing not just the revenue disaggregation data that we expanded earlier this year, but we will be adding operating income for each of our segments, which we think is the most relevant data. And the point, that both Sundar and I have underscored is that we are investing aggressively in cloud given the opportunity that we see. And frankly, the fact that we were later relative to peers were encouraged -- very encouraged by the pace of customer wins, and the very strong revenue growth in both GCP and workspace. But we do intend to maintain a high level of investment to best position ourselves. And I kind of went through some of those items that the go-to-market team, the engineering team and CapEx. And so we describe this as a multiyear path, because we do believe we're still early in this journey.
