Nikesh Arora: In terms of brand benefit Ben, I think -- thank you Patrick, thank you Ben. The brand question is a very good question. What we've noticed in the past let's just say 1.5 year is that people have slowly started coming to the digital medium to create extensional the existing brand campaigns like I mentioned the Super Bowl ad. People come to YouTube and say I'd like to read certain audiences which are only available on digital medium hence we see those advertising dollars shifting as an enhancing existing television or media campaigns. Now the real fun will began when people start doing campaigns exclusively on digital to go and help them build brands. That requires us to get ahead of the curve and get into the creative process much earlier because usually what we end up doing now is we get up -- we get to the end of the period of process and they just want to extend their brand. So we're working really hard to work with creative ad agencies, the large agency groups as well as our advertisers say how can we get ahead of that creative process, how can we help you conceive of brand campaigns that actually start and end in digital where perhaps you use TV as an extension medium as oppose to the other way around. Now I think this is definitely the Holy Grail. This is going to take us a level of time to get there, but with things like attribution in place with our deals with Nielsen and comScore we're beginning to create the compatibility saying look the same dollar you spend on television equates to so many dollars on digital or vice versa. The fact that we can give them sort of cross media measurement capability, we can give them comfort that their dollars are being well spent, even spent in digital. We will go long way in making sure that we get them to transition from just using traditional media to including digital in their media mix and eventually designing campaigns that start and end up digital.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah, Doug, I think thank you again for the question. I've had firm belief and I continue to hold on to it that I believe in the medium to long term. Mobile pricing has to be better than desktop pricing. And I think the reason -- the way to think about it is that in mobile you have location and you have context of individuals which you don't have on the desktop. And the more you known about the user and their context, the more effective advertising you can provide to them. The better the conversion is likely to be for a search or any piece of advertising that you do. There's a whole bunch of building blocks that need to come into play for us like you said to get the gap to close. The good news is a lot of people are spending a lot of time on mobile devices. There's a lot of mobile search queries that we get. People are more and more focused about what they look for in mobile devices. They are closer to intent. They are closer to transaction. You see that there's a lot of friction-less ways of paying and converting transactions into commerce which is happening but things like instant buy etcetera. You're also seeing the lot of advertisers seemed through value of making sure that their present and a great experience on the mobile devices. So part of our challenge has been that if you guys just huge massive advertise in the desktop which over the last decade have become better at advertising, Understanding, optimization, understanding conversion, understanding truncation. That journey is just beginning for advertisers in the mobile site. They're just beginning to understand what it takes for the end user to come transact on their website. So like right now we can leave the horse to the water, we can't make it drink. But with all the advertisers coming on-board and working with us, we are actually begging to show them real transactions and asset beings to gain traction. I think we begin to see that gap continue to converge.
Nikesh Arora: And if I can add to Patrick, I think, the important part is, it’s taken us a while to get all the capabilities in place around the world in different markets, making sure we have all the content we need, we have all the app providers we need as well as the we have the payment mechanism. So, we really are excited about the Google Play business going forward.
Nikesh Arora: That’s a good question. I think as I alluded to, we are going to do an upfront in a few weeks in New York City called Google Preferred, which is sort of our way of trying to create a premium sort of concentration of content that we can have advertisers advertise against which gives them a higher level of brand safety, a better level of measurement and hopefully plays where they believe that they can actually build the brands and hopefully that will – that will manifest itself in our ability to have a premium compared to what we can attract to the market without providing those kinds of things. So that’s a very good question. I think that’s what we are hoping to achieve and stay tuned for our detailed announcement of Brandcast.
Nikesh Arora: That’s a good question, Justin. Thank you. Not sure I can give you a lot of detail in terms of precise impacts of any individual products that we have. But, Enhanced Campaigns are working. It’s a necessity that we have to do them both for process reasons as well as the reason that consumers are going from screen to screen as well as advertisers need to advertise across multiple screens. So from that perspective Enhanced Campaigns is working, it’s part of life here. We don’t do anything without Enhanced Campaigns across the board. It’s sort of gone from being Enhanced Campaigns to regular campaigns because we don’t have any unenhanced campaigns anymore. In terms of PLAs, it’s something, as I alluded, is actually working. It’s providing a lot of color in the shopping vertical. It’s providing a lot of hold in shopping campaign effort that we have. PLA is working for us and its sort of working from multiple perspectives. It is providing users the detailed information that they need when they are declaring intent and saying and I would like to search for particular product, please don’t send to me to website. So it is working. We are going to roll that out one, separate time around the world. I cannot comment on the timing exactly. But I think both of those things are having a positive impact in our minds to everything we are doing around here.
Nikesh Arora: Thanks Eric. That’s for the question. I was actually talking about pulling up the article which recently -- were Darren Huston talked about the effectiveness of Google Advertising for price line. I think that’s a public endorsement that all our efforts in the last many years in rather travel industry are actually working. They see tremendous value in our ability to help them bring more travelers to their sites and for them to help convert them into a real transaction. So whatever we are doing is working. I think I am expecting – suspecting that the comments we are talking about is our continued efforts in providing more and more detailed information when people do searches. And as we've talked in the past before that people’s information needs are getting more precise and we have to keep evolving the results at Google, whether its knowledge cards or Google Now all the things that we do towards giving them more and more precise answers, in which case sometimes we are required to go work with various industries to get the underlying data to surface it when the users are looking as opposed to send them to other sites where they have to go through that search process again. So I think you can expect us to continue do that. But our intent there is to provide a better answer for the users, whether it’s on their desktop or mobile devices. Accordingly, we also working together with the advertisers to provide them various advertising opportunities which allow them to work effectively with the end-user and provide them the answers that they are looking for or perhaps in this case the ticket or the hotel booking that they are looking for.
Nikesh Arora: Thanks Peter. Thanks again for the question. I think as you rightfully pointed out the attribution story on the advertising side is kind of becoming clearer as we partner with Nielsen and comScore, and adopted some of the mechanisms that traditional media has used to create the comparability between traditional and internet media. I think you identity a good challenge which is that how do we bridge the gap between online commerce and offline commerce and relate that to advertising opportunity, i.e. when we sell search, we sell traffic to different people, how do we convince them, how do we make them realize that that traffic that they’ve got normally results in online sales, but also results in offline sales at stores and how do we encourage that activity. So over the last many years around the world we have run specific studies, working with various advertisers which are called online to store studies where we actually try and measure what online activity created by them took to control group's results in more foot traffic in their particular stores and certain reasons about. And we've pretty much had very good results across the board. I can't detail specifics right now because they are all specific to individual advertisers who we work with. But we do understand that opportunity and the problem and we work specifically with third-party research teams to work on figuring out how do we keep showing the online to store efficacy. And there are other products as you can see where we start doing conversion, we start looking at things like Google Shopping which also helps us in those areas.
Nikesh Arora: Of course, thanks Heather for the question. I mean, look, there were some very simple things and there are some complicated things. The simple things are, we will make sure that there is payment enablement for users. So i.e. users have a mechanism that allows them to pay with lowest amount of friction, because honestly you and I don’t want to spend our lives trying to enter payment information on a very small screen where you are trying to conduct the transaction. So that enablement is happening across the industry, across multiple payment platforms. There is also the need that when people search for some things they can get quickly down to the information and they don’t have to browse multiple sites, because people are more keen on declaring intent to mobile devices than going and searching multiple websites and trying to figure out what they are trying to do. And that intent could be in the form of restaurant, could be in the form of a taxi, could be in the form of them looking for individual product. And you are beginning to see apps, you are beginning to see solutions on search that allow you to get to that granularity of information. Of course, there is a big building block which is getting all the people out there which shows the advertisers effectively in this case the merchants who actually have to have experience in the mobile site which are simpler to execute on. So try buying something on many companies’ mobile websites and it's more own risk than their desktop sites because they've been spending a decade trying to optimize the desktop site, but they haven’t spent enough time optimizing mobile experience, in some cases not believing that people want to transact with them in a mobile device and some cases they are just slow and they are just slowly diverting resources from desktop to mobile. So, if you take all those things and take the notion that we need to keep sort of working hard towards getting these building blocks in place, I think there's a finite time where these building blocks will come into plays. And as they keep coming into plays, you will see or as we talked about earlier, perhaps the conversion will happen between pricing in mobile desktop. But there's a whole bunch of other issues, I think but those are the big things that we need to think of right there.
Nikesh Arora: I think Colin -- thank you again for the question. The important part to at least acknowledge in the space of cloud computing is we think that it's very, very, very early days. I mean if you think about the potential scope and scale of what this opportunity is, that's pretty much every business which is going to be around for the long-term has to operate in the cloud. There's no efficiency compared to the efficiency of the cloud, but in compared to owning your own infrastructure running it by yourself. So, this shift is going to happen. It’s a matter of every company going through that shift one at a time. And if you look at the opportunities out there and the options, there's very few options. So, there's a lot of room for all of us to have a great time for many, many, many years before we start worrying about differentiation and why my sort of thing is better than yours. So, right now, the key is to be able to work with the companies out there, the enterprise customers out there to get them to shift on the legacy systems, get on to the cloud and realize that Google has been working in the cloud for more than a decade, because we have been running one of the largest cloud computing platforms in the world in the public space. And we have all of the expertise and skills that are required to be able to serve these enterprises and get them off their current legacy system onto the cloud. So, our effort is really trying to work with each of these third-party partners, trying to get them off the legacy systems onto our cloud. I don't think the challenge right now is the need to differentiate. I think our biggest differentiator is we have the most experience in the space.
Nikesh Arora: I guess let me answer the second question first Jordan, because I'm standing here Patrick is looking at me asking the same question. I think the way to think about it is that we have 10% by some metric depending on what we believe the total is. As per your metric, we have 10% of the total advertising sort of money. And the U.K. we have 20%. That just tells me there's 90% more opportunity around the world and 80% more opportunity in the U.K. So, we're not going to constrain our thinking in terms of what believe is a stable state. Our aspiration is to be able to serve every advertiser in the long-term and our aspiration is that -- our hope is that every piece of advertising becomes digital advertising. The question is how much of that are we able to provide through our technology platforms, how much are we able to provide through our own sort of properties and how much do we partner with others to provide on their network. So, I guess I'm trying to tell you we don't constrain ourselves and our thinking. I'm not trying to be arrogant, say we want 100%, but we like more than what we have in every market out there. In terms of your question around the mobile web and mobile search, that is a tough question and that is a very involved question and I think the approach -- the best way to think about it is that we're trying to make sure we can make both of them effective for the end-user and make them both work, because we're not about to try and pick winners. Right now, you can see that people spend as much time on mobile devices -- more time mobile devices they are beginning to spend on the desktop and they are spending the time across the mobile web as well as mobile app landscape. We're participating in both those ecosystems, whether it's somewhere placed on the app front, whether it's through our browser-based search properties or through our app-based search properties. So, we're participating across the Board and I think at the end of the day, it's going to boil down to ease-of-use and consumer choice.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah. Thank you, Gene. I mean as I mentioned earlier and the question earlier from -- I think it was Heather that the online to offline conversions are really important opportunity where it's important for offline merchants to be able to understand what results they get from their online activity. And some of the experiments that we talked about required partnerships of third-party data providers to understand how that happens and I think Datalogic is one of those things, which we're looking out to see how we can help quantify the opportunity and quantify the answer for our offline partners. It's just one of those things that we're doing.
Patrick Pichette: All right. Thanks for -- Doug, for your questions. So in the case of the U.S. if you think about it you have the Q4 to Q1 issues that are typical. And then, as we've said before, the network business does skew toward the U.S. on a relative basis, so network clearly grew slower than site. So that's what really what you see is that mix of the two, but in aggregate, right, pretty pleased with the U.S. growth overall. So that was a pretty strong quarter. I'm really happy with it. Well, let Nikesh answer the mobile questions.
Patrick Pichette: Thanks. So why don’t I take a shot at this. Ross, the – if you think of our other revenue estimates for this quarter, right – first of all its – we’re really delighted by the Play business. So – and you’ll remember that a year ago we had – I mean, I'm going to bring back everybody to Q1 of 2013. We had a lot of Nexus 4 hardware sales, because we were in stock out in Q4. And that in combination with the accounting change of our Play app content revenue recognition. Again, remember till Q1 of last year both just simply created a bit of tougher year-over-year comp for this quarter, but overall very pleased with all of the kind of big lines of growth in this space. As for the rev share, I mean, obviously, this accounting change kind of goes to this 30% rather than the what you would have seen before which would have the net and – but we don’t divulge with the percentages are, that we keep going forward. So that’s basically where we stand on it and that’s why we are pretty pleased with this line for this quarter.
Patrick Pichette: So, Mark, you will get the information in Q2. What we really wanted to do with the recognition as we think about giving more transparency to our shareholders, just looking at having exactly as you just mentioned the split between kind of our core sites and then the network itself. I think it will be useful for everybody and then, obviously, we will have the information going forward. So a lot of insights are going to come out of that and we are very pleased to be able to share with you starting next quarter. We've just made this decision over the last little while and shared it with the Audit Committee, the Board, so just stay tuned for next quarter on it.
Patrick Pichette: Well, as I said, well let me start with the U.K. The U.K., look, combination of partner mix this quarter, as well as, again, year-over-year matters a lot and we have happen to have a year ago a real revenue favorable weather. I mean, people kind of tend to forget it, but last year we had a very strong Q1 for the U.K. and the combination of these two things just kind of year-over-year made the comparison a little tighter for this quarter. As it relates to websites – partner websites, I covered that a bit earlier. And we’re – I mean, again, you back to last year where network, if you think about Ad Exchange, that model change in that model continues to be very, very strong. And we will remember again last year that we started the DLA policy change in Q1 or maybe it was in Q4, but the impact of the DLA actually takes time to flow through. We said that would take multi quarters. So, this has not kind of float over completely. So what you have again there is very strong on the quarters where we want sort of the Ad Exchange and AdMob, but on the flipside of that, right, you still have the tails of the DLA change policy that’s for a year ago. But the effects have not fully flowed through, so even in the coming quarters you should see a bit of an effect there, but, overall, pretty pleased with actually these results, Mark.
Patrick Pichette: Thank you, Carlos for both of these questions. So, to the headcount question, I think, you've basically nailed it intuitively, which is, the acquisition of Nest – the acquisitions this quarter had a quite a bit of people impact on this number. Or kind of if you think of our organic numbers, have actually not changed in any material way. So it just happened, you know, you buy Nest and it comes with a lot of people. We also had, you remember, the acquisition of DeepMind and few others. So for us we had the double hitter of having the opportunity to continue to attract people on an organic basis to our processes and these few acquisitions kind of moved the needle quite a bit for us this quarter. As it relates to CapEx, listen, you are right that we – and I've mentioned this in the last couple of quarters, where we have – and just a reminder to everybody, if you think of the CapEx categories, right, data centers first, and data construction then production equipment then all other facilities, it’s kind of like the hierarchy of needs. And in the case of data center construction, we have found that the option value of having more capacity on standby and available to us to grow versus not having it is actually a real strategy issue for the company and in that sense if for whatever reason we continue – we had a spike in demand that was really pronounced and sustained for a couple of quarters and we did not have the capacity, it would be a real issue strategically for us, relative to the quite low cost of having the infrastructure in place. So that’s why we’re really pushing ahead of the curve and so it’s with this view of long-term. So from that perspective you are also right that that’s the mindset we are applying and we've always said that CapEx was lumpy, so you have a good manifestation of it right now, right here. So thank you for you those two questions, Carlos.
Patrick Pichette: Just to close on this, just a few verticals here. I mean, again, completely reflecting the economy around us. If you go to – automobile has been quite strong across the world. Travel, actually quite strong in the U.S., so in the U.K. as well as in the rest of the world, a little bit less in the U.S, but just to give you a sense of. And then real estate, clearly, in the U.S. has been a strong vertical as well as in the U.K, so, again, a good reflection of the economy there, Justin. So, Google Trends, I always encourage people to go and checkout Google Trends as well because they continue to give good insights as to what's going on in the economy which would mirror in terms of verticals.
Patrick Pichette: Great. And then on my side, Eric, look, as I said in my earlier comment, our Q1 expenses were completely in line with our objectives and there is always seasonality. As you've noticed, from Q4 to Q1 there is always – we spend less on marketing and so that’s true for this year as well. And for the other areas, right, we would have been in line with the objectives we've set for ourselves. So these one-time costs were genuinely and that’s where truly one-time. And – I mean, when you acquire Nest for bit over $3 billion, there is just a lot of stuff that flows through the P&L, lot of accounting, and so that’s really the issue there. So, I would go back to your instinct of at least kind of we should be roughly in line with what our expectations where and they – that’s why the nature of truly extraordinary items. So thanks for that question.
Patrick Pichette: I can cover the first part and then I'll let Nikesh cover the second. Look we're very comfortable with our cost structure. In light of Google efficiencies, economies of scale, our vertical integration from data center to chip -- to servers, to software. I mean we really have -- we believe we have absolute unique position from a cost structure perspective and therefore, from a margin perspective makes us very, very comfortable. In terms of differentiation, I'll just let Nikesh jump in here.
Patrick Pichette: Okay, well Robert, let's start with the last one first and then we'll go back to revenue. ROI clearly we have -- we always look at capital intensity. The fact that we're investing quite a bit in CapEx right now is a real tribute to kind of the potential and the optimism we have about our businesses going forward. Most of our core businesses if you think of YouTube or advertising or search are not that capital-intensive relative to other areas that we have such as for example, Google Fiber, if you think of the access portion right which is much more traditional CapEx. For each of these areas, we actually track and make sure that we have good returns and we have a capital efficient. So even though an area that take the advertising business that we run, even though you could argue that it's phenomenally good on return on capital, the questions that we will ask internally is okay so if the utilization rate is X on our machines on this business, right, why can't it be X plus something? So, even though we have already good return on capital in these areas, we continue to always push the envelope to make sure that our capital efficiency continues to be better and better on a year-to-year basis and then across a portfolio, every area has some capital kind of targets to make sure that we're driving for value. Finally, there's a number of areas if you think of take the newer stuff like Loon, for example. In those cases, you test through the hurdles that we kind of we seed capital to the Loon team as they hid their hurdles and they kind of earned their right to the next cost for funding. And in doing so, right, we continue to always have the business case in mind that says here is why this continues to make sense to fund and invest and with an ROIC or value in mind for the long-term, but in the short-term, it's really kind of delivery of milestones on very specific engineers objectives that actually gives them the next round of funding. So, Robert as you can see, given the portfolio of mature stuff we have and growing areas as well as kind of much more R&D and innovation at the early stages, right, we just need to have a basket of tools to actually manage the concept of ROIC or ROI on each of them. And that's what we do. It's not rocket science; it just requires a lot of discipline on our part. On the revenue side, look, we don't break out DoubleClick or YouTube. I can just tell you as I mentioned a bit earlier; we're really pleased with our network revenue in the kind of AdMob, AdExchange. Many of our areas continue to grow very well and we're very, very pleased by these investments and clearly continue to be very pleased with YouTube as mentioned -- Nikesh mentioned a bit earlier.
Patrick Pichette: That's the story there. Thank you. Jamie, we'll take one last question. We're running out of time. So, we'll take one last question if you don't mind.
Patrick Pichette: Thank you, Gene. Just in closing before I hand it over to Jamie, just to reiterate the point that Nikesh made a bit earlier to all of our Googlers out there and all of our partners out there, thank you so much for the great work in Q1. What a great start to the year and then we'll see you in Q2. So thanks. Jamie I'll leave it with you to close the call please.
