Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Carlos. I'll answer the first, and turn it over to Ruth on the second. On AI, we are obviously seeing incredible progress in this field. We make great strides, and we start taking it for granted and look to the years ahead. It's always tough to predict what happens over a five-year timeframe, but I do see us making significant strides. Even a year ago, I wouldn't have predicted that we would be in a strong position to mount a serious challenge to the world champion in Go this year. So looking at the pace of progress, I think we will have AI in a form in which it benefits a lot of users in the coming years, but I still think it's early days, and there's a long-term investment for us.
Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Heather. I'm very excited to have Diane here as well. We are already getting significant traction. It's a strongly growing business for us. And we plan to invest significantly in 2016. It'll be one of our major investment areas. In terms of talking to customers, first of all, as I said earlier, the Cloud platform is now already used and trusted by over four million applications. And a lot of it is about making sure we are very seriously committed to the space, which we are. And in terms of wanting, there's a breadth of feature requirements, and so we've been carefully taking customer feedback and addressing all those needs. And as time goes by, I think we are getting very competitive. We have natural advantages in doing this, but we also need to make sure we address all the feature needs, and that's what we've been focused on. And I think we are at a point now where the product is ready to be used at scale. And so I expect to get significant traction in 2016.
Sundar Pichai: Great. I take a very long-term view towards this. When we look at the scale of mobile for the first time in our lifetime, so I think we have a platform which is going to reach one day the entirety of the world's population, so it will be over 5 billion users. And from our standpoint, core to our mission, we want to be in a position where we are helping users throughout the day. We are assisting users with their core information needs across all our products. And I think if we do that well, a lot of that information is commercial, and hence our monetization works effectively as well, as you've seen this year. And so very focused on long-term building that user experience to be assisting users, and that's the framework with which we think about it.
Sundar Pichai: On YouTube, let me answer first on YouTube. On YouTube, obviously, the overall momentum has been great. We have over a billion users watching hundreds of millions of hours. To me interestingly – sorry. Let me answer the YouTube question first. On YouTube, we have great momentum. We have over a billion users watching hundreds of millions of hours. And in fact, 80% of YouTube's views are from outside of the U.S. It's been an incredible year where I feel the team is on fire, focusing on launching YouTube Red, YouTube Music. And as you saw at Sundance, a big push on YouTube Originals with a focus from our top creators to create exclusive content for YouTube Red users. And so I'm really excited about all the new investments we are doing there, and users are responding very positively. And so I think it's going to be an exciting 2016 for YouTube.
Sundar Pichai: On the first half, when I think about growth, you're right. And as Ruth mentioned earlier, too, mobile search, YouTube, they're all working well. But I would take into account overall a secular shift to mobile, how users are adopting mobile. And on top of that, I think we're working hard to serve our users well on mobile. So it's a combination of all of that, and I think the model is working well. On Play, to be very clear, spend per buyer is up 30%, and that's globally. And it's a function of, as you pointed out, I think we've made good strides in terms of personalizing the experience for each user. And I think that's borne fruit. But a lot of it is also improving our ability to handle payments for users and developers, and to do that better through time at a global scale.
Ruth Porat: And then, on Sites' revenue, what the results reflect is, is product strength, geographic breadth, and obviously, the added backdrop of an active holiday season with the Sites' revenue up 20% year-on-year notwithstanding the currency impact. The way we look at it is we've got extraordinary capability and strength in Search, and then ongoing innovation across the platform. As we talked about last quarter, we did benefit from a change made in Q3 in ad format with respect to mobile search and we do continue to benefit from that change. Mobile search growth was the biggest driver again this quarter. And then, in terms of YouTube, the momentum continues. The story continues to be about strong growth in video advertising, TrueView and Google Preferred as distinct from Display on YouTube. And then, just to round it out, desktop search remains a solid contributor as well.
Ruth Porat: Certainly. So starting with Other Bets, as I said in my prepared remarks, we're at the beginning of a journey with the creation of Alphabet and breaking this out into the segments is a meaningful step. As you look at some of the numbers, the reason I said it's more instructive to look at annual or rolling 12 months is that there can be some lumpy things on a quarterly basis, but we're continuing to invest across the businesses as we talked about. So that would explain the 2014/2015 trend here. It just underscores that we're investing in the business, we've made some tough choices, and as I said, in terms of how we're allocated across the various businesses, but an important area for us and tried to give you the sizing here in the segment information. And then, in terms of overall Google, we're continuing to invest there as well. We're investing quite meaningfully, as I previously said, the 70-20-10 model is an instructive framework that Larry's articulated for a long time. And as I tried to stress in my opening comments, we're looking to push the frontier both within Google and Other Bets. So ongoing innovation is key to all that we're doing in Google, and it's benefiting users and the ecosystem broadly. So you're continuing to see us invest there, and notwithstanding, that you see the results that you have here today.
Ruth Porat: So I'll take that. Those are two of the businesses that are, as we call them, Other Bets. Look, on the self-driving cars, we have an extraordinary tech team. We've been working on it for many years, and the focus is developing technology with a real emphasis on safety and understanding what it takes to build and operate fully autonomous vehicles. We continue to make great progress. We've now driven 1.3 million miles with important data regarding the safety and utility, and that's what we're really focused on. We've got prototypes on streets in two cities. So we're continuing to execute against that and continuing to build it out. And then, on Nest, we have now more than 14,000 developers who've joined the Works with Nest program, enabling them to connect with Nest products through the Cloud. The team refreshed the entire product portfolio in 2015. That resulted in very strong year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter revenue growth, and again, similarly, they're just executing against that business plan.
Ruth Porat: Sure. So starting with the U.S., I think the main point is that we've had meaningful growth in all geographies, reflecting the product strength and the added tailwind of the holiday season. And looking forward, we would expect typical seasonal patterns to hold Q4. As you know well, it tends to be our strongest quarter. But specifically on the U.S., that as we talked about last quarter, really reflects the diversity of our products here. Each is doing well. Mobile growth, as both Sundar and I talked about, was the key driver yet again. But YouTube and programmatic continue to deliver strong growth, and that translates into the results that you saw for the U.S. We obviously had a nice lift from retail, no surprise given the holiday season. But I think simply put, it's the diversity of doing a lot across a lot of different products. And then in terms of the milestones and your question regarding Other Bets, as I mentioned in the opening comments, results this quarter were affected by project milestones. Those milestones were established several years ago. And that's why I called out that it could be lumpy on a quarterly basis and why we look at it over a year, over rolling 12 months, and I'm not going to break it out in more detail than that. As Larry said, when we announced Alphabet, it's an exciting new chapter. It is about getting more ambitious things done. We're doing that in a framework to ensure we are disciplined with our resources, and this was just calling out a milestone established some time ago.
Ruth Porat: And then in terms of CapEx, you've noted the important difference on a year-over-year basis a couple of sizable real estate items as part of our facilities expansion that we called out last year on top of continued investment in our technical infrastructure. But really to the heart of your question, looking ahead for 2016, we do expect to see accelerated investment in CapEx, and that's to support both Google and Other Bets. As we often talk about, we view our technical infrastructure as a key strategic asset for the company. We have terrific scale and efficiency, and the team has done an extraordinary job innovating to achieve efficiencies following a period of heavier investment in 2014. So we're now delivering about three times the compute power for the same amount of power or dollars we did five years ago. And that's an important point because it explains some of the slower CapEx in 2015. But given our commitment to have the most potent infrastructure, we do expect to increase CapEx in 2016. And for Google, that is intended to continue to support growth in our consumer products and services globally as well as all that we're doing for our enterprise clients, as Sundar has already talked about, so CapEx in both areas there. And then, in terms of Fiber and what we're doing more broadly in Other Bets, Fiber will continue to be, we expect, the biggest consumer. And again, you identified the driver of it. It obviously increases as we execute in a growing number of cities. One of the main things that also affected 2015 is the rollout was really measured as we worked to enhance the construction process and efficiency, doing things like developing relationships with cities and establishing protocol with construction partners, but we have more cities announced. And obviously, as we execute on those, that takes more CapEx as well. Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Thank you.
Ruth Porat: Let me start first on YouTube monetization. There's really no change from my comment last quarter. YouTube had very healthy revenue growth, again, driven by growth in TrueView and other video ads, but the monetization story is still evolving. It's still early innings, and we're focused on the opportunity to get larger offline budgets moved to YouTube. Given the level of user engagement globally and the compelling nature of demographics, it does remain a very attractive platform. In the near term, given the growth in viewership, YouTube TrueView CPC pricing is expected to continue to affect our overall Sites monetization mix. And then in terms of Google and margin outlook I think is really what you're getting at, I'll go back to my prior comment. What we achieved here by pulling out the two pieces is providing, obviously, greater visibility into what we're investing within the Other Bets, but want to underscore that we continue to invest in Google. We're in early innings in many areas. And I already referenced back to the framework we use, which is to continue to push the frontier within Google as well to adjacent areas. You named one, we've talked about it on this call, it's very important, Cloud and Apps, and all that we're looking to invest there. But we're doing more than that. It's also the moon shot areas, it's virtual reality and other areas, and these are exciting early-stage efforts. We do expect we'll be in a position to discuss in greater detail over time. I'll let you estimate the short-term impact, but we believe the investment is really important as we're enhancing the long-term potential for Google and continuing to really enrich the ecosystem.
Ruth Porat: And then, in the rest of worlds, it's already growing at a high rate off a large base. And we're really pleased with the ongoing progress there. In addition to mobile, we benefited from Play and our Universal App Campaigns, as Sundar said. We're continuing to invest meaningfully in rest of world. We view it as a very sizable opportunity, bringing the next four billion online and all the opportunities there. So that's really the main focus for us at this point, is continuing to build out availability, access, and products for the rest of world.
Ruth Porat: So in terms of CPCs, other than YouTube, I guess, the other comments to add are in the fourth quarter, we did see an impact from the ad format changes that we talked about in the third quarter. That also increased our overall click base. And we believe this click growth is a positive indicator of ads that are proving to be more relevant to users. In other words, the CPC trend reflects the fact that the denominator's growing faster than the numerator. But we do view that as a long-term upside opportunity for both CPCs and revenue. So mobile continues to be very healthy as evidenced as I tried to indicate in my opening comments and Sundar did as well. And similarly, Desktop growth remains very healthy. In terms of CapEx, I guess, the main point is we do expect it will be increasing in 2016. I've already address that. I think part of it's you got in the way you asked the question, which is we've achieved efficiencies after this heavy spend in 2014. And that's where the team was very focused, is we ramped up spend, and then we've been focused on how to extract the most efficiency here. And that, as I said, does explain some of the slower CapEx in 2015, and the reason we've been very focused on indicating that it will be increasing to support all that we're doing. It's quite a bit of requirements on both the Google side and what we're doing in Other Bets, and Fiber specifically. So part of it was the 2014 spend and the digestion in 2015.
Ruth Porat: So the trend, when I talked about looking at an annual or rolling 12-month to assess trends, it was really to say that there can be idiosyncrasies on a quarterly basis that – so it leads to a lumpiness, just again, given how early-stage these are, and any particular events in one or more companies can affect the overall numbers. It was not intended to, say, take the 2014 over 2015 and extrapolate, far from it. The budgeting process that we went through was a very rigorous process. As I said my opening comments, we prioritized some, we made some tough calls, but very much with a view of having a very disciplined envelope around the way we are looking at the opportunities we have across the Other Bets. And so we look them again opportunity by opportunity. In terms of the milestones, they can really vary for a number of things, but it would be linked to anything at the company, which, in our view, whether it's technically or from a business perspective, advances the development of the company, the value of the company, and we're not going to go into detail on each one of the specific companies. I think your second question was around Search in terms of the monetization trends in Search, and I think I've already addressed that one as well. When I first provided color on desktop and mobile, the point is really about the health of both of them, and as I've already said here on this call, mobile continues to outperform, desktop growth remains healthy. And with all the comments that both Sundar and I made with respect to mobile, it should be clear that mobile search revenue was up significantly this quarter.
