Sundar Pichai: Brian, thanks. I'll take the first part. I think it's a good question. Obviously, I think there is a time curve in terms of taking the underlying technology and translating it into meaningful solutions across the Board, both on the consumer and the enterprise side. Definitely, on the consumer side, I'm pleased, as I said in my comments earlier in terms of how for a product like Search, which is used at that scale over many decades. How we've been able to introduce it in a way that it's additive and enhances the overall experience and this positively contributing there. I think across our consumer products, we've been able -- I think we are seeing progress on the organic side. Obviously monetization is something that we would have to earn on top of it. The enterprise side, I think we are at a stage where definitely there are a lot of models. I think roughly, the models are all kind of converging towards a set of base capabilities. But I think where the next wave is, working to build solutions on top of it. And I think there are pockets, be it coding, be it in customer service, et cetera, where we are seeing some of those use cases seeing traction, but I still think there is hard work there to completely unlock those.
Sundar Pichai: And Michael on cookies, Look I think, obviously we are super committed to improving privacy for users in chrome and there was the whole focus around privacy sandbox and we remain committed on the journey, but on third-party cookies, given the implications across the ecosystems and considerations and feedback across so many stakeholders. We now believe user choice is the best path forward there and we'll both improve privacy by giving users choice and we'll continue our investments in privacy enhancing technologies, but it is obviously an area we will be taking feedback from the players in the ecosystem and we are committed to being privacy first as well.
Sundar Pichai: The only thing I would say, adding to Brian's first question on areas where things are maybe taking longer. I think, look we are all building multimodal models. At least Gemini has been natively multimodal from the ground up. But most of the use cases today that have been unlocked have been around the tech side. So in terms of getting real generative audio, video experience is working well. I think there is still – it is going to take some time. But over time, obviously it will be deeply relevant to YouTube and so it's an area I'm excited about in the future.
Sundar Pichai: Thanks Eric. Look, on the Cloud and AI stuff, obviously, it is something which I think will end up being a big driver over time. I mentioned in my opening remarks, already if you take a look at our AI infrastructure and generative AI solutions for cloud across everything we do, be it compute on the AI side, the products we have through Vertex AI, Gemini for Workspace and Gemini for Google Cloud, et cetera, we definitely are seeing traction. People are deeply engaging with Gemini models across Vertex and AI studio. We now have over 2 million developers playing around with these things, and you are definitely seeing early use cases. But I think we are in this phase, where we have to deeply work and make sure on these use cases, on these workflows. We are driving deeper progress on unlocking value, which I'm very bullish will happen, but these things take time. So -- but if I were to take a longer-term outlook, I definitely see a big opportunity here. And I think particularly for us, given the extent to which we are investing in AI, our research infrastructure leadership, all of that translates directly. And so I'm pretty excited about the opportunity space ahead.
Sundar Pichai: Thanks Ross. I think great questions. Look, I -- obviously, we are at an early stage of what I view as a very transformative area and in technology when you are going through these transitions, aggressively investing upfront in a defining category, particularly in an area in which in a leveraged way cuts across all our core areas our products, including Search, YouTube and other services, as well as fuels growth in Cloud and supports the innovative long-term Bets and Other Bets is definitely something for us makes sense to lean in. I think the one way I think about it is when we go through a curve like this, the risk of under-investing is dramatically greater than the risk of over-investing for us here, even in scenarios where if it turns out that we are over investing. We clearly -- these are infrastructure, which are widely useful for us. They have long useful lives and we can apply it across, and we can work through that. But I think not investing to be at the frontier, I think definitely has much more significant downside. Having said that, we obsess around every dollar we put in. Our teams are -- work super hard, I'm proud of the efficiency work, be it optimization of hardware, software, model deployment across our fleet. All of that is something we spend a lot of time on, and that's how we think about it. To your second question on whether -- how do the scaling loss hold. Are we hitting on some kind of wall or something? Look, I think we are all pushing very hard, and there is going to be a few efforts, which will scale up on the compute side and push the boundaries of these models. What I would tell is regardless of how that plays out, you still think there is enough optimizations we are all doing, which is driving constant progress in terms of the capabilities of the models. And more importantly, taking them and translating into real use cases across the consumer and enterprise side, I think on that frontier. I think there is still a lot of progress to be had. And so we are pretty focused on that as well.
Sundar Pichai: Look, I think specifically, if the question is about engineers and coding, et cetera, we definitely want to be on the cutting edge there. I think, we are making these tools available to some of the most [line of] (ph) productive engineers and demanding engineers out there, and they are definitely kicking the tires hard. And -- but I would say, it's still all in very early stages. I think particularly when it comes to writing high-quality secure code, but I think all the learnings what we are gaining here will translate into our models and products, and that's the virtuous cycle, which I'm excited by. So there's a lot more to come.
Ruth Porat: And on your second question first, thank you for your comments. Look, the reason we've consistently used the term, the phrase that we're focused on durably reengineering our cost base is because these are deep work streams. They are not tactical fixes, and we continue to build on them. And so the main areas that we've talked about are around product and process prioritization around organizational efficiency and structure. Both of those are reflected in the headcount and the fact that headcount is down year-on-year. And across all of those -- as I said, across our entire leadership team, we remain focused on continuing to execute against them. So in terms of the most recent examples, as we talked about last quarter with the combination of the devices and services product area with the platforms and ecosystems product area, we announced that back in April. And what we discussed last quarter and what we're seeing is that unifying teams across these organizations, helps with product execution and what we're really focused on is really adding to velocity and efficiency. So kind of the gift that keeps giving. And then more broadly, all of the work streams that we've talked to you about before, we continue to remain focused on. A big one, very important one, is all of the efficiency efforts, the work streams around technical infrastructure and improving efficiency there. We are also working on the use of AI across Alphabet. We are working on continuing to build on what we've done with our centralized procurement organization. We are continuing to optimize our real estate portfolio. And so again this is across our leadership team. These are efforts that all build to this phrase durably reengineering our cost base.
Ruth Porat: So in terms of the Google services operating margin, it did reflect all the work that we are doing on durably reengineering the cost base. It also reflected the benefit of strong revenue performance in search. And so what I tried to lay out in the comments, as we look forward to the third quarter is operating margins will reflect the increases in depreciation and expenses associated with higher levels of our investment in technical infrastructure. It will also reflect higher expenses associated with the Pixel launch, due to the pull forward. So those are important factors. I would say, overall company-wide, it is important to note that we do expect to continue to deliver full year '24 Alphabet operating margin expansion relative to 2023, but I did want to highlight those important points as we look forward to Q3.
Ruth Porat: Absolutely. So Look, as we both noted, search revenues really reflected broad based growth across verticals. That was led by retail followed by financial services. I think your question really goes to the heart of the year-on-year growth comparison. And as both Philipp and I noted, we are really pleased with YouTube, the YouTube team all that was done, it was driven by brand followed by direct response, and they have very strong ongoing operating metrics, which Philipp will comment on. I think the important point to note, and I tried to tease out in opening comments, was that the deceleration in this year-on-year revenue growth for the second quarter versus the first quarter, primarily reflected the tougher comparison versus the first quarter because at that point, as you probably recall, YouTube was lapping negative year-on-year growth in Q1 last year. And then also Q1 benefited from the extra from leap year. And so what you are also seeing here is with YouTube, we were [anniversaring] (ph) the ramp in APAC based retailers that began in the second quarter last year and foreign exchange headwinds as well that we noted. And so it's -- there are some timing issues going on. And what we are trying to highlight is the underlying operating strength. Back to you, Philipp.
Ruth Porat: And then on your second question with respect to subscriptions, I am implicit in your question, how strong is it, as I noted in opening comments, that overall line subscriptions platforms and devices delivered healthy growth and that was led by subscriptions. And as we've said on many calls here in a row, the subscription revenue growth continued to be quite strong. It was driven by subscriber growth in both YouTube TV and YouTube Music premium. And then the other component within that line is Google One that also delivered strong subscriber and revenue growth. I think the heart of your question is really around YouTube and that is the heart of the revenues in that line. So it continues to be very strong. We see a lot of take up in it, strong subscriber growth, really pleased with it. We did note that growth on that line decelerated due to anniversarying the YouTube TV price increase. But at the heart of it, our people interested in the subscription offerings and it’s the take of significant. We're really pleased with it.
Ruth Porat: Great. Thank you for that. So overall we are -- as both Sundar and I said, we are very pleased with the results in Cloud. And there is clearly a benefit as the Cloud team is engaging broadly with customers around the globe with AI related solutions, AI infrastructure solutions and the generative-AI solutions. I think we noted that we're particularly encouraged that the majority of our top 100 customers are already using our generative AI solution. So it is clearly adding to strength of the business on top of all that they are doing. And just to be really clear, the results for GCP, the growth rate for GCP is above the growth for cloud overall. And then I'll turn it to Sundar on the cost saving point, but just one point we are really pleased as well that Cloud's margin improved as it did. And in part, that reflects the revenue strength that they delivered and all of the efficiency efforts that I've already spoken about. But looking ahead in Q3, we do expect the same seasonal pattern that you saw last year with respect to margin and we are continuing to invest in the business.
Philipp Schindler: Yes, look, innovation and improvements to the user experience on search have historically opened up new opportunities for advertisers. We talked about this before we saw this when we navigated from desktop to mobile for example. And we can see GenAI obviously expand the types of questions we can help people with, as Sundar mentioned. And as we said before, people are finding ads either above or below AI overviews helpful. We have a solid baseline here from which we can innovate and as you have probably noticed at GML, we announced that soon we'll actually start testing Search and Shopping ads in AI overviews for users in the US, and they will have the opportunity to actually appear within the overview in a section clearly labeled as sponsored, when they're relevant to both the query and the information in the AI overview, really giving us the ability to innovate here and take this to the next level.
Philipp Schindler: And on the second part of your question, maybe Ruth, you want to jump in first and then I take the rest if needed.
Philipp Schindler: Yes. On the second one, look on the direct response side, as you know it is about driving and converting commercial intent and customers are obviously benefiting from including video in their AI-powered campaigns, it could be PMax, it could be DemandGen and obviously using our automated tools to enhance and create video creatives. And we are very, very optimistic about this path. On average advertisers who run both image and video ads with DemandGen campaigns see 6% more conversions per dollar than those running image only ads and discovery. And this is just one little example of how this can obviously boost your performance business. So that's a big part. The brand side, as you know Google AI continues to make it easier for brands to show up next to the content where viewers are obviously the most engaged. And they're finding it, as you can see from the numbers, a very effective way to drive awareness and consideration. And we are also quite excited about some of the recent launches on YouTube shopping side, if you want to put that into the direct response bucket.
