Patrick Pichette: Thank you, Nikesh. With that, I am going to turn it over to Jennifer who will open the lines for the Q&A. Jennifer, all yours.
Patrick Pichette: Yes, thank you. So Carlos, on the first one, you are right that there is quite a bit of noise because of FX on the sites year-over-year between Q3 and Q4 but overall I think that we are very pleased with the growth around 20%. You are right that in the last quarter there was a bit more headwinds than this quarter but overall the core search business is doing well and driven really by the strength in mobile and we are obviously additionally pleased with the YouTube business, particularly the watch page. So, despite the fact that there is quite a bit of FX noise in there and that FX does carry over to sites, overall I think that we are very pleased with the overall growth. In terms of TAC I think that that’s the case where obviously our mobile revenue is growing and it is having impact on our mix shift. That’s really the fundamental trend that you see in TAC rather than change in the TAC rate of any particular partner. So that’s really what's going on there but I think as we said in the previous calls we think of TAC in the way, there is a really positive story in TAC, which is, it is distribution and it is worth paying for. This is the positive side of our business having much more distribution of our apps across and that’s true also for mobile. So we are really thrilled that all of the mobile is thriving to the extent that it is and remember that, finally, TAC is not a new phenomenon for us. We have always dealt with distribution partners and we'll continue to experience and manage it to make sure that it drives revenue and profit for both parties in a balanced way, so nothing new here but really excited by the trends. Thank you Carlos. We will go to our next question, please.
Patrick Pichette: Yes, Scott, the answer to your specific question is, the CPCs have, on a year-over-year basis, they have gone down 4% and on a quarter-over-quarter basis, they are 1%. That is on a fixed FX adjusted and so that compares to the minus six and plus two that I mentioned a couple of minutes ago. Thanks for your questions, Scott. Jennifer, let's go to our next question please.
Patrick Pichette: Yes, just a bit of color on Motorola. Right? First just to remind everybody, we do care about profitability and that is our goal with every one of the areas where we invest, and we said that before and we are not in the business for losing money with Motorola or even cross subsiding it. But, we are really 180 days into this journey and we've made a ton of progress, including the sale of the Home business. And as I mentioned earlier also we are kind of outsourcing our manufacturing and so much more that has been done and the restructurings that you have heard earlier in the late summer and early fall. So, and I just want to remind everybody that we inherited kind of 12 to 18 months of product pipeline that we have to work through and that's the reality of the business, that's kind of overhaul and then kind of rebuild the new product pipeline where Dennis's team has kind of been really focused on in addition to the restructuring. It does take time before it shows up. Having said that finally on the financials themselves, Anthony, it's really worth noting that Motorola is also hindered by a portion of the amortization of intangibles due to the acquisition, so the losses that you see are somewhat inflated by this amortization of intangibles which we've decided to kind of put through the P&L on a non-GAAP basis. So, all-in-all, when we look at the losses like this quarter, a negative $150 million, you take out the amortization, these are not consequential losses relative to either Google or the kind of turnaround we are seeing and the kind of positive momentum. So, that's why Larry started by saying we are really optimistic, but it does take time and that's why I am also saying, be ready for a lot of fluctuations in our P&L over the coming quarters. It's just the nature of the bees when you reinvent business. Thank you for your question, Anthony. Let's go, Jennifer, to our next question.
Patrick Pichette: Okay, just the comment on the CapEx side. We have always said and I think if you go back the last couple of years on CapEx, it has been really lumpy. We have gone from really highs where we were above $1 billion and then it's come all the way down to a few hundred million dollars. Now it's kind of moved back up, so it's a real testimony that it is lumpy, because as you add, just to use the example of a data center, as you will see CapEx, because we fill with equipment at data center. But once the data center is full and then we have to put an extension to the data center or then you are into concrete again and power. So, it's just the nature of our business. Certainly on the core businesses are quite lumpy, so we without giving any guidance forward, we have been as you've seen in this quarter $1 billion of CapEx, really very much aligned with the excitement we have around our products, whether it be social, whether it be pictures, whether it be all of the areas that you have heard Larry talk about and so that's why we are fueled as I said in my comments. We are fueled by the positive momentum we have in many areas of the company and we believe now is the time to invest and that's why we are doing it with confidence, discipline with confidence.
Patrick Pichette: Just on my side, I need Ross, I need you to actually call us after this. Because, when I look at our TAC for the Google Web as a percentage of website revenue, it is pretty stable to us and every way we look at it is pretty stable. So I am not sure if there is anything you are looking into it that we are missing but don't hesitate to follow-up with the IR team afterwards. But we don’t see any deceleration in any meaningful way on the website side. Thanks, Ross.
Patrick Pichette: Obviously, every time there is any formal kind of transactions or events that occur, we have to look at our balance sheet and if is any impairment test. In the case of Motorola, we don't think there is actually right now. We have no information even with the Standards-Essential Patent. There is no information right now that leads us to believe that we have to do an impairment test on any of it. Remember that the Standards-Essential Patent for Motorola is a very small portion of the entire portfolio pool of patents that we got out of Motorola. So, just put that in the context as well. So, thanks for your question, Richard. Why don’t we go to the next question, Jennifer.
Patrick Pichette: Yes. We are really focused on Kansas City right now and you've probably seen in the press. It's called now the Silicon Prairie. It's got a lot of press, because we've started to roll out, we started the implementation and the installs. We are growing up in terms of installs weeks after week and people just love the product. So, you are absolutely right, Heather, that we are really excited about this product and it's been a great success overall. So, while we are going to continue and as we've said all along, and here is another great example of one where it's not a hobby, we really think that we should be making good business with this opportunity and we are going to continue to look at the possibility of expanding, but right now we just got to nail because we are in the early days. We just got to nail Kansas City. It's a perfect place for us to kind of debug all of the elements of the product and the experience for the users, but all-in-all, what a great opportunity to deliver kind of 100 times the average speed and that's what people are just dying to get everywhere. We have time for probably one last question.
Patrick Pichette: We actually saw Sergey in New York last weekend, in the subway with his plastic bags and all. So we have time for one last question.
Patrick Pichette: So let me just jump on display. As we said many times in the past, we will give occasionally kind of numbers here and there just to give a sense of momentum, but we don't give them quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year. So that's exactly the case for display. And in the case of early feedback on the contribution for YouTube App on iOS, I will leave it to Nikesh.
Patrick Pichette: Sorry, I just saw, Doug, your question on the C Shares. Look, as we said previously, this recapitalization is subject to (inaudible) pending litigation right now and once the litigation has been resolved, we expect our Board of Directors to determine the exact timing of issuing the dividend. So, we can't really predict it yet, because it's litigation, but we don't expect it to occur before the second quarter of this year. That's where we stand on that. With that, I just want to thank everybody who joining us today on the call. Wish everybody a really prosperous and happy new year. As Nikesh and Larry said, two-thumps up to all our Googlers for a phenomenal 2012 and making it a place of choice and look forward to an exciting 2013. With that Jennifer, I am going to let you close the call.
Larry Page: Well, thank you, Carlos for the detailed question. I am going to turn that over to Patrick for, hopefully, a good answer.
Larry Page: Thank you for your question. Let's see, the mobile business, it has been going very well. We have tremendous growth with the Android. We are serving our users really well. We are building amazing products that are getting better at a rapid rate. The rate of improvement are obviously very high. So I feel pretty comfortable that my focus mostly on our products and assume that their usage will follow the great products. I think that in some sense, some of you may consider mobile an extension over the desktop usage too. I mean, we have built a lot of great products that people use for the desktops like Maps which was transferred very well. And I think that one thing I was amazed by Chrome on my Android phone, Chrome is just an amazing experience. So, using my Nexus phone or other more smartphones from the latest generation, those phones are almost like using a desktop of last year or something like that. So I think the experiences are improving a lot and very, very quickly. So I think we have hit some uncharted territory, because of the rapid rate of change in these things but I am very, very optimistic about it. I think that CPCs will improve as these devices are improving as well. Obviously, I mentioned that we are working to simplify our ad system for advertisers. In the light of all these changes and I am excited about our plans there. We don’t have anything to announce today but I am very excited about our efforts there. I think that we will make rapid progress in that area. So I think I answered both of your questions. So maybe we can have our next question.
Larry Page: I think we have run a number of different businesses and I think that they all have different needs and it's sort of like, we are looking at the sum of all those things. So I think it is a little bit hard to predict those things. I think you should ask us to do whatever is necessary to make the most business outcome. Having said that, I think we have some time in the past we have had a lot of people, we are growing at the edge of what's been the modest in terms of scaling. I think that’s still the case. We would say, that’s moderated but I would say that we have also slowed our international growth and products development a bit which is probably having some impact on that. So I guess, I will give it to Patrick for some more detail, perhaps.
Larry Page: Ross, I'll also just add briefly that when we run our business, we find that it works better if our hiring is reasonably smooth, so we have worked harder to manage that smoothness. We have recruiters in place and hiring staff in place for the long-term and make sure we'll provide a good consistent business growth there just makes us operationally run better and we've probably been managing that a bit more tightly.
Larry Page: Thanks, Richard, for all the questions. I think that's a threefer. The problem seems to be, and I am not going to make predictions about when they will be equal; I don't think they will be equal, I think probably one will always be bigger than the other, though, not clear which way but I don't think this is a long-term problem. I don't think this is a long time in coming, and I think as I have said before, there's a lot of advantages to mobile. You already know location quite clearly, you can call somebody easily, you have a camera, you can hangout with the business, you can be notified instantly. There's just a lot of things about mobile that are amazing opportunities for advertisers and for businesses. So I expect that to revolutionize how people do marketing and we are working hard on that. I expect that that will work a lot better for users and for advertisers and businesses, and therefore more money. We will be able to generate a lot more money than we do now. Okay, so maybe Nikesh can address China.
Larry Page: Sorry I missed the second part of the question too, but it's a pretty big question, you wanted me to outline the vision for the products looking over the next few years. I guess the best way to predict the future is to make it, so that's what we are trying to do. I don't have anything specific to announce this time, but I couldn't be more excited about some of the things I mentioned on Google Now of really understanding  what your question is before you have it. Wouldn't that be great at the earnings call if we just answered all of your questions without you asking them, because that will be less work for you all. So, I think some of those things could really be reality and I think if you look at knowledge panels and I recently asked like really obscure question I was looking at the height of a bridge. I was like what's the height of the bridge? And I typed into the Google and it just spit out the answer, and I was dumbfounded you know but I didn't have to go and research that. So, I think some of those things would seem kind of like science fiction where we are really getting to Google apps. Sergey has really taken on and he used to think that was science fiction and he is running around with it wearing it, as am I sometimes as well. So, I think we are just really excited about the future and I think the rate of innovation in the world is increasing, and also I think Google and that's just really exciting place to be.
Nikesh Arora: Thanks for your question, Ross. On the mobile front, I think it's important to understand that a vast majority of our advertisers have opted into mobile from an advertising point of view. I think Larry said this a few quarters ago that we slowly have been working over time to try and make it feel like a common experience across multiple screens for advertisers, because advertisers are more interested in the business benefit of advertising with us as opposed to specifically which form factor, which device they invest with us on, so our teams have been working really hard in the last few quarters to try and get us to a point where we can make it simple for the advertiser where they come to us with a business problem and we are able to solve it for them irrespective of device, irrespective of form factor or property that they are going to have advertise on. So, from that perspective, I think things are going in the right direction. As far as specifically how many advertisers have mobile landing pages that they can send their users to? That number is not as much as we would like it. Obviously, we've had programs, we have talked about in the past earning calls like GoMo which help businesses go mobile, so those efforts are bearing fruit but broadly speaking, I think we are happy with the progress we have made both on getting advertisers to be more mobilized and also what we are doing from a campaign management perspective to get more and more campaigns that can run across all devices and form factors.
Nikesh Arora: Okay, I think it is fair to say we do operate in China right now. We have an ad sales business. We have a display business in the market. We know there is many users who use Android devices in the market. I think what's important to understand is the reason we decided to not operate in China was because we believe that we wanted to make sure that users are able to have unfettered access to our products, and the products where we believe they have ability to access in an unfettered fashion we do operate in the market. It's only the ones where they aren't able to access in the way we would like to, in which case they are able to access it through our operations in Hong Kong. So we think we operate in China, not in the way you might perceive it, but users have access to our services and there is even a small revenue business that we have in China.
Nikesh Arora: I think it's fair to say what we did was, we’ve always had a policy. The policy has been that we want to make sure that whatever ads are presented in whatever way our traffic is routed to ads, it is done in the best interest of the user and we began to notice that they were sites and pages whereas we had too many ads in a page, so it became more restrictive and updated our policies for better enforcement and that has resulted in higher quality results for end users, it has reduced in some cases the monetization that some of our partners are seeing as a result of this enforcement and hence you are seeing the impact on the numbers. We just announced this policy sometime early this quarter, in the past quarter that we just went through, so you are going to see the impact over the next few quarters. We've also implemented more stringent policies around downloadable apps, and that's why I think both those effects are going to stay with us for the year, but we think in the long-term is the right answer for us, it's the right answer for users and it's right answer for advertisers, so we think it's a good thing to do.
Nikesh Arora: We are very excited about the iOS app that we put out there, not just for YouTube but also for Google Maps. We think they both have tremendous amount of success and it's an illustration of how, if you focus on the user and produce a great experience, it doesn't matter what platform it is. People will adopt it and adapt it and take to it. I think our partners and we both are excited about that fact that these apps are successful. I don't think it's just a unilateral view. Back to Patrick.
