Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Doug. As I said to the company, I think it's a good time to sharpen our focus. Personally, I find moments like these clarifying. It's a chance to digest and make sure we are working on the right things as a company with taking a long-term view, making sure we are continuing to invest in deep technology and computer science and doing differentiated work. And it gives a chance to assess everything we are doing with the critical lens and reallocate resources to our most critical priorities. So it's a constrained optimization problem. I think it gives us a chance given the strong -- given a few years of strong growth to double down and focus and we're going to be very disciplined in terms of how we will approach it. But our focus on the long-term areas, be it AI, be it Cloud and other critical areas, will continue. 
Sundar Pichai: I think Ruth gave color on what we are talking about as uncertainty. I think we see that as well. All of us are reacting to quite a varying set of dynamics, and it's tough to summarize it because the factors -- underlying factors are different and they vary by maybe geography and verticals.  But there is some commonality to it in terms of the macro environment. So there's definitely something we are looking at and want to be more disciplined as we go forward. So that's the higher-level theme. I think in terms of underlying areas, pretty much I'm focusing my time on what are the right set of things to do with a longer-term view. And I do think as a company, when you're in growth mode, it's tough to always take the time to do all the readjustments you need to do and moments like this gives us a chance. So I view it as an opportunity. And so some of the sharpening our focus is taking advantage of the moment. 
Sundar Pichai: Maybe one thing I'll say through moments like this, look, I think for a few years, we've been talking about, particularly in our newer areas, the focus on building sustainable value.  And so for me, it's a long-term framework. We are obviously -- we have areas where we've been doing this for a long time, like Search and so on. But there are newer areas, and we definitely want to make sure while we are investing for the long term, we are thinking through the business model, the value creation and profitability over time. And so all of that are the frameworks we use. And I think it's important, regardless of the health of your balance sheet on an area by area. Everything you're building is sustainable on its own and you're very disciplined and so I think times like this gives us a chance to bring more focus and spend more time on with that lens. 
Sundar Pichai: On Cloud, we continue to see strong momentum, substantial market opportunity here and still feels like early stages of this transformation. Constantly in conversations with customers, big and small, who are just undertaking the journey. So it kind of shows you the opportunity ahead. I would just say nothing noticeable other than -- given we are in different geographies and different sectors. You do see a varying mix of some customers impacted in terms of their ability to spend, some customers just slightly taking longer, longer times. And maybe in some cases, thinking about the term for which they're booking and so on. So -- but I don't necessarily view it as a longer-term trend as much as working through the macro uncertainty everyone is dealing with. 
Sundar Pichai: Good question. And look, one way we can think about it is through moments like this. So for example, we are obviously investing deeply in AI. We do everything from pure research to applied research to research, which is now -- things -- AI work, which is actually happening very close or within the areas like Search and YouTube, et cetera.  And so you can imagine a scenario in which we are prioritizing and on the margin moving resources to making sure we are driving product improvements, which flow through a moment like that. That would be an example of sharpening focus for me. And when I think about the opportunities out of AI, just coming out of I/O this year, looking at the progress we have made, how much we have made progress with multisearch, how multimodal things are getting and the fact that people are now actually doing voice searches a lot, visual searches a lot, all that is a good example of how we are driving value in our core products.  Similarly, if you take at ads at Google Marketing Live, the team talked a lot about AI-driven products and features that really give value to advertisers in the most privacy-forward way. And cloud is, I would say, lot of the AI opportunity today plays out as more from a data analytics standpoint. It's within that segment, we see the most strength. But over time, I think there'll be broader opportunities as well. And on top of it all, we are continuing to see a lot of breakthrough work coming from our research teams, be it LaMDA 2, PaLM, Minerva or some of our recent advances.  So we'll stay cutting-edge drive progress and keep focusing on turning that research into real products and applications, and we'll take a long-term view. 
Ruth Porat: In terms of your second question, I'm going to leave the modeling to you. Just a bit of context, Sundar and I, I think, Philipp, as well used the term uncertainty because we do think that's the best way to characterize what we're seeing the data are complicated. Our results have reflected lapping, continue to reflect lapping of the significant growth rates last year. On top of that, there is uncertainty in the global economic environment. And then, there are issues that differ across industry. You've seen it in the news for some it's supply chain, for some it's inventory issues. So we will leave the forecasting to you and try to give you sort of the components as we went through Q2 here. 
Ruth Porat: Thanks, Eric. There was a lot in your question, so I'll start and then I'll pass it to Philipp. An obvious point as we're pointing out the lapping of what truly were extraordinary growth rates as time will get us through the lapping. So that's obvious math, but you asked the question.  So starting with that. And then I did note that we have seen pullbacks in spend by some advertisers that, in fact, was the biggest factor in the quarter-on-quarter change, the sequential decline in the growth rate. And we're -- that we do view that as rather idiosyncratic as I said, some of it is supply chain, some of it's inventory. And so just working through that.  And then I would say, there were a couple of other factors that were relevant. The war was a modest headwind to year-on-year and sequential growth. AT&T impact, in fact, remained relatively constant. We've said that for the last couple of quarters. So that does remain a headwind. So we're working through those. But again, it goes really to continuing to invest in YouTube and the experiences and the opportunity to deliver for our entire ecosystem; users, creators. And why don't I pass it to Philipp to maybe take you a step deeper into those. 
Ruth Porat: I would just add, we talked about this last year. Some of the operating margin upside last year was due to timing issues with the search of revenues, and we indicated at the time there was a lag in part on some of the investments whether that's data centers or otherwise. And so in part, you're seeing some of that. But very much to Sundar's point, the way we look at it is we are continuing to invest in long-term growth that has paid wonderful dividends for users and investors over the years. And we want to make sure we're doing it responsibly and judiciously. Some of these things pay out over the medium and longer term. And so as he said a couple of times now, this notion of wanting to look at what are meaningful investments to deliver continued -- extraordinary experiences for [ servers ] and users that then supports longer-term growth. It requires investments, and we just want to make sure that we're getting that balance right and that we're using resources effectively where we can to redeploy it and put it back into long-term investments. And so it's that sort of balancing act. 
Ruth Porat: And then in terms of your margin question, our view continues to be that this is an extraordinary opportunity. It's a long-term opportunity and enterprise customers are still early in their move to the cloud.  And so we do very much have that debate that same question that you posed is the right one, which is a trade-off as between revenue growth and immediate profitability. And what we're focused on is ensuring that we're investing to support the long-term growth and given the upside that we see.  And so continue to focus on it and are looking at the path to profitability, path to free cash flow positive to drive attractive returns. That's obviously in the overall model of it, but I very much believe in the long-term growth and believe this is the right level of investment across the business, go to market, the product teams continuing to build it out globally. 
Ruth Porat: Thank you. I mean at the heart of the capital allocation strategy is really what we've been talking about on this call, investing in long-term growth and driving cash flow. So we have the opportunity to continue to invest and return capital to shareholders. We're very pleased that we were able to increase the authorization up to $70 billion. And do continue to believe it's yet another valuable tool in the overall set of investments that we make. So pleased to have it. 
Philipp Schindler: So despite the pullback from some advertisers, we really believe YouTube remains well positioned to benefit from the shift to digital video -- maybe first on brand. It's worth calling out that this was our first year participating in the upfronts, which is really exciting and really a testament to YouTube's evolution, and we were very pleased with our strong growth and upfront commitments. Customers tell us they see value in YouTube's reach and the ability to drive results. I talked about CTV earlier and as well on our last call, and we are very excited about the road map here. We're also continuing to give advertisers unique and creative storytelling opportunities and the ability to lean into very precise KPIs and we recently rolled out some very critical measurement tools. On the direct response side, we still think there's a lot of runway to address commercial intent on YouTube between video action campaigns and app campaigns and product feeds and new live commerce features, where we're testing a number of different things across live commerce. So we're excited about the opportunities here, especially to connect brands with creators.   We're also seeing advertisers by YouTube at both ends of the funnel, which I talked about earlier, giving advertisers the ability to drive reach and relevance and action is really where YouTube excels. So the big picture in long term remain very encouraged by the opportunity for innovation at  [ branded DR ] and across YouTube.  And I can also briefly touch on the Shorts piece. Consumers are increasing and consuming short-form videos obviously. We're seeing this across multiple platforms, including YouTube. Sundar noted earlier that Shorts are being watched by 1.5 billion plus logged-in users every month. So overall, we're continuing to see good user engagement on YouTube.  And last quarter, we shared that over the past 2 years, YouTube has seen significant growth in watch time and even as people have returned to in-person activities. Time spent on YouTube globally has continued to grow. And as I said before, early results in Shorts' monetization are also encouraging, and we're excited about the opportunities here. 
Philipp Schindler: Look, when it comes -- when it comes to the second part of your question, we have a very, very broad base of customers; large, small, different verticals, different sectors and different geographies across the world. They're very proud to serve such a large base with such a diversity of different players. It's a broad question you're asking, if you're leaning a little bit more towards the total addressable market here. Let me reiterate what I said before. We're not just addressing above-the-line marketing budgets, like traditional advertising or television advertising. There's a lot of upside that we've seen below the line, budgets, whether it's promotional pricing, product placements, sponsorships and so on and [indiscernible] cuts across the universe of different players, sectors, verticals that I just described.  But in the end, our main goal is on delivering great experiences for our users and driving incremental ROI for advertisers and then making them successful across all this big universe of sectors I just talked about. And I'm positive that budget should continue to move our ways as long as we stay focused on this one. 
Philipp Schindler: So on the Shorts side, on the monetization side, I am sticking with the statement I made before. We are encouraged by the results that we're seeing. We're excited about the opportunity. And there's not more -- not a lot more detail that we can share at this point in time. On the pullback in spend by some of the advertisers, as Ruth mentioned, pullbacks and spend on YouTube and network by some advertisers in the second quarter reflects uncertainty about a number of factors. And for each advertisers, they're actually challenging to disaggregate the uncertainty -- difference between companies and sectors. And as you can see from the news and some companies were impacted by multiple factors as well. 
Philipp Schindler: Yes. This is an excellent question. As I noted in my opening remarks, retail continued to be an important driver of Search in the second quarter. We saw strong Search interest in several categories I called out, apparel categories like women's clothing earlier. I think it's also worth clarifying when we talk about retail growth. We're talking about our overall approach to retail, which runs through all of our ads products and surfaces and our shopping strategy is just one important piece of that.  From a trend perspective, you're absolutely right, omnichannel remains the way to when retailers continue to build their digital presence to drive both online and offline sales, and we're obviously helping them do it. Over the last few quarters, I think I've talked quite a bit about the ways how we're doing this. In Q2 -- like in Q1, we saw a year-over-year increase in adoption of, for example, local inventory ads.  These are mobile first and location-based and helping businesses of all sizes showcase their products and stock in-store, online or available for store, curbside pickup, all different variations. Additionally, we're midway through the migration from smart shopping campaigns into Performance Max, which we also mentioned and advertisers have been pleased with increased reach and the increased performance. And our focus really has always been on building tools and features that help both offline and online businesses connect directly with these customers across our platforms, and we're excited about what's next for retail commerce across our services, especially Search and YouTube. And we will remain focused on building helpful great products and experiences for both users and these businesses. 
