Omid Kordestani: Thank you very much, Eric. So, we're really trying to learn a lot here. Innovation is a messy process and especially with Google Express here. There is a lot of understanding that we need to have on improving efficiency in the logistics process, trying to find price points that shoppers find attractive. And our goal is really to help the over 35 merchant partners succeed and reach their customers. And I'm a user of it and I am really impressed by how much time it saves. I see the cars running around the city around me. And I think our goal is really to take it a step at a time and see the success, understand the logistical operations, how much it costs us to do this and can we deliver this basically in a successful way.
Omid Kordestani: Hi, Ross. I think our goal here is really achieving mass merchant adoption, so the availability of these NFC devices is about that and also making it easier for consumers to replace their wallets with their smartphones hopefully more and more over time. So reducing friction in everyday shopping experiences is how we approach it and the focus on the user and we're really developing a fully functional payment system. So, as you may know, users can send money today to friends through Gmail using the Wallet app. We have loyalty and gift cards that can be stored in the Wallet app. The Buy with Google button makes it possible for users to make purchases very quickly with two clicks. So, again, it's this two-fronted focus on merchant adoption and removing the friction for users. Thank you.
Omid Kordestani: Thank you, Ben. This is Omid. So the way we look at it is that users are really accessing Internet on large screens with high broadband speeds, and we're getting great monetization on these screens and advertisers are really paying attention. So we have seen a real shift where marketers and agencies who have historically built their brands on TV are really reorienting this toward investments on digital. And as in regards to YouTube, our focus here is really this focus on investments and more content, more creativity. And I think you also mentioned that you had a Facebook comment. What they are doing I think in video has always helped us with bringing more attention and more innovation to the space, so we welcome that. And the way we're going to approach it is just continue to investing in our platform and on the creators and building better and better monetization solutions. Just again, you may know some of these metrics, but I'll say it again that we have 400 hours of content that are uploaded every minute and partner revenue is up 60% from 2012 to 2013 on YouTube.
Omid Kordestani: Yes. Anthony, so, again, we have a very, very partnership minded organization here and company as a whole. So we view MCNs as -- or organizations that are really going to help develop a great content, support the creators on YouTube. Just like we are doing that with YouTube Studios, I think MCNs can help a lot of these become future stars hopefully and develop more success. So just we view it as another form of partnership that we need to pay attention to and support. So that's how we look at it.
Omid Kordestani: Sure. Thanks, Carlos. So the AdMob network reaches 900 million unique devices per month and our own apps are hugely popular, Gmail, Maps, Google App and YouTube. And our focus is also -- is helping developers generate app downloads and re-engagement with users who have already downloaded their apps, as I mentioned in my remarks earlier. And we're really helping drive hundreds of millions of app downloads through app promotion products. Again, the goal here is that you just search and not worry about where the answer is either on a webpage or on an app. And we've been in this game for a while. Four years ago, we acquired AdMob and have continued to invest in this space heavily. And this quarter, we launched the next generation of these promotion ads across Google search, Google Display Network, and YouTube. So we're really focused on this area to help the developers and our users.
Omid Kordestani: Thanks, Douglas. Both are really good questions that are related really. I think the way this is going to play out is that I think advertisers are going to, with these tools, be able to just understand conversions better -- where is it happening? And then the dynamics of how those changes is all the way back to adjusting bids and then paying attention to where the conversions are coming from. So, again, I think just to maybe highlight some examples for you, we have a fashion retailer Express who's an early tester, found that the overall return on their ad spend doubled when offline sales were included in their online advertising results. So we're just continuing to invest here and get this right. It's too early to figure out the impact exactly on revenue, but we expect the estimated total conversions to help the advertisers fully measure this and ultimately adjust their bidding and just get much more sophisticated in these measurements. I hope that answers.
Omid Kordestani: The way we're focusing this is that users really are using their screens interchangeably simultaneously throughout the day and that we really are not at this point doing this like-by-like comparisons or comment on it because we think it's still early and we're really focused on just again delivering the results. And it took many years, for example, for the desktop ecosystem to develop the right ad formats and really take advantage of the platform. So I think we just need to continue innovating here, experimenting here to get it right.
Omid Kordestani: Sure. I think -- again, it's early for us to call Adometry. It's a great attribution solution and we've been investing in that tool for a long time now and trying to just get this right by all the innovation that's happening within Google and just really understanding the impact of these usage models and -- between the mobile devices and desktop. And so I think we're going to look at everything that's available out there, both what we're developing and partners out there that we could partner with, and continue to invest here. It's going to take us a while, just like we experienced before with search, to get this right and have a real end-to-end solution for marketers and publishers. And so I think you will see a lot of innovation in this space. What Facebook recently announced is another approach. And we're going to study that and just figure out what is the right set of offerings from us. So I guess, unfortunately, I can't give you a very specific answer here. But I think what you'll see from us is pay a huge amount of attention here, make the measurements and see the impact and then offer a full suite to our customers.
Omid Kordestani: Yeah. And Heather, on the wallet question, I think we're going to continue to be open here. So we are trying to get it right and innovating on multiple fronts, as I mentioned earlier. And if partnering makes sense, we'll take a look at it, as well. So -- and the goal is here really to provide this very seamless experience for the users and then get the merchant adoption and hopefully get this right. I'm certainly delighted every time I use this and it works. And I think if we can all get the ecosystem right and there are multiple players in it and partnerships that are making it happen, we're definitely open to that.
Omid Kordestani: Sure. Thank you, Brian. So we secured upfront commitments from five top agencies: IPG, OMD, Digitas, Carat, SMG, and some major brands like General Motors and Coca-Cola and we were actually very, very pleased with how Google Preferred was experienced and adopted. And so I think we're going to definitely continue working on this. And also if you look at our history, we're very used to the selling model that was all about performance. And then as we added properties like YouTube and Brand and Mobile, we're just getting more and more now gaining a better understanding of how to work in this upfront process, for example, to offer the marketers this incredible asset that we have in YouTube and our network. So we're going to just continue getting better at -- on the products side, figure out how to package this inventory better, and then the tools that are needed, and then on the selling side, just get better at also working with the agencies and our advertisers and marketers to get this type of selling right. And on the political vertical, I think clients love to use our products as part of their campaigns for federal, local, state campaigns and it is a really great area for us. We have actually a political sales team that's focused on it. So I think you'll see more of that effort from us.
Patrick Pichette: Just Eric, just a couple of kind of additional points; one is, clearly we’ve announced this week three other cities. So if you go back to the fundamental premise of [Audio Gap] which is the first thing was would people show up and want this product. It’s very clear people want this product. The second one was -- and that’s why we’re expanding the product. The second question then is, we've had a lot of questions about monetization, and we've announced this week we're taking real actions on the monetization service, both including commissions on each transaction from merchants, but also service fees that were announced as well. So from that perspective, we kind of think of it as now we're in Phase II of this product where according to our business plan we continue to kind of look for the barriers, the milestones, and then when we hit those milestones, we with enthusiasm keep on going. All this to say, it is nevertheless a scale business, so working on efficiencies, working on all of the issues that are related to logistics continues to be a big focus of ours. And on the partners, I mean we're really thrilled to have the partners we have. You can expect as we kind of grow through this that we have a few coming in, a few coming out, but overall very, very pleased with the trajectory there. And so I think you should see the announcements of this week as this kind of sign of optimism and momentum in it. Thank you so much for your question, Eric.
Patrick Pichette: So I'll take that. The two points is, one, look, we don't give the breakdown of the Google sites, but actually it's pretty healthy on all dimensions. I think that from that perspective, search is going well. And all of the other dimensions of our sites have actually doing pretty well, and that's what you see in our kind of 20% year-over-year just for sites growth. So from that perspective, I think that we're pretty happy on that front. On the CPC issue, it's pretty simple. I mean we really had -- again, you have to think of the CPC and the volume as one basket that actually delivers. So monetization overall is still very strong. We're very happy with the monetization, Jamie. And if we have in one quarter kind of movements between one and the other, that's just basically the continued experimentation and the impact of all the factors that I usually talk about. So from that perspective, there was nothing noteworthy to kind of mention this quarter. We're very happy with the trends in both cases.
Patrick Pichette: Thanks, Jamie. Jamie, we'll go to our next question. Sorry, Justin, I meant. Jamie, we'll go to our next question.
Patrick Pichette: So a couple points there, and then if Omid has additional comments. One is clearly emerging businesses -- emerging markets are just fundamentally different than the more developed markets, if you think of a country like Indonesia or India where people go straight to mobile. And so in that context, there's clearly a lot of differences between those markets and how they're evolving compared to what would have been 10 years ago the UK or the U.S. So from that perspective, I think that -- and that's why you see us launch things like Android One, right? When you have 1 billion -- just under 2 billion people around the world that have already smartphones, the vast majority of the population looks for things online. So these kind of initiatives that we're launching is the most important piece. From an investment at Google, we're investing -- without giving you all the details, we're clearly investing in our core business. It remains the focus of our activities. But if you look across -- as Omid mentioned, he mentioned the Cloud business, the Google For Work business, all of these other areas, the Play business, the Hardware business, these are all areas where we're investing and we're investing with enthusiasm with each their own specific business case, each of them are actually looking for what is their growth and profitability models and we just monitor them pretty tightly. Okay, so you're welcome. Jamie, let's go to our next question, please.
Patrick Pichette: Yeah. I mean, look, it's very clear that mobile is still a big part of our growth. And we're very pleased about it. I mean, it's -- but when we talk about mobile, I think there's a couple things. One is you have to continue to look at both the growth in volume and the growth in pricing. So these are long-term trends that we're seeing. The CPCs and the clicks, they can fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. It just happens that we've made some changes this quarter that improved the mobile pricing while impacting the lower quality clicks and that's what you see a bit reflected in our numbers. And again, and I wouldn't -- just as an overall statement, remember to everybody that I wouldn't attribute the aggregate CPC movement [Audio Gap] mobile, because there's still a full factor mix that -- as I talked in my remarks about geography and about our product changes. And so all this actually makes a big factor as well. So that's what we've seen in the strength in mobile, but we're still very pleased with the momentum. Thanks, Mark. Jamie, we'll go to our next question, please.
Patrick Pichette: So, Ross, why don't I take the first question and then Omid will give you the answer on the second? As we talk about the UK, a couple points are worth note. One is, the UK contributed roughly 10% of our total revenue this quarter, and that's been the same for kind of the past many quarters. And in fact, if you go back years, it will still be in the same range. So there's nothing kind of fundamental that -- it's worth noting that it's still a pretty good market with decent growth. The issue of deceleration this quarter specifically, on platform -- I mean I mentioned a number of elements, right? So platform mix, we do see [Audio Gap] of desktop, tablet searches having a greater impact in UK than anywhere else that we see in our network of countries. On property mix, remember we talked about this also on prior calls. AFS as a business has much bigger part of our both UK and U.S. business, so it will skew to those geographies. And so those are kind of some of the elements. And as I mentioned, year-over-year comps were difficult. And then if you have a great summer in terms of weather or bad summer in weather, it can have some real impact on the growth rates as well. So it's a combination of a number of factors that the UK has driven our performance, but still pretty pleased. But I won't -- that's really what's going on there. In terms of the payments, I'll let Omid give you an update there.
Patrick Pichette: Great. Let me jump, Ben, on the -- your two specific questions. [Audio Gap] tax issues, you've heard about the Ireland announcement earlier this week on the double Irish tax structure. I mean, for us, we've always said that it's for politicians to decide what laws they want to put and then for companies just to comply with those laws. And that's what we're basically doing. So we're deeply committed to Ireland. We've worked there for many years. We have a great -- that's our headquarters. We have over 2,500 employees there. And so from that perspective we're committed to the place. And we're going to work with the authorities just to kind of get clarifications over this. But it's really way too early to tell what's going to happen. So we're, just like you, getting the information, the news, and we're going to work with the authorities to understand it better and then comply with the laws. In terms of stock-based compensation, just a few notes on this one for this quarter. We have -- it's the time of year where we do equity refresh. And from a timing perspective last year, we did the equity refresh in Q2 instead of Q3. So there's kind of like a geography of Q2 versus Q3 that kind of hit us in Q3. In addition to this, if you go to our filings, you'll see that our executive compensation -- so think of the top 15 or top 20, I can't remember the exact numbers, but it's stated there – that they do their refreshes every two years and it happens to be this quarter as well. And then finally, I mean, we obviously have more employees. So it's just a compounding set of factors, Ben, that I kind of lumped it all into Q3. So it's no more, no less than that on that -- on that one.
Patrick Pichette: Okay. Anthony, thank you for your question. Why don't I jump in right now on just expenses for the quarter? I think if I had two comments to make on expenses in the quarter, you may notice that relative to a few models that I saw out there, R&D was higher and other areas are a bit lower. And I just want to highlight that we hire and we focus clearly our hiring in our tech payroll, or think of it as all of our engineering. And that skews to R&D. So as we bring on people and we push forward the growth of our -- we really focus it in the areas that are going to make a fundamental difference to Google, which is engineering, and by doing so, it kind of skews to R&D. So that's why R&D may be a bit higher than expected by some models out there. And so that's one piece. And then the other one is just wanted to reiterate that it's very clearly an extraordinary quarter from a hiring perspective for the comments I've made before. And so we're kind of clearly seeing that. But at the same time I wouldn't say that this is clearly a new run rate for us or anything like that. It just happened that most of these college students end up landing in Q3 and we have the result of a banner year from a hiring perspective all through. It takes a year to hire them all and then they come into this quarter. So that's really kind of the two big elements that have actually flowed, Anthony, through our P&L this quarter. I'll let Omid answer the YouTube question.
Patrick Pichette: So I can certainly take the first and let Omid answer the second. I've made that comment before in a prior quarter, Carlos. The CapEx intensity and our CapEx program has been built by a combination of, as I mentioned in previous quarter, catching up when we were running too hot in terms of tightening of capacity. And so -- and once I'm very happy that when we really torque our utilization rates, on the other side it creates a lot of operational issues. And that led us to believe that in fact investing ahead of the curve was actually a strategic imperative for us to make sure that if we have the extra capacity, we will grow into it. And I think the difference between -- certainly on the data center side, data center construction and machines, and you'll have noticed that this quarter again, there are priorities. If you look at the nomenclature I gave, construction of data center is the primary. So it is the core infrastructure, it's groundbreaking and it is setting up the core infrastructures. Machine was the second one for this quarter, but you'll notice that it flip flops real estate. In the case of the real estate, we have been investing for our campus and otherwise when we see -- when we hit kind of minimum scale, we need to kind of make investments in real estate. And again with an eye of looking for the long term, rather than just filling at least for the next 12 months or 24 months, because once you kind of -- if you decide you're going to grow in a place, then you need the capacity for multi-years. So all of these factors have actually kind of been the driver for the shift in capital intensity that you've seen over the last 18 months. So that's basically the explanation, Carlos. I'll let Omid kind of jump on the second question about the mobile question.
Patrick Pichette: I think we can clearly say that we're pretty pleased with the developer adoption of this. They see a huge benefit, so they're actually investing in it. Thank you, Carlos.
Patrick Pichette: I see. Okay. So I've given you what I can give you on that. Again, we're really thrilled by the momentum there and our focus in that area.
Patrick Pichette: Thank you, Heather. I'll take the first and then let Omid answer the second. Clearly, Google Shopping Express, there is an issue of scale and it's a combination of an issue of scale, tools and efficiency. I mean, that's how you, if you think over time, can end up with a product that you can deliver within kind of hours at the right value and where you can make money. So it's not only about -- yes, for efficiencies you need centralization. You need a bunch of distribution tools that actually work. We're clearly focused on that as well. I mean it is part of the business case that we're building. But you need more than that. There's a lot of other elements as well. So clearly focused like our competitors would be. And our announcements today, again kind of our -- was it yesterday -- yesterday's announcements on Shopping Express kind of tell you that we are investing both for -- the three new cities kind of give you a hint of, yes, it's about scale. So clearly we're focused on that.
Patrick Pichette: Yeah, I can answer that. So, essentially, Google Play is doing great and everybody wants to kind of be part of this answer. And so, for our carriers, [Audio Gap] basis. So the real question is, what's the win-win? And so they're all done individually. We have great partnerships with many carriers that actually fuel this, and we're including carrier billing. So all this actually is just a very, very positive ecosystem for us. And so we're totally thrilled to have these partnerships and we expect to continue to do so.
Patrick Pichette: Thanks, Brian. Jamie, that's all the time we have. So if you don't mind, I'd just like to close by reiterating what Omid said a bit earlier. This quarter was a great quarter with great momentum again. And I just wanted to thank all the great efforts of our Googlers around the world who make us look good on this call because of their fantastic effort. So with that, Jamie, I'll let you close the call, and have a happy Q4 everyone.
