Sundar Pichai: On the Cloud stuff, talking about go-to-market, as Ruth said in Q1, our largest growth in head count and CapEx was in Cloud. So we are thrilled with the progress we have made there since Diane arrived, building our world-class sales, marketing, and engineering teams. The heavy lifting, I would say, is around how we meet enterprises in the market. We have reorganized so we have one face to the customer. So it's not just sales reps. We've been thoughtful about how we have built out the entire go-to-market organization. So we created two new areas that customers can now take advantage of. One is the office of the CTO, which helps customers solve difficult technical problems. And the second is our Advanced Solutions Lab, where customers can get help from machine learning experts. And on top of that, now we have a phenomenal support team that helps keeps customers' applications up and running. So I think what we have done – our approach is one Google. When a customer sings up for Google Cloud, they get more than GCP and G Suite. They have access to the ads and analytics teams, YouTube teams, and resources within our organization. So I think it's coming along quite well.
Sundar Pichai: Time flies fast. Next was – having done Google I/O many, many times, I was surprised to see the scale and growth of Next from even last year to this year. We had five many times as people. I think everyone really appreciated seeing large customers, very sophisticated customers, like HSBC, eBay, Colgate-Palmolive, et cetera, discussing use of Google Cloud, GCP. Along with Diane, I did follow-up lunches with a set of people, and so the feedback has been very positive. People sense our commitment to the area. They understand the pace at which we are investing. They see that we are committed to machine learning and AI at a deep level. They appreciate how we are open-sourcing things. Facetalk was extraordinarily well-received. They are noticing the acquisitions we are making, Kaggle and AppBridge are a couple of acquisitions which happened around that time. So all that, all those details, I think clearly made an impact. I just spoke about the go-to-market progress, and I think that's beginning to get traction as well. In general, I think there is a very strong recognition that we are have pivoted to being a deep enterprise company, and our conversations are very strategic. We are engaging at the highest levels within companies. And so, overall, I can see qualitative lead and momentum there. When we are in the middle of deals, we find we are very competitive, and there are areas where customers perceive us as best-in-class already. So it's been exciting to see.
Sundar Pichai: Good question, Eric. Pixel is a good example, because I think it's the place where we do the leading work here. And how we presented Google Assistant and the Pixel – well-received, both qualitatively in terms of consumer feedback we get, quantitatively in terms of how we see people using voice, how we see people interacting with overall Google Assistant and Search better. So we find that when we drive the Assistant experience well, it works overall in helping people engage with Google at a broader level. It's always surprising to us – we always said, even with Search, every single day we see so many new types of queries. When you bring the assistant into the mix, you start getting even more different tips of queries, and queries are more casual, more conversational. And so over time I think it starts breaking down the barriers to computing people have, and that's what makes it very, very exciting. Now, artificial intelligence will help us push all that further. Just to give an example, we will make text to speech much, much better over time. Yesterday, we announced our Neural Machine Translation is launching in nine new languages. So all that starts accruing to the Assistant, and I think we'll overall improve the customer experience pretty dramatically. We'll talk about all this a lot more at Google I/O, so stay tuned.
Sundar Pichai: On advertising and monetization in YouTube, we talked a bit about it. We have taken it pretty seriously, and we are taking significant steps. And obviously as part of doing that, we have brought new technical solutions into place. Machine learning is a great example of it. It helps us enforce – as we improve our policies, it helps us enforce it better. And we are in early days, so as machine learning gets better, I think we'll be able to do all of this even better and create that virtuous cycle. Overall, I'm pretty confident at the rate at which we have made progress. And we're going to continue investing a lot here. It is super important to us that this ecosystem works well. It matters for advertisers. It matters for content creators. And so we take that responsibility very seriously. I would say advertisers have clearly noticed all the improvements we have made. Our conversations with them are very, very positive, and so I'm pretty optimistic about how we'll continue to make progress here. On Google Maps, your question is – it's a good question. I get surprised at, for a property which we had launched many, many years ago, even now it's showing strong growth, especially in emerging markets. Maps is an integral part of your mobile phone. And users get more interested in the real world around them with AR and so on, I think Maps will continue to play a bigger role. We take a long-term view. It's already impacting monetization very significantly for us with local search. So today, when you use Google, a lot of the information we are able to do is because of Google Maps. But I'm sure you've noticed changes within Google Maps over the past few months. If you open Google Maps, you're traveling or you're out on a Friday evening, we start surfacing a lot more interesting information about what you can do, places to eat, and so on. So those are beginning to get good feedback from users, and I think that gives us an opportunity to add value there over time as well.
Sundar Pichai: It's a great question. And I think there's a lot of opportunity for us. Today we have many touch points. Obviously people – we reach out to SMBs, they want to get listed in Search and in Maps. AdWords Express has been a big part of how they want to advertise on our platforms. We obviously provide things like Google Apps to SMBs. So we have a lot of touch points, and internally we are beginning to do a much better job of reaching out and having a more thoughtful go-to-market approach. I think there's a lot more work there, but the rate at which we are seeing advertisers – small, medium businesses – on our platform has been growing very, very strongly as well. So indications are that it's already currently working at scale. We have millions and millions of SMBs on our platform, and the number continues to grow very well. But you'll see us invest a lot more here in the years ahead.
Sundar Pichai: I think obviously when we see what users are looking for in mobile, how shopping is evolving, it's an area we're continuously working on. I've been happy to see the evolution in our shopping experiences. Retail overall also happens to be an amazing category for us from a Google Cloud standpoint, so in some ways we are developing deeper partnerships with retailers around the world. And so as we start doing that, and I think as we get a better understanding of their inventory and the data, how we can translate all of that into our core experience is a bit of the work ahead. I think that's what excites us about the longer term. Shorter term, I think it's a space we continue to invest in. We are actually seeing strong trends in that category.
Sundar Pichai: On the first part, (43:20) one of the things I've noticed is the depth of relationships we have with our advertisers was very evident to me as we went through this over the past few weeks. I would estimate – I think Philipp Schindler's team has probably made literally thousands and thousands of calls, in-person conversations, and I think that deep relationship is what allowed us to respond thoughtfully. And I think the feedback from our partners were very positive and constructive, and I think we are evolving overall to a better place. And so I think to me that shows the long-term investments you make in these relationships, et cetera, plays well at times like these. And Brandcast is again an important touch point, and the excitement ahead of Brandcast, both internally and from our partners, all has the right indications for us. On YouTube on Spaces, I visited the YouTube Space. I took my family to the YouTube Space in New York, and we had a lot of fun. Our creators love these spaces. They are something we are thoughtfully building out. They have a good return on investment for us, but we are very thoughtful about it. And I don't think that's a major factor in any of the CapEx we talked about here.
Sundar Pichai: I think – without getting into specifics, I think when we deal with regulatory issues, I mean, the concerns vary differently depending on local laws and what the concerns are. I think in the case of Russia, I think there were some specific issues. And I'm glad we were able to work together with the regulatory agencies there, with our partners there, to come to a good solution. I'm not sure that's the right template. But as much as we are very committed to making sure we work with all the right agencies in all the countries we operate in, and I'm confident we'll get to a good place.
Sundar Pichai: On your first question about YouTube TV, we're just getting started. I think the product is really intended for the YouTube generation. It's really great to see a take on how to consume TV, which is mobile first for that generation. And I think – I've been using the product and enjoying it. And I think that gives – as (50:50) we rethink that experience and make it work better and scale it up, I think it's – your question is valid. The delivery of ads on TV has also not evolved at the same speed as the delivery of ads and media content on the Internet. So I think – we think we have a significant opportunity to improve their experience, and especially for advertisers to be able to think across all these surfaces. So I think there's a lot of opportunity, but I think we are very focused on the consumer experience first. On your second question around longer-term impact, look, these types of issues are not new for us. Over the past many, many years, as we've built services, scaled it up on the ramp, (51:37) constantly things evolve. We adapt to it, be it from spam in email or how we do search ranking, and all the efforts we put into it. These are the classes of problems our engineers are really, really good at working. These are large-scale system problems, and especially with machine learning and AI, over time I think we can really put in the right systems in place. And our teams work very thoughtfully with the external ecosystem, with our advertisers, agencies, and partners. And I think that balance will help us get it right for the very long term.
Sundar Pichai: And on YouTube, when I look at it from a content creator standpoint, I think there are a lot of factors which are working well. So, for example, when we recently invested in original shows, we find that like over half the time people spend watching originals is on their mobile phones. We find that creators who are featured in originals experience a significant boost in YouTube subscribers and watch time on their main channels as well, often from new fans. So all of this shows us that the enthusiasm which is there for the platform, how creators can do unique things which are different from what they can do on other platforms. And I think that's what gives us the differentiation here. And in these areas, we are just getting started, and so there's a lot more to come. And I think that will help us provide better economics for them, better engagement for them, and I think positions us well.
Sundar Pichai: So I think obviously you're seeing we are very happy with the progress we have seen with Daydream. Just like we built Android, we are good at building platforms and ecosystems, and I think we are taking the right first steps with VR there as well. When I broadly look at VR and AR, I think all of us clearly understand the potential, and technically we are making the breakthroughs that are needed. And all of it needs to converge, from a hardware, software, services standpoint, to a stage where it has mass-market appeal. And I think that is still some ways away. The thing which gives me excitement is all these changes start happening with a set of early adopters and moves mainstream, and so we're engaging at that level with the early adopters. And that's where Daydream is working well. We are learning how to write great content on top of VR. YouTube, Google Earth VR, Tilt Brush – these are all great examples. So underlying technology wise, be it all the kinds of sensors and tracking you need to do, the machine learning and AI you need, things like voice recognition, everything – it's just a computing evolution, so everything we are investing today in machine learning and AI, as well as what we're doing in our computing platforms, transitions well. So I think we're already well-positioned to play this, and so I think we'll thoughtfully approach it. And we'll approach it more holistically.
Sundar Pichai: We are very focused, actually, on the consumer experience now, and it's a good question. And we've always had these questions, be it the early days of Search or when YouTube was first built out. How do I see (58:09) experiences created, like will YouTube ever make money? And so I think if you go and create these experiences in a way that works at scale for users, the monetization will follow. And obviously – and the models will be different than what we have today, but I think we are squarely focused right now on delivering a world-class experience through voice and through Assistant.
Ruth Porat: And then on your question on Waymo, we view Waymo as a great example of a graduate from X that's addressing a sizable problem and builds off of tremendous technology here. We started with safety; we remain a leader in safety. And we continue to view that as the foundation for success. And at this point we're exploring many options enabling ridesharing, personal-use vehicles, logistics, and deliveries, and we also see opportunities to work with cities to address public transportation. So the announcements that we made this week are a continuation of the progress the team has made. We do have a strong relationship with Fiat Chrysler, increased our car order, given the opportunity. They have been our primary partner to date, but to note we're in active discussions with others around the globe. And then I think, importantly, the trial in the Phoenix area is something that's been in the works for some time, and we do look forward for that trial. So it's still in the early days, and we're excited about the upside from Waymo.
Ruth Porat: Yeah, Exactly. In the CapEx, when I talked about production equipment, we were talking about machines, and that was the primary driver here. We're investing more machines given both our growing requirements and the higher cost of the new generation of machines and accelerators. So that will be more expensive in the short term, and we are continuing to build our inventory. But it does increase performance, and we believe reduce total cost of ownership in the longer term, so just to clarify that on CapEx.
Ruth Porat: Yeah, and really actually building on that, to answer the second part of your question. When we look at the ongoing momentum that you've seen here in Sites revenue, it really does go to innovation. No one change tends to drive results, it's really the combined benefit of all that we're doing across the franchise, continuing to invest in the business and the benefits that we see there. And that's the way we look at it, is we have tremendous opportunity continuing in mobile search and in YouTube across the business there. And as we're looking at these newer opportunities, all that we're doing in Cloud, in hardware, YouTube subscription businesses, we analyze each one of those individually, working very closely with the leaders and the milestones that are established there. We do very much across the business have an operating principle that too many resources and too few can lead to suboptimal decisions and execution. And so what we're looking at over a multiyear period is the pace of innovation that's appropriate, given the sizable opportunity. But the key point – and I've said it on so many different calls – is that we remain focused on long-term value creation. And we're excited about the growth opportunities, not just within Google but across Alphabet with all that we're doing in Other Bets. And so we're looking at these, again, individually, over a multiyear period, looking at milestones, and appropriately calibrating the pace of investment that is logical. And at the same time, we continue to have a focus on enhancing efficiencies where we can. But overall, as I keep saying, our main priority remains revenue and profit dollar growth.
Ruth Porat: So on Sites TAC, as we've often discussed, and as you said in your question, there are a number of factors that affect Sites TAC as a percentage of Sites revenue, and the primary driver has been the strong growth in mobile and the fact that more mobile searches are subject to TAC. The other factors include the mix of paid versus organic, as well as changes in partner, mix, or agreement terms. And when we look year over year, the primary driver of the increase is – very much to your question – the strength in mobile search. And we do expect Sites TAC to increase as a percentage of revenues. But, again, our focus continues to be on growing profit dollars. And I think the main point is we're very pleased to have a very strong business in a rapidly growing area. And that's benefiting our profit dollars even as the TAC percentage increases.
