Ruth Porat: Sure. Thanks Eric. So I will try to step back and start at the highest level. Obviously, on a reported GAAP basis revenue growth in Q1 reflects the FX headwind that we talked about in contrast to the tailwind last year and as you know well, we don’t report sites revenues on a fixed FX basis, but the delta between fixed and floating growth rates the Alphabet level is a good proxy for the effect on sites revenue. Beyond that, I tried to draw that the year-on-year growth rate in part reflects our strong 2018. And then more to your question as we indicated last quarter, the other item is the timing of product changes in Ads can impact year-on-year growth rates and we make changes with the focus on the best interest of users and advertisers over the long-term we do not manage by quarter, so we are introducing enhancements only after product testing, and that was sort of the overarching color that I was trying to give you. And in terms of desktop it was a modest contributor to revenue growth. It does remain an important form factor for certain more complex tasks such as planning vacations or assessing insurance options. And as we have talked about in prior calls, we continue to see the ongoing importance of desktop for many users and many tasks, notwithstanding the growing utility of mobile. So I led with the items that are really driving the growth but that was a bit more color on desktop for you.
Ruth Porat: Okay. So, starting with clicks and CBCs. As we have discussed on prior calls the biggest driver affecting those CBCs and click trends is YouTube engagement ads with YouTube Clicks representing the vast majority of total clicks. And so while YouTube Clicks continue to grow at a substantial pace in the first quarter, the rate of YouTube Click growth decelerated versus what was a strong Q1 last year reflecting changes that we made in early 2018, which we believe are overall additive to the user and advertiser experience. And then in terms of your two spending the investment questions, in terms of headcount, first, we do continue to expect the growth rate to moderate slightly in 2019 from the year-on-year growth in 2018. And as I indicated in opening comments, we are continuing to invest in technical talent for priority areas like cloud, search and ML. And so cloud has been and continues to be the primary area of headcount growth and as Thomas indicated as well, I think Sundar did as well. In terms of CapEx just to fill up the last part I think of your question. Relative to my comments last quarter that we expect the full year 2019 growth rates for CapEx to moderate quite significantly versus the year-on-year growth in 2018, there’s no change in our expectation for the year on that point either. The first quarter last year obviously included a sizable real estate acquisition in New York. But, overall, we continue to invest meaningfully in our technical infrastructure given our outlook for compute requirements to support long-term growth. Technical infrastructure is the biggest driver of CapEx growth, but we do also continue to invest in office facilities. In fact, as we announced in the first quarter, we expect CapEx of over $13 billion in 2019 just in the U.S. in data center construction and offices, with major expansions in 14 states. And more generally, while we are investing aggressively to support our outlook for compute requirements, we are also very focused on improving efficiency with our technical infrastructure and you can see that through our innovations and things like custom server hardware and TPUs, which can be more cost-effective especially for machine learning workloads.
Ruth Porat: So in terms of the sites TAC rate, a couple of things, we have discussed this previous -- on previous calls. We have expected the year-on-year growth in the TAC rate would begin to slow, starting in the second quarter last year and you saw that through the balance of 2018. And this quarter, the constant TAC rate versus last year reflects ongoing growth in mobile, but it also benefited from growth in YouTube, where the associated content and cost are included in other cost of sales, and so, that’s the most important thing to point to. The other is -- we have previously discussed is, TAC as a percentage of revenues is also affected by a number of other factors, such as changes in product mix, device mix, partner mix, et cetera. So I’d really point you to the first point there. And then, as it relates to Waymo, I guess, a couple of things. We continue to be most focused on the ride sharing business here. We are pleased with the expansion and the number of Waymo riders that we have added since the last quarter. But as we have talked about on prior calls, we do continue to pursue a number of other opportunities, long-haul trucking we have talked about, logistics, deliveries, personal use vehicles, last mile solutions for cities, and then probably more to your question, licensing our technology and we did announced in March that we are making one of our 3D-LiDAR sensors available to companies outside of the self-driving car service, beginning with robotics and physical security. In other words in, for warehouse use or for farming and our view was that, that can provide further operating leverage to our business. So we are actually looking at a number of different ways, but their primary focus continues to be on developing the ride hailing business.
Ruth Porat: So in terms of the Mobile Search and the Site’s revenue more broadly, I think, the main point, as we have both tried to indicate in opening comments is, we view the advertising opportunity is significant, given, in particular, the opportunity with machine learning, both for users and advertisers, as well as our commitments to product innovation and being the backdrop of an environment, which nearly half of the budgets in the U.S. are still spent offline and about 90% of commerce in the U.S. is still offline and we are focused on digital playing bigger role in that and tapping into other marketing budgets, by offering an attractive ROI. And then, apart from people spending more time on digital content, to your question, we know the better measurement, better ad delivery, better user experience, all help grow the pie for everyone in the ecosystem. And then more broadly, within YouTube, as we talked about last quarter, we do continue to see significant growth in direct response and we remain excited about the upside potential there. Brand advertising is still the largest part of the business. It’s growing at a stronger pace. But we would called out direct response given what we see as the upside potential.
Ruth Porat: So in terms of the regions, the year-on-year growth rates reflect the product comments that I have made with respect to the first quarter. The -- I think the -- you had the U.S. and Europe had about the same delta year-on-year. Other Americas was more pronounced. That was really more of the impact of hardware. And then APAC, I think maybe was guiding some of your question, continues to be a very strong performer and continue to deliver in the 30% plus or I think 31% on a fixed FX basis. We are well-positioned growth throughout the regions. Sundar’s comments on some of the things that we are seeing, a big focus on the next billion users and excited about the opportunities across the Board there.
Ruth Porat: The opening comments I said that one of the points is that we had a strong year last year and we are looking at performance in line with that. I would say more broadly overall in terms of go-to-market, our long-term investment thesis remains unchanged. We are excited about the opportunities ahead. We do continue to invest to ensure we remain well-positioned for the long-term. That applies across the businesses and so that there wasn’t a change that anything other than the comments that I had made. I think if I could just maybe expand on the investing pace, as we are looking at the pace of investing and supporting growth around the globe, what we are really looking at is what’s needed to support long-term revenue and earnings growth, the operating margin did benefit, and as I noted in my opening comments that, from the fact that Q1 marketing expense, growth moderated, but that was the timing issue. We do expect to pick up the marketing expense in the second quarter and other than that really nothing to comment on.
Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Heather. Good question. Overall, I would say, I think, you saw it -- saw the momentum coming out of Next. And I would say, the high level the key differentiators which we are focused on and which we hear from customers to the five key things are security and reliability, being really open about hybrid multi-cloud, customers don’t want to be locked into anyone Cloud provider. We want to be a platform for open source and so we are really working well there in enabling options. AI, ML as a capability. And finally, as customers think about digital transformations we bring all of Google’s advances to bear to help them through the journey. I think I would say, Thomas is really building upon a strong foundation, but we are really accelerating and scaling up go-to-market both internally and through our channel partners has been a huge focus. I am incredibly excited that, we just announced a couple of weeks ago that Rob Enslin has joined us to head go-to-market and just along with Thomas, both of them bring close to three decades of serving enterprise customers, and so that reflects the commitment we have. I think we are building a strong business across all our verticals, and we are definitely are seeing a strong momentum, and look forward to being able to share more at the appropriate time.
Sundar Pichai: I mean, I think, there genuinely, I mean, I think, we see genuine excitement, because I think, they see the opportunity for a shift, a point of inflection, but they realized the technical challenge of pulling something like this off. And so, but once they get their hands on with the technology and then they see the experience, I think, completely wins people over. And so we are having conversations across the Board and I think people are definitely engaging in a very committed way and they are investing in it and so it’s up to us to bring it all together and have a compelling service later this year and that’s what the team has had done working on. But I think, not pushback per se, but they want to see our commitment, which is what we demonstrate and they are working hard to make the investments on their side. And so it’s a big joint effort and it’s working well.
Sundar Pichai: Yeah. Maybe I will start with the YouTube comments. I talked about in the area of content responsibility, we are definitely focused on making sure we are constantly improving how we are handling both in terms of reducing the content and shouldn’t be there on the platform, and then more importantly, making sure when we recommend content that we are recommending high-quality content as well as reducing harmful content or low-quality content being recommended. I think we had a set of launch which we have rolled out, but I think there are more lunches coming which will constantly improve what you will see in YouTube and continues to be the most important area of focus for them. On the first question in terms of products, I think, we are -- I presume when you say it back to product changes, I think, you are talking about the advertising experience. I think the main thing I would say is, I mean, we don’t -- I think we have a long-term way of thinking about where we want to go and we were disciplined framework by which we think and evolve our products. We don’t necessarily look at it from a quarter-on-quarter basis, though, we obviously have had consistent performances. We approach our work differently and so you are going to have quarter-to-quarter variations once in a while. But we remain confident about the opportunities we see and I am looking ahead to that and we are focused on that.
Sundar Pichai: Thanks. And you are right, these are a couple of very months and its particularly busy leading up to I/O. And I would say in terms of how we work together, first of all, as a company, I think, we take our -- okay, our process extraordinarily serious in a very committed way. And we do right across company okay hours and it really reinforces ways by which different groups can work together, and we measure them and hold people accountable to that. That’s an important part of how we get at businesses both while they are focus on their product areas our business need to work together. Second as a leadership attribute, it something that’s really important to me and so it’s something that the leaders across the table share that goal, and I think, it’s largely cultural as well, vis-à-vis privacy and it’s actually one of our most important areas. As a company, we have always tried to stay a step ahead. User expectations around privacy are constantly evolving and we stretch ourselves to meet them, and as part of that through this year, we are continuing to do a lot of work just with the overall goal of making sure privacy works for everyone. It’s actually simple to use. And as part of that, we will have more changes through the course of this year be it Chrome, Chrome is super committed to making sure it’s best-in-class in privacy and security, and we always put user experience first and follow through. Through all these changes, we need to be mindful of the content ecosystem and the publisher ecosystem. Advertising continues to be an important way by, which they create value and they see value and so we are very thoughtful about how we approach our work. And there’s been a lot of interest across the Board. I think we are early on engaged with GDPR, our big supporters of it in terms of being constructive and working early to get ready. I think it’s important U.S. supports -- has a clear from work on our federal basis for privacy regulation and it’s something, we feel is timely as well, and so we have call for it and happy to be thought leaders as well as engage where needed.
Sundar Pichai: On the first question around seasonality and stuff we -- throughout the course of the year, we always deal with many events in a no pattern as. There are a few patterns which are consistent year-on-year, but there are always one-off events which happen, so there is in-built variations -- so which we work through every quarter and so I think that’s a natural part of what we do. There’s definitely seasonality in businesses like hardware and that you are right commercial behavior has seasonality associated with it. But we do deal a lot with one-off events as well and -- but we always work our way through it. On machine learning, I do think we are at very early days. I am excited that over the last three years, taking AI first approach we have really incorporated machine learning core -- in a core way across our product to benefit our users and that’s true for advertising as well. I think we are in early stages of making it easier for businesses to understand what they are looking for and us taking care of more and more work, and we are doing it across the Board, but there’s a lot of headroom here.
Sundar Pichai: Justin, on the hardware business, as I said earlier, we are still in our early days. But our commitment is very strong. We really see this incredibly important to drive the future of computing forward and to make sure our services are presented to users in the way that we intended them to be, and so overall, we view it as a hugely important opportunity. When we look at the business even for -- given we are more recent to it, we already -- if you take AES like Google Home and Assistant products, we are doing really well. We see strong momentum. I think we are market leaders in the category and especially when you take a look at it on a global basis. And so for -- computing will continue to evolve even beyond phones and so we want to make sure we are in there and we are very committed to it for the long-term. Phones, definitely, across as an industry, I think, they are working through a phase where there is definite year-on-year headwinds. But I do think, especially, the ecosystem is constantly pushing it forward. I continue to be excited about the innovations be it, 5G coming or the early look into foldable phones, which Android plays a big part in driving. So I do think there is a lot more to come and we are focused on it. When I look at the product quality, how it’s improving, user feedback in terms of Net Promoter Scores and the range of lineup that we are working and how our products are getting better year-on-year I remain very excited.
Sundar Pichai: And I don’t think there are any demand issues to the last part of your question, and as we said earlier, we work through a set of product development pipeline in a very disciplined way focused on user experience and that makes it’s way too and that’s how we approach it.
