Patrick Pichette: Thank you, Susan. So Jamie, our operator, is going to help us through this. Jamie, you can just set up the call for Q&A. And as I said, we'll have Susan, Nikesh, Larry, and myself to answer any questions you may have.
Patrick Pichette: I'll let Nikesh answer the first part of the question, and then Larry will talk about the patent issues.
Patrick Pichette: Panda, once again a great example of putting the user first ends up benefiting everybody in the end, the publishers, the advertisers, and the users.
Patrick Pichette: Susan, views on the difference and the similarities between the local and our traditional ads market.
Patrick Pichette: The last piece in the puzzle is, obviously Susan, Mobile, which is completely integrated from an ads perspective and targeting as well.
Patrick Pichette: Let me say just that what's been really cool about local for us, in the addition to what Susan has mentioned a few minutes ago is, you have to think of it as we are in fact assembling all the pieces of the puzzle. Local is actually a quite complex experience, but when you have Maps, you have Mobile, you have Wallet, you have all the ads serving, you basically have the pieces of the puzzle to succeed, and it's not as much what was yesterday's tools that we had, and how do we evolve only yesterday's tools, it's about taking those pieces of the puzzle and really creating true innovative services. And that's how we have to think about local. And that's why it's not obvious. But if you look at the arsenal we're building, it's actually quite formidable. So that's why we're excited by that. Thanks Jason for your question.
Patrick Pichette: I'll answer the first one, and then I'll let Susan answer the second. On headcount, again, as we said on the call, roughly, we have IT for 450 so roughly about 2000 for the quarter, and Larry comment on that. And we -- there's still a huge amount of engineers in that. It just happens that R&D is actually in every line item. So you'll find in many other areas of our P&L. And so you should not worry. We have a complete focus to make sure that we actually have a majority of our hiring that is focused on Engineering, which is really the core of the business and then we continue to kind of -- then you have the mix of sales and then just general overhead. It's really engineering and sales that have been the focus in that sequence. For Display, I'll let Susan talk about it.
Patrick Pichette: So why don't I let Susan actually give you a bit of color on our CPC and evolution, and then Larry will take on the latter, the social one.
Patrick Pichette: I'll answer the first one, the latter one, and then I'll let Larry talk about hiring in general. The P&L, yes, it is a combination of factors this quarter. So in that cost is also included headcount. And so headcount is actually increased. Power is increased because of seasonality. It's summer now, so our power is a little higher. And we've also had kind of catch up on expenses on some of the equipment. So there's been a bit of a between Q1 and Q2, there's been a bit of a cleanup in some of the areas of equipment that have actually slightly deflated Q1 and inflated Q2 as we finish the clean up, so that was a bit of a catch up there. So I wouldn't read the data point between Q1 and Q2. Don't create a graph with that, with that line. But it's a bit of everything, including a bit of cleanup and some of the equipment accounts. For the issue of hiring, I'll let Larry actually talk about general where we stand right now.
Patrick Pichette: With that, I just want to thank Larry for joining us today, and Nikesh, and Susan for the comments as well as the Q&A. I want to thank, once again as I always do, all the Googlers out there. Our fantastic Googlers that have made this quarter possible. And all of the innovation, especially I think it's worth mentioning, our Google+ team that has done a phenomenal job in this launch. So 2 thumbs up. So on behalf of all of us here, congratulations and many thanks to all of our gang at Google. With that, I'll let you, Jamie, close the call. And thank you, everybody, for participating today.
Larry Page: To your question on Android and patents and so on. Obviously we have a number of intellectual property patents in progress not just already issued. I must just say, Android's really on a tear. I mentioned there were over 550,000 new Android daily activations previously. And there's over 400 such devices, 39 OEMs, 231 carriers in 123 countries, and over 78 open handset alliance partners. And that velocity is only increasing. And of course despite the efforts of some of our competitors, there hasn't been any slowdown in any of those things. And partners and developers are continuing to expand the Android ecosystem. Of course we're really committed to Android and continued to support that platform and ecosystem, and do it in a cost effective manner.
Larry Page: This is Larry. I'm super excited about the changes we've made and I think as companies scale, we always change how we're running the company over time. So I think we have a much more of a product focused structure now, which I'm very excited about and talked about it. And I think that maintaining and improving our velocity and execution is a really noble goal for us. And it requires always a lot of work in companies. And I think that's super important direction for us, and I'm really excited about it.
Larry Page: Absolutely, thanks for the question. I think certainly Eric is a great partner and leader for me and for Google for the last 10 years, and continues to play a big part in the company. So I don't think there's, like we said before, there's no major changes in what we're doing. And I'll reiterate maybe a little bit and add a little detail to what I already said. I think about really in our products in 3 separate categories. First, through Search and our Ads business, which is the core driver of revenue for the company. We really invest in that, we work hard on it. Next we have businesses that are enjoying really high consumer success. For example, YouTube, Android, and Chrome. And we invest in those in order top them for long-term success. And we have some new businesses on Google+, Commerce, and Local that we're really excited about and are at pretty early stage and those things we invest in as well. And we don't do things that we don't think will generate really big returns over time. So we're optimizing for our long-term economic success. But we do have these very different buckets of things that we work on.
Larry Page: I'll answer the first part, this is Larry. Google+ actually has a lot of interesting product integration. The black Google bar that you see is an entry point and notification point for Plus across basically all of our properties. And we're really excited about that, and think it's a big deal. Suffice to say there are many things that you would do with Plus and with +1 that affect what you would see in search results. Like I mentioned, when you +1 something, your friends will see it in search. So absolutely, and I hope it was clear that was our strategy, but we're very focused on improving all of Google, improving the sharing and identity across all of Google.
Larry Page: We have a lot of stuff to do here at Google, and unfortunately one of the things we don't get to decide is our stock price. So you all are in charge of that. I think we're really focused on our long-term success as a business and the kind of things I mentioned already are absolute, overall profitability over the long-term and our revenue growth. And so, we tend to focus much more on that, with a much more long-term view than we do on our stock price.
Larry Page: We are -- on the integration point, we obviously have a lot of different products that do different things for different people. And we know one effort that I mentioned, I've been really excited about, is this visual redesign. And I also mentioned the bar that goes across the black bar that goes across with Google+, that gives you a notification on sharing and so on. We're definitely working hard to integrate our products better to make the user experience simpler, intuitive and beautiful and consistent. And I'm really excited about our progress just in one quarter on that and I think you'll -- we're certainly working hard on that. And we have to continue to over time. On the Plus growth question, we've been very, very excited about the growth we've seen and the engagement we've seen. Over 1 billion items shared and received in a single day. And I think that for us, there's a lot of barriers to use Plus right now. One thing, you have to be invited and so on and it's still in field trial. So I think given all that, were just extremely excited about that. But it's very early days. It's been less than 2 weeks since we released it into field trial.
Larry Page: I'll just add too in the headcount question. None of the focus there has changed substantially from our past.
Larry Page: I think we've been really excited about Google+ really improving the overall social experience and making it more like how you would share in real-life. And that's really a different product than is out there now. And we're getting just rave reviews for that. People really like being able to share with more discrete groups in an easy way, intuitive way, and there's a lot of magic built into the product that causes that. And as you say, you asked about the photos, we actually have a really great photo experience on the Android. Like if you take a picture on Android and you have Google+ client, which you would have, if you're using it. It uploads your photos automatically, and it's super easy to share them and post-them to your friends, or your family or whatever. It's a really, really great experience. So there is legacy in Google, as a company, believes in users owning their own data and being able to easily move it out of Google. As some of our competitors don't believe in that. We think the users will eventually move to services that are in their best interest and that work really well for them.
Larry Page: That's a great question. I think just a couple of factors that affected that and I think you know we implemented compensation changes in Q1. We increased our employee compensation. And they've had even more positive effect on hiring and retention than when we expected. It's been a super successful change. And I think in general this has more excited people who want to work at Google and who want to stay working at Google than we expected. And so that's had some impact on those numbers. Of course there's a limit on how many we can -- and how fast we can productively hire, and I said this in my remark, I think kind of my judgments where at the edge of that piece being reasonable. We're just adding a lot of people. And I'd say that we're always looking for good people, and we're always -- the exact rate is going to depend on success and where we really want to invest in the company. We have a really strong management team. I said that's working together fabulously, and we can absorb those hires and put them to use well. But like I said, we're definitely -- we're surprised that the success of our previous changes around compensation as well.
Susan Wojcicki: Yes, so I think the first thing I would say about social is that we're very early right now. And really our focus with Google+ will be to focus on making sure that we have a wonderful consumer and user experience. From a targeting perspective, there are a number of signals that we use right now. Obviously keyword on Search, contextual, interspaced advertising, demographics, and social signals overtime can be an important part of that. But it would be one of multiple ways that we actually do targeting. When we did rollout Google+, we do have pluses on all the ads this is what we do in search results. So if the user does click on it, and someone on their circle has actually does a query and triggers that, then there will be social annotations, which will be useful information for the user to see that their friend has +1-ed that ad.
Susan Wojcicki: On the richer ad formats, we see a few important opportunities for us, and what we feel about them is it gives us the opportunity to make those ads better for the users. And as we can create better experiences for our users, they're more likely to have the information that a user wants. And so what we'd hope to see is a click-through increase over time. And hopefully, for the advertiser on the back end, a better conversion. So in terms of click growth, and what's actually driving the click growth that we see, it's a matter of factors. One of them is always going to be query growth that we have. Second thing would be on improvements that we have to our back end quality models. So the better the quality model is, the more likely we are to actually match the right advertisement to the right user. And we had a number of good ads, as I mentioned, not just good, we had great ads quality launches this quarter, and a number of ad formats that made the ads more readable. And by making them more readable, the users are more likely to click on them. And that turns into click growth. And then on the last question that you had, which was Panda, Panda was a change made by the search team with the goal of improving overall search experience. There was, as we talked about last time, some negative effects from the AdSense partners. However, Panda does -- or any search quality that we make, does have a change of ranking, which means that there are different sites that wind up getting traffic. And that those sites may adjust their monetization strategy over time. And so it may just take some time for that to actually balance out. And also, in terms of the last question, we don't really comment about future changes that we're going to make, but we're always thinking about the right way to continue to improve the search results for our users.
Susan Wojcicki: Yes, Local can be thought about 2 different ways. Local can be the large retailers who have many different points of presence. So, for example, Starbucks or Pizza Hut or any retailer which is a large holding company or one large retailer, but then has many different local points of presence and then there's a separate bucket which are the small Joe's coffee shop example. And both of them need different things from a product perspective in order to be able to advertise more broadly. And we are working in both buckets to solve and make them advertisers on AdWords with solutions that will work for them. The large ones need functionality of how do I run a campaign in all of these different locations with different keywords, different pricing. And so we're working to enable location in our AdWords campaigns where you're managing a large account to make that much easier. The Joe's Coffee Shop example, what we're working on is enabling signing up for AdWords to be a much easier experience. So we actually have a product that we released this quarter called Google Boost. And Boost, a product is a 1 page, 5 minute sign-up for advertisers. It's very easy to sign-up. We haven't marketed it a lot right now but we have seen good success with our advertisers. And we're hoping to make that more known to our advertisers.
Susan Wojcicki: Yes, the other thing too is we would like to make all of our products be accessible from a Mobile perspective. Click-to-Call would be an example. Click-to-Call is really nice so that as someone, for example, is local walking down the street, they can actually call. But it's also really nice from the small retailer perspective, because they can understand that they're getting a call and they're getting a lead, which for them would be much more tangible than actually a click to their page. So we're investing very heavily in that in terms of Click-to-Call technology and the good tracking for the local advertisers.
Susan Wojcicki: On Display, our biggest O and O property is obviously YouTube. And given the numbers that we saw, we've seen tremendous growth there and a huge opportunity to monetize video as more users come online, and more content lines are being uploaded on YouTube. But the strategy, and our Display strategy overall is dependent not just on O and O. It also has many other components. The first of being to be a platform to enable advertisers and publishers to much more easily buy and sell Display advertising. And then second, to enable all of the sites out there, of which there are of course many, many millions, hundreds of millions of them, for them to be able to monetize and sell display advertising and for us to be able to help them as part of that process and via our network, where we have a lot of different targeting techniques to try to serve the right ad to those users. So really our strategy is part O and O with our sites like YouTube, but then also to continue to build a great network and platform products to that advertisers and publishers across the industry can serve Display advertising.
Susan Wojcicki: The drivers of CPC, there are few of them. One of them in this quarter was FX, certainly. But we've been really focused on our ads quality improvements, and how do we continue to obviously make our ads better for our users and for our advertisers. And in doing so, we've actually -- we done a lot of optimization of our ads that appear above the search results like site links, some of the ad changes in the formats that we made this quarter, and a lot of the ads that appear above the top search results tend to be higher CPC because they're the first 3 ads. So as we continue to optimize and really drive a lot of the increased click-through and visibility for the ads that appear above the search results, you will see -- since those tend to be higher CPC because they're at the top of the results, you will see some of that increasing.
