Ruth Porat: Thanks, Brian. So in terms of the ad business, I would say, as I did in the opening comments, we were very pleased with the year-on-year Search revenue growth in the first quarter, up 24%. And it really reflected the strength that we've seen in retail, as Philipp and I commented on.  I would say -- as you're asking how are we looking forward, I would say the revenue growth rates that we delivered in 2021 in Search and across our advertising businesses more generally, as I said in the opening comments, did benefit from lapping the COVID-related weakness in 2020. So I think one key point is that we're not going to have that tailwind for the rest of this year. And as I noted, one of the key areas to focus is Q2 of 2020. That was where we had the largest impact from COVID. So that means in the second quarter of 2022, we're going to face a tough comp, as I said.  I would say, in addition, the second quarter results are going to continue to reflect that we suspended the vast majority of our commercial activities in Russia. And then I noted the impact of foreign exchange. So as we're looking at it generally, we feel good about what we're doing in the business, a couple of key points that I called out there. 
Ruth Porat: Great. So I'll start on the first question and revenue impact. I think you are asking from the war and anything else that was relevant there. I would say the most important, as both Sundar and Philipp said, is what a tragic humanitarian crisis this is. And across Google, we're doing a lot to provide support.  In terms of revenues, the most direct impact is the fact that we suspended the vast majority of our commercial activities in Russia, as we announced in early March. And to your question, about 1% of Google revenues were from Russia in 2021, and that was primarily from advertising.  In addition, from the outset of the war, there was a pullback in advertiser spend, particularly on YouTube in Europe. So a couple of impacts from the war.  And I guess over to Philipp with respect to YouTube and trends there. 
Ruth Porat: Thanks for the questions. So with respect to Search and ATT, there's really nothing to highlight. We haven't seen a noticeable shift in spend.  And then in terms of overall margins and how we're thinking about investing, what I tried to make clear is we do continue to plan to invest aggressively this year. I made that point in opening comments with respect to both ongoing hiring at a rapid clip as well as ongoing investment in technical infrastructure.  And I would say in terms of margins, we do remain focused on investing for long-term value creation. And as we noted, last year, in 2021, our margins did benefit from substantial revenue growth, while at the same time, expense growth ramped more gradually during the year. And in certain respects, as we talked about last year, margins benefited from what I described as a bit of a timing difference between revenue growth and expense growth.  And there were 2 other benefits worth calling out that we talked about last year that affected operating margin. The first was the impact from the change in useful lives that we called out last year, and that benefited the year-on-year growth in expenses last year. And the second was the impact of foreign exchange, which was a tailwind last year, but as I noted, has really flipped to a headwind given the strength of the U.S. dollar. And as a reminder, the impact of foreign exchange is greater on operating income than it is on revenue given our expense base is weighted towards the U.S. with most of our R&D efforts located here in the U.S.  So the main thing is, the key point, we are very focused on long-term value creation. And in our view, given the opportunities we see, there are some key investments that we're continuing to make. 
Ruth Porat: Thanks for the questions. So in terms of YouTube, I think there are a couple of questions in your question. In terms of the deceleration in the year-on-year revenue growth rate relative to the first quarter, the largest factor was lapping an exceptionally strong quarter in direct response, as we noted last year.  In addition to that direct response lapping, there were a couple of other items worth noting. First, as I've already mentioned, the war that did have an outsized impact on YouTube ads relative to the rest of Google. And that was both from suspending the vast majority of our commercial activities in Russia as well as, as I noted earlier, the related reduction in spend primarily by brand advertisers in Europe.  Then in addition, as we mentioned on the third quarter earnings call, we continue to experience a headwind from ATT primarily in direct response. And the dollar impact from ATT has been consistent since it was implemented in April of last year. And then there's the FX headwind I've already commented on.  I would say to the other part of your question, we're experiencing a slight headwind to revenue growth as Shorts viewership grows as a percentage of total YouTube time. We are testing monetization on Shorts, and early advertiser feedback and results are encouraging. And the team is focused on closing the gap with traditional YouTube ads over time. So we're excited about the new opportunities with Shorts, but a slight headwind. 
Ruth Porat: So in terms of the first question, impact from the war, I think it's too early to comment. Tragically, it is still ongoing. So too early to comment there.  And then overall, in terms of YouTube and engagement, I noted on both YouTube's advertising business as well as the subscription businesses, the performance there, I'd say, over the past few years, we've seen significant investment in online video. There's been a ton of innovation. We think innovation is positive. Broadly, we continue to benefit from the fact that there are 2 billion logged-in viewers who visit YouTube every single month. And people are creating comment -- content on YouTube at a very active rate. We're really pleased with what we see there, and our team does remain focused on innovating and helping creators grow.  As Sundar said, Shorts now has 30 billion daily views. That's 4x higher than a year ago. And I think that really goes to your question about the level of activity that we're seeing. 
Ruth Porat: Yes. In terms of geographic color, just to even broaden out your question a bit more and go through the various regions, so in the U.S., we were pleased with the 27% year-on-year growth. And I think nothing to call out there. In Europe, as you noted in your question, the slightly bigger impact from the war in Ukraine than in other regions, and then the sizable delta between fixed and floating really reflects the meaningful strengthening of the dollar versus the euro.  I guess to the heart of your question with respect to APAC, the main thing there is to take you back to a year ago, we were lapping a substantial 39% growth rate in constant currency. And so this really reflects lapping that sizable growth relative to more muted ads performance in APAC this first quarter, and it really takes you just back to last quarter. In other -- Americas, it was much more about the FX headwind more than anything else. 
Ruth Porat: And then in terms of the YouTube subscription businesses. As I said, they continue to deliver substantial revenue growth, and that was driven by subscriber growth for both YouTube TV as well as YouTube Music and Premium. So pleased with what we're seeing there. 
Philipp Schindler: And to your question on Performance Max, which we covered last quarter as well, maybe just a quick recap. It really brings together the best of Google's automation to help advertisers maximize their reach and efficiency across our channels. Using the same input, we can now serve campaigns on multiple inventory formats, expanding an advertisers' reach with the same effort.  And by the way, just today, we announced new features for Performance Max, including new customer acquisition goals, new campaign level insights. More details about the one-click upgrade tool for Smart Shopping and Local campaigns. So we're very, very committed to helping Performance Max deliver for our advertisers and have been very open to advertiser feedback how we can do this.  And specifically on your time axis, I don't think there is a material difference to the time axis that we've looked at in previous rollouts. As always, focused on generating the maximum value and performance for our advertising partners. 
Philipp Schindler: So maybe to dig a little deeper into the part of your questions around Shorts. Shorts went global, rolled out to over 100 countries, and as Sundar mentioned, now has 30 billion daily views, which is 4x higher than a year ago. And if we take the creator view, we're taking a fresh look at what it means to monetize Shorts and reward creators for their short-term videos. The first step, I think, is our $100 million YouTube Shorts Fund, which is now available in over 100 countries globally. And over 40% of creators who will receive payment from the Shorts Funds in 2021 weren't in the YouTube Partner Program, just as an interesting number.  And then on the advertiser view side, as I mentioned earlier, we're testing ads on Shorts with products like app install and Video action campaigns and are encouraged by the early results. And so all in all, I think we're deeply committed to supporting the next generation of mobile creators here on YouTube and are very actively working on what monetization could look like in the future. 
Philipp Schindler: Look, maybe I'll start on the first part of your question. It's very similar to what Ruth said before. I mean we've seen significant investment in online video, and there's been a ton of innovation. But there are 2 billion plus logged-in viewers who visit YouTube every single month, and more people are creating content on YouTube than we've ever seen before. And the team remains very focused on trying to help creators grow, trying to innovate.  And just to give you a number, 2021, the number of YouTube channels that had made at least $10,000 in revenue was up more than 40% year-over-year. And we're heavily investing in Shorts, in the connected TV and shopping. You heard the stats from Sundar on the 30 billion daily views. So we continue to invest and new monetization options for creators beyond ads are a big part of what we're doing. And as I said before, testing ads on Shorts are encouraged by initial results. 
Philipp Schindler: So I can take the one on the Google Analytics side. This is something we've been working on for a very long time. There is no specific relation to what you've mentioned. This is one of the normal upgrades to our products that we're doing on a quite regular basis. We're very excited about it. Advertisers are excited about it. Our partners are happy about it. So this is -- yes, this is a nice one. We like it. 
Sundar Pichai: On the second part of the question about DMA and -- regulation. Look, we support a number of DMA's goals, including expanded consumer choice, interoperability. Obviously, the implementation deals will be important, and we are still -- it's too early to tell, but we'll be working as we have done over the past many years. We'll be engaging constructively, including regulatory dialogue, to understand and make progress. 
Sundar Pichai: Thanks. Look, overall across the board, I'm excited because you saw in my earlier remarks there's a lot of product innovation across the key areas, be it data and analytics, cybersecurity, our open multicloud as well as Google Workspace. So when I look at the innovation in the product pipeline and the overall demand we are seeing and how early our journey is, there's definitely a lot to look forward to. Cybersecurity has been a particular focus. We obviously are excited about our acquisition of Mandiant, which I think will help us serve customers deeper as well.  But overall, the execution has been great. We are scaling up, particularly in our go-to-market as well. And I think that will play out well. And over time, as we focus on converting bookings to consumption as well, I think it will play out well, taking a long-run view and methodically scaling up and executing better. So that's what I'm excited about. 
Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Stephen. Obviously, we've been focused on making sure payments works well. One, maybe you can step back and think about it as that our payment strategy is very similar to the strategy we have for commerce overall. We want to make all of this work easier, both on the merchant and the financial institution side, and making sure they can connect with the customers well. And you mentioned the work in India that was certainly what really got everything started. We are now -- 150 million people across 40 countries are using Google Pay.  And your questions about making -- first of all, we're making sure it works across the board, works well, easy to use for all the sites. And then over time, we will innovate and build new digital experiences. Simple examples you saw was we rolled out the ability for users to pay for parking on Google Pay with their voice just using Google Assistant.  So really building for scale, building for simplicity. And then over time, we will layer on additional helpful features. But we are definitely focused on the first part now, making sure it works well for as many users across the world. 
