Philipp Schindler: Thanks, Sundar, and hi, everyone. It's great to be with you all today. We are pleased with the growth in Google Services revenues in the third quarter. Year-on-year performance was driven by broad-based strength and advertisers spend. Consumer online activity also remained elevated. In the third quarter, Retail was, again, by far the largest contributor to year-on-year of our Apps business.  Media and entertainment, finance, and travel were also strong contributors. Let's take a deeper look at some of the trends that drove this quarter's performance. First, from a big picture global recovery perspective, we continue to see a lot of unevenness. Some economies have restarted and re-accelerated or be at different speeds.  Other countries, depending on local regulations and vaccines, have been slower to rebound. It's clear that uncertainty is the new normal. The world is in flux. So, when it comes to anticipating change, predicting demand, and investing in innovation, businesses need as much support now as they did a year-and-a-half ago.  And we continue to help, like in travel, where hotel free booking links are increasing traffic for many partners from OTAs to boutique hotels. Consumers like more choice. Travel partners like free exposure.
Philipp Schindler: So, to the second part of your question, we continue to watch countries as vaccination rates climb and local regulations ease. We expect some amount of heterogeneity in recovery depending obviously on location and vaccination rates. But because every region is different, it's hard to make a generalization from the data right now. That said, the consumer shift to digital is real and will continue even as we start seeing people return to stores.  Shopping habits have ebbed and flowed over the last 20 months. But the underlying takeaway is that people want more choice. They want more information, more flexibility, and we don't see this reversing. Omni -channel, I talked about it, is definitely in full force. I said this earlier. We've been really focused on building features and solutions to help retailers, large and small, succeed here.  And we think this will continue as the world reopens, and shoppers fluctuate between online and in-store based on whatever is really more convenient. YouTube is exciting for many reasons. It's incredible to see lot of content that's valuable for people across so many topics, and we're helping advertisers tap into this.  And whether it's browsing for inspiration, product research or actually making the purchase a billion shopping sessions happen across Google every day, and they are happening on search, in YouTube, in image search, in the shopping tab, on Lens, and so on. So frankly, we are really encouraged by the long-term opportunity in commerce, and we are laser focused on helping business of all sizes connect with their customers
Philipp Schindler: So, from our standpoint, we see ATT (ph.) is one aspect of the many broader ecosystem changes that are on the way, and we've been investing in privacy preserving technology for many years. Our focus is on supporting developers, small and large advertisers, creators’ publishers, so that they're able to mitigate impact to their businesses.  And we really see the future of digital advertising being built on advances and privacy preserving on device technologies which support the free and open Internet. And obviously, a robust ads ecosystem on your supply chain questions. I would say performance in Q3 was strong across revenue lines, regions, and nearly all verticals.  In line with the widespread reporting of supply chain weakness in the audit industry, we've seen some impact on vehicles within the auto vertical which started earlier in the year, although the impact has really been offset somewhat by increased demand in related areas like parts, accessories, repairs, and maintenance.
Sundar Pichai: Eric. Great question. You're right in the fact that AI and ML itself is broader, deeper investments we are driving, and we're using it across our product portfolio. The recent launch of Tensor in Pixel six a great example of that.  So, for example, we're willing to go as steep in the stack as needed. Silicon both on the cloud side with our Tensor Processing Units and Google Tensor on the client side is an example of that. Overall, thinking through computer, networking, building data centers, making sure they are clean and carbon-free, and really investing in the advanced models and algorithms on top, which is a lot of it just done by our AI research teams.  So, making sure we're able to attract the best talent across the world is all part of that. So, but you you'll continue to me to see us undertake deep technology investments and beyond the horizon. That's why we're thinking even about areas like quantum computing and so on.
Sundar Pichai: I'll take the second one first. On augmented reality, we've -- for a while, we've deeply focused on thinking through computing for the long-term. We've talked about ambient computing, and it's just a matter of time before beyond phones, you will see other successful form factors and AI is an exciting part of that future. We are looking at all deep investments, we need to make. I think it's going to take some time.  And so, for example, when you look at something like Google Lens or when you look at the fact that we are making search work in a multimodal way, or when you think about YouTube and making sure it works well. We are AI world so we are, obviously, investing in all our services.  And beyond that from a computing standpoint, both our hardware teams as well as our platform teams are thinking through definitely, and it's going to be a major area of investment for us. On the first question, I think Philipp spoke about Shopping via, obviously, searches -- part of what makes S search so successful is people use it for a wide variety of use cases.  And so, we really invest comprehensively across all experiences, be it Local and Maps, be it images, be it videos. And so, we're definitely investing a lot. People do come to search for education as well, so making sure we're comprehensive.  Health has been a major area of focus, particularly through the pandemic. And so, the strength of searches both in its depth and breadth and so, and then getting it tried with high focus on quality and will continue to do that.
Sundar Pichai: On the first question around ad budgets and shift and stuff, I don't think there's anything notable that we have observed to comment on.
Sundar Pichai: Thanks. Look, overall, we continue to see strong momentum. The team is executing well. You mentioned Big Query, Data and Analytics, and AI, continues to be a foundational shift for what companies are trying to completion, and Big Query does stand out there and we're definitely seeing continued momentum, there is a source of strength.  To other areas, I would highlight our Security continues to be an increasing area of focus and a differentiator for us, given over two decades of investment we've had. We've pioneered "zero trust" and so on.  So as cybersecurity elevates and consent across companies I talk to and the CEOs, it's definitely been an area. Multi-cloud continues to be a differentiator, I do think customers are increasingly looking for it and we've embraced it from early on so that is an area as well.  But above all, I think we're very, very focused on industry value propositions, so really sharpening our solutions by vertical and that's really helped us get some of the bigger deals you mentioned as well. And we'll continue doing that. Thank you.
Sundar Pichai: smartphones. And so, part of what excites me about the upcoming partnership with GO in building a phone is really investing beyond just English, and getting languages, and getting the local needs right for people and doing it in a way that many more people can take advantages of a smartphone.  So, I view it as laying the foundation to version of digital transformation and its palpable demand we see and I think over a three to five-year time frame, it will end up having a lot of impact. But overall, India, just like Asia Pacific, continues to be an exciting market for us. We see strength across the categories we are involved in. And so, you'll continue to see us stay focused there.  And to the second part of your question, look, as I said, we see the future of digital advertising being built on advances in privacy-preserving on device technologies. And this is a big area that we've invested already and that we're going to invest in even more. And as far as how we think about our runway for growth, we really think about improving user and advertiser experience for years and years to come.  And we're always asking ourselves the same questions, right? How do we drive better answers to queries especially on search, especially including those with commercial intent? How do you use machine learning to deliver even more relevant and higher-quality experiences for users that drive higher clicks and more conversions for advertisers?  So really our main goal is to consistently deliver great experiences for users, drive incremental value for partners, and making them successful. And as long as we do this, and we continue to invest in the privacy-preserving technologies I mentioned, we should continue to see budgets move our way. Okay. Thank you.
Sundar Pichai: Obviously, YouTube is unique in the sense that it's a true video -- native video-first product from day one. And so, you are dealing with new form and obviously as a Company, I think we have taken a long-term view, which is why you see the engagement on the product.  It's working at scale. Content responsibility has been our most important focus for the past many years. And beyond that, I think we worked hard to make sure both creators can do well. It's a great platform for advertisers. We've had strengthened brand.  We built on it. We drove this momentum in direct response. There's obviously in a newer opportunity for just shopping which we are investing in. And  represents an additional early but important area for us from an investment and growth standpoint.  So, I feel the fundamentals of the platform are strong. And with the long-term view, I see this is an area where we have more upside and so we will continue our investments with that in mind.
Sundar Pichai: To your first question on GCP, part of our strength is we have taken a very open and scalable and flexible approach, and we don't view it as a one size fits all. So, we want to meet the customers the way they want to take this journey.
Ruth Porat: Thanks for the question. Starting with the iOS 14 changes. So overall, as we said, we're pleased with the strength across our business in the third quarter, it was broad-based, it was global. In terms of the iOS 14 changes, specifically, they had a modest impact on YouTube revenues, that was primarily in direct response. I think as you all know well, focusing on privacy has been core to what we've been doing consistently. Let me have Phil take you through some more on that.
Ruth Porat: Yeah. if I can just add on the margin and go to your second part of the question, just a bit of context on the third quarter here. An important point, hopefully self-evident, is that the improvement in the Q3 operating margin does reflect the strong revenue growth in the quarter.  And as I said on the second quarter call, some of our costs are less variable in the short-term, such as depreciation and the operations costs of our data centers. And we did have a gross margin benefit from this in the near term, but consistent with centers comments  we do continue to invest here.  And then to support long-term growth across both Google S services and Google Cloud, we're continuing to invest at a meaningful clip across headcount, compute sales and marketing. I noted that headcount increase in Q3 of about 6,000 and we do expect the pace of hiring to remain strong.  The benefit from the change in useful lives was obviously in the quarter as well and that benefit does diminish is lower in the fourth quarter. So just to put some of that in context, and as Sundar said, we are continuing to invest in the business focusing on long-term growth, with respect to the play changes.  Again, just as it relates to this quarter, and I think as I said, in opening comments, the key point to note there was that results lap the strength that we had going into the pandemic from user engagement, and that continues to seeing user engagement. But yes, there's a reduction in the fee that kicks in, one that we just announced last week, it kicks in as of January 2022, and we'll let you do the modeling on that.
Ruth Porat: So why don't I start on that? The key points, as I said, starts with strong revenue growth and just timing lags. If some of the costs, as I said, are more fixed in the near-term, but we do continue to invest. And you can see that in gross margin. You can see it in operating margin. We are continuing to invest to support growth we see in both Google Services and Google Cloud.  Up leveling the question, we've consistently said, let's look, we our focus on capital allocation is investing for long-term growth and innovation and making sure that we remain focused. on that though, those long-term opportunities. At the same time, we've consistently also said that it's important to ensure that we're being sharp about investments within each product area, and we're continuing to do that.  And we're continuing to focus on investing in what we call operational excellence to ensure we can deliver for all of our stakeholders in a high-quality way. And that includes all of our efforts around privacy, security, and content moderation. So, you're seeing us continue to invest there. A bit of puts and takes. We're trying to ensure that we're setting up all of the areas to deliver for long-term high-quality performance and results.
