Patrick Pichette: Yes, so it’s Patrick. And as we -- Mark as we’ve discussed in the last quarter, we had talked about the U.K. having had a tough comp the year before. So you can see basically the recovery of that in the numbers and we’re pretty pleased with the momentum there. In terms of YouTube, I mean we -- I know there has been lot of speculation out there, but in essence, where we’ve is a great opportunities in front of us and we don’t comment on outside estimates. YouTube, you know it serves as a powerful starting point for advertisers, for looking to anchor their brand campaigns online and coupled with the online measurement of the digital audience is being Neilsen, ComScore, everything that we just announced over the last couple quarter, right. Clearly a great runway ahead of it. So that’s basically the story on YouTube.
Patrick Pichette: Thanks for your question, Ben. And what you really have is, as I’ve explained many times before, we set up our kind of governance around a bit of like a BC model where we actually have gating and funding. And projects that have -- there are more software based. We will have much shorter life times before we expect a bunch of returns. Projects that are much more kind of fundamental physics R&D, will have much longer life, like kind of timelines for actually funding and expected milestones. But in both cases they’re all set around the boundaries of -- you have a business case, you have a thesis and that thesis is basically tested on a regular basis through the gating of the funding that they get. And in some cases like self driving cars, obviously multiyear and we’ve a couple of other projects and (indiscernible) of that nature were it will take -- we think of kind of half decade, sometimes even a bit longer before we know that -- you can get kind of real momentum on revenue and profitability. Others are much shorter. So that’s how we kind of think about it. What matters most is really that we actually set up that gating and that we have these refinements to the business models and you know Google Shopping Express another great example of that where you just kind of have the gating and then they come back for funding every so many months to kind of look at where its going. So that’s what we have in terms of the next three to five years, I wouldn’t be able to comment on the specifics of anyone of those, but you can basically through the guidance I’ve just given you. You can come through what is really an asset in terms of versus a software kind of intensive kind of play and then it gives you a guidance of how fast and how slow we should expect our returns to be.
Patrick Pichette: Ross, thank you for your question. Let’s talk about the app indexing first and then about the screen stuff. I mean, if you think about it, Google has been in the business of making sure that we drive traffic on behalf of people and advertise and help people find things. And as you look at mobile phone behavior, people spend a lot of time on apps as well as in the browser searching for things. So I think it’s important for us to make sure that we provide the content that users are looking for. So, you should expect us to most aggressively try and make sure that App Indexing all happens and its available and easily accessible across devices and people are looking for things we’ve provided them the most relevant answer in which in certain cases that happens to be the app. So allowing for people to discover apps as well as creating more engagement for apps that people may not have been engaging with for a while. So, I think clearly an area of focus and clearly you should see -- expect us to see activity in that space. And in terms of revenue its not unlike any revenue we cerate in the search where we help people find things and that allows us to create an advertising opportunity where people are -- we’re able to monetize that on behalf of sort of our properties. In terms of your second question, I think you have to take a longer term point of view towards the screen question. As you can see all the screens are sort of almost designed as island where every screen has its own operating system, has its own ability to work. But we’re noticing more and more people want to switch from screens and retain the service experience. And towards that end, the android team is doing a phenomenal job making sure that we provide that seamlessness across screens and the fungibility of services across those screens. So, I think long-term we have to think about this as a user centric model. We’re helping users take their services fungibily from one screen to the other and making that happen seamlessly. And if that works out I think there is will phenomenal business opportunities for us in the future. But at Google we always worry about the user first and we’ll figure out the monetization when we have a lot of users excited about it.
Patrick Pichette: Let me tackle that second one and then I’ll let Nikesh, talk about the first one. On the issue of headcount, look we have this amazing opportunity and machine to actually look around the world to look for the best engineers. And we promised ourselves that, given the bar it’s very, very high. When we do find people that fit the culture and that we think will actually do a great contribution and be great Googlers, we actually don’t hesitate and we hire them. Because if we hire them a bit too early or a bit too late it might unbalance, we’re very happy to have them early on. You’re right that, if you look at the last couple of quarters I mean the trend has been pretty kind of solid. And in addition to that you have to look at the impact also of our acquisitions when we make acquisitions that kind of compound’s a bit the numbers. But from that perspective Carlos, we don’t set up a specific target we say we’re going to end up with X amount for this quarter and then that once we hit our quarter we see everybody else next quarter. So from that perspective we’re a bit more organic about it. And we are -- the vast majority of our hiring to kind of give comfort to our investors is, it is really still in the engineering field and the product management field which is really where we want to focus our attention, and we continue to focus there. So, that’s basically the puzzle with which we work. On the question, maybe Nikesh can talk about revenue and smartphone penetration.
Patrick Pichette: Yes, so Mark, it’s Patrick. I think that you really pointed a fact that we are spending, there’s so many factor’s. The issue we have with the CPC -- one of the key things about CPC is clearly it gives you a trend, but the trend is really shaped by the combination of CPC and clicks. So, you can’t just look at one in isolation of the other, it’s really that mix of the two. And in the case of network for example, I mean we just discussed at the beginning of the call that, we’ve put a lot of time and a lot of energy in the last 18 months to actually work on quality issues. And that clearly has an impact when you push on quality to -- when you look at the mix to actually drive for the kind of revenues and growth rates that you see in our results on the network. Having said that, it’s also compensated by all of the other positive factors that we see whether it be as you said geography or product mix or otherwise. So, all in all I think that the team is doing a good job, both on network and on sites, and you can see that as well on our detailed information about, of sites where we continue to see the kind of -- or certainly over the last few quarters kind of creeping back up of CPCs which actually continue to push for this quality issue. In terms of geography, I think that yes, geography makes a big difference and that CPCs are much in some cases lower in international markets or emerging market. But the team continues with a number of localization initiatives to, like so we don’t take CPCs as just one general. We will focus on each country, look for initiatives on localizations for each country to get the maximum CPCs on a geographic basis country-by-country basis, and that’s why you’ll see a lot of localization initiatives. They’re just one again, one contributor. And it’s really early days. There’s so much potential in many of these areas and that’s why Sridhar’s team and our Search teams continue to work side-bye-side to continue to push on these areas. So, we see a lot of runway in this one, and geography is just one of these areas. And you mentioned like APAC, but APAC was a combination of more mature markets like Australia and Japan, and then we had the real emerging markets in there as well like Indonesia or India. So, even APAC itself is again localization matters immensely because very different answers for different countries. But all in all a pretty good story, and we’re really proud to continue to focus with this balance between user first and then make sure that we have the right monetization. So, thanks for your question, Mark. Jamie, lets go to our next question please.
Patrick Pichette: Yes, again I would refer you back to the IR team to get a lot of more detailed questions. But I think on a quarterly basis there can be so many fluctuations. I think year-over-year gives you a much more kind of realistic trend about what is fundamentally going on in the business, because one or two changes can really kind of swing, even seasonality can swing quite a bit both in terms of growth rates or CPCs -- clicks and CPCs. So, be aware always of -- and if you can see that in the network numbers, clearly on the quarter-over-quarter as well there is a lot of noise in the data. So you have to be careful in the quarter-over-quarter. But year-over-year actually gives you a pretty good story of the efforts we’re putting into this. That’s how I would do it. Thank you very much for your questions. Jamie, lets go to our next question please.
Patrick Pichette: Okay, we’ve got the two questions. I think Google Shopping Express is really about local and local is really about both small businesses as well as large businesses. So, it really -- so absolutely small businesses will be as part of the focus area. And we’re engaging with many of them which is actually pretty terrific, but it’s really about local. So it’s not only with the focus of small businesses, and that’s really the focus of Shopping Express. In the case of Chromebook’s and Android, I mean we’ve discussed this many times in the past where basically you have a great convergence because there is humongous strength in both of these platforms, and they’re basically converging in many ways. Today you can get -- for example, on an Android phone right Chrome kind of powers the search and vice versa. So we have a lot of these cross-pollinization between the two teams. They’re under one leadership which is Sundar, and he basically actually makes sure that these two teams continue to work into an integrated fashion. Everybody knows that Chrome has a huge focus on security, and that is in fact a great focus to kind of migrate over into the Android ecosystem to make sure that we have kind of the equivalent of enterprise grade security for all of our users whether they be Chrome or Android. So, I think that, when you think of multi-screen there are both of these OSS are actually very complementary to each other, and that’s why we continue to kind of work in parallel. I think that across these multi-screens you should expect, Android continues to be very much the thing of choice for mass and Chrome continues to be very much the enterprise infrastructure, and you should continue to see kind of that evolve with that collaboration. So that’s how we think about it, Heather. There’s no kind of, its one or the other. I think that they are perfect compliments. So, thank you for your question. Jamie, we’ll go through our next question please.
Patrick Pichette: Richard, thank you very much for the question. I think in terms of your question around Google Fiber, YouTube, content bundling, subscription, revenue streams, I think it’s a very good question and I think it’s an area where there’s a lot of moment across the board where different people are trying different models, where cable is trying to provide content over the top, where YouTube is available on television screens, where people are trying to increase the broadband speeds because everybody gets the sense that we will consume more and more broadband content. I think what's clear to us in this process is that bandwidths will continue to increase. People’s appetite for bandwidths will continue to grow up. It’s clear that people will consume content more and more in a non-linear fashion. And its clear that content will come from different places, not just the traditional mechanisms of cable and television. So, I think that’s pretty clear. It’s also clear that people will monetize content both either in some form of payment or some form of advertising. Beyond that how all of this sort of coagulates and takes form still remains to be seen. I think it’s fair to say, we are experimenting on different ends of the spectrum where we have like YouTube purely advertising based content and monetize today which is over the top which works on broadband. We have Google Fiber, we have channel bundle. So I think we are experimenting, we are playing in every space. And I think eventually the user will decide whatever is most convenient and most able to use, they will decide. But I think it’s fair to say we have a horse in every one of these races.
Patrick Pichette: That’s terrific. Let me jump into the second question. I’m going to once again kind of take a bit of exception through the premise of your argument about well how much is driven by mobile? We really are living in a multi-screen world. You start on mobile, you hop on tablet, you go to your desktop, you kind of come back to your television, you kind of Chromecast back to your TV, that’s the world in which we live. And when people say, how much of your advertising is really driven by one? And we do a lot of research that actually shows that, in fact that’s what we try to show to your advertisers is, how much attribution to kind of show to each of these elements which is in that chain of activities that actually leads to the end which is either a consumption of something or a purchase. So from that perspective that’s why we don’t actually talk about mobile as a percentage of ads. What really matters is that you have the footprint across all of these devices and modes to actually deliver the best answer to our users, and that’s why you heard about IO continuing to kind of expand that landscape. In the case of CapEx in international, like last quarter our offer cash was about kind of 60% and 40% in the U.S. We’ll share those numbers in our 10Q, so stay tuned. But in rough numbers that’s really where we stand today. It may move a percentage, here and there. We do have great opportunities outside the U.S. as well to actually invest our cash whether it be through acquisitions. You’ve seen a number of acquisitions in the last year that were made internationally as well as we’re building datacenters outside of the U.S. where our headquarters in Ireland continues to grow and we’re investing quite a bit of money there as well and to the real-estate. So, when you see our real-estate numbers, they may include over time a number of these projects in Ireland, but also in London and other places where we’re investing. So, we actually have pretty exciting plans for our international portfolio both in APAC and in Europe. And so there’s a real kind of great case to actually continue to keep this amount offshore. It’s not a shortage of opportunities that we have. So it’s just a question of pace and discipline. So, thank you for that.
Patrick Pichette: I can actually give you the answer to the last one and then you can come back. It’s basically the Simpson's paradox. So, if you go on Wikipedia and you just check the Simpson's paradox you’ll understand that you may have two factors that are actually correlated in the same directions. But when you actually put them together they actually may correlate in an inverse proportion, and that’s where you get into the numbers and that’s why you have this kind of, the discrepancy because we all kind of laughed at this number as well because when we saw it, we said hey, something doesn’t add up and in fact it does add up. So, that’s really the issue there Colin. And unless you already know the Simpson's paradox then don’t go to Wikipedia.
Patrick Pichette: And with that, we’re going to actually thank all the Googlers for their amazing work over the last 90 days. It’s been a real rollercoaster. It’s continuing with IO and everything else and we look forward to Q3. With that, Jamie -- again Nikesh all the best and Jamie I will let you close the call.
Nikesh Arora: I think its important to step back and look at what the Google Play team has achieved. I mean its -- it come from nowhere. It’s a phenomenal platform which provides services, apps, content around the world as we mentioned over 90 countries of Google Play movies. And as Patrick would say, $5 billion developer which is 5,000 million, so lot of money. And its actually really great for innovation. Its phenomenal for the app developer ecosystem and it’s a really good binding glue for the android ecosystem, because people find tremendous (indiscernible) and all the apps and all the services they get at Google Play. For us we’re really, really very excited about the Google Play opportunity. I think in terms of margin, you should be able to look at the market and understand how typically these relationships work and should we know different than what the current market is around the margin opportunity for services in the long-term.
Nikesh Arora: Yes, of course (indiscernible) the answer is, yes. As we see more and more users with penetration of smartphones, people spend more time looking for things in their smartphones. And I think there’s a very, very long sort of runway that this opportunity has, because we’re just seeing people getting on to smartphones. Now you’re beginning to see businesses and other websites take mobile very, very seriously. They want to be present on mobile. I think the revenue opportunity is phenomenally high, because right now mobile does not monetize as well as certain other forms. But given the huge influx of queries we’re seeing, we expect as people make it more and more relevant to be able to find information in the long-term, mobile should be monetizing even better than desktops. So, I think as a tremendous runway going forward, I don’t think we have to fear the sort of saturation of smartphone penetration in developed markets for a while.
Nikesh Arora: Yes. So I think, what's very important on sense, we’ve talked about this in the past, that we believe there is a lot of businesses out there have still to shift to the Cloud. We think in the long-term every business will be most efficient when they shift to the Cloud. So we’re not really concerned about trying to compete with other Cloud providers. What we’re really concerned about is making sure we have an amazing offering for businesses so they find value in working with us and making sure that we can support them in their transition to the Cloud. We think we have a great set of products. Our team is really excited, we’re beginning to ramp up. So, I think there is tremendous opportunity going forward. I think it won’t be time to slice the pie for a long time because a lot of businesses are clambering to move their business to the Cloud, because that’s where the users already are, because we’re used to the Cloud and are personalized and its about time that our businesses that we work in actually got to the bleeding edge of technology as much as the consumer services are.
Nikesh Arora: Thanks Peter for the question. I think again, if you think about the phenomenal scale at which the Google team operates vis-à-vis small businesses it’s staggering. And we have millions of advertisers, millions of publishers we deal with. And we’re trying to make sure that millions of publishers get monetization through advertising at the same time we’re trying to work, make sure that millions of small businesses achieve their goals in trying to drive traffic both online and offline into whatever services they’re offering to their end users. Now, as we’ve gone through this transition to mobile and it’s very important that these small businesses make their transition effectively, because all the user traffic is slowly and steadily shifting towards mobile. And part of our effort is to make sure that we work closely with all of our small business advertisers existing to help them go mobile, at the same time trying to bring on more small businesses both onto the mobile and the desktop platform. So, it’s really a concerted effort to try and support small businesses around the world through very targeted program’s to show them ROI, to show them the value of living online because we believe in the long-term that’s where most businesses are going to get conducted. So, it’s really a long-term strategic effort to bring them all onboard, and I think the teams are doing a phenomenal job executing that ground.
Nikesh Arora: Thank you, Youssef for the question. I think it’s fair to say that YouTube has all forms of professional content available today. It has all the way from user content to very popular user content with people like Michelle Phan etcetera, and it has a lot of clips from professionally created content from various media partners we talked about CBS and Viacom in the earnings call. So, we have lots and lots of content from different players out there. And our monetization model in YouTube is working. It’s a phenomenal model. It is now the linchpin of each of our brand strategies if our partners and advertisers want to come work with us to create brand campaigns because YouTube allows you to actually target a fragmented set of interest in a most efficient fashion as opposed to try and do burst advertising that you would do in television and broadcast more. So, clearly the monetization model is working. In terms of other models as you’ve seen in the past we have experimented with various models on YouTube and we continue to experiment to see if advertising is the only model or there are ways that we can monetize using subscription of paid for content. I think that we will continue to do and see which ones in those sticks with the users.
Nikesh Arora: Okay. On the first question I think that’s a fair observation Colin, and I think if you look at some of the applications that our payments team has developed are on InstaBuy, it’s the ability to do a one click buy where we can partner with merchants and any kinds of transaction providers, where they don’t have to keep entering their data or entering their credit card in different places. So, it gives them the comfort, ease of transaction. So, I think over time its kind of line an open system solution where we have platforms where retailers can work with us and pick and choose what part of our platform they want to leverage and our hope is to create a more and more friction less ability to create transactions which effectively benefits commerce and hopefully creates more revenue opportunities for us.
Nikesh Arora: Yes, Patrick. I just wanted to also take a moment and thank everybody on the call for tolerating and enduring me on this call and supporting me over the last many years. Thank you everyone. I look forward to working with you in the future in a different role.
