Ruth Porat: Thanks for the question. So starting on your question about AI and CapEx. As I think Sundar and Philipp both noted, AI is already incorporated in many of our products, products like Performance Max and Smart Bidding and Cloud, as Sundar said. It is more compute-intensive but also opens up many more services and products for our users, for creators, for advertisers. That being said, we're very focused on further optimizing the cost of compute, and that's across all elements, data center, servers and our supply chain. So we're continuing to invest with a keen lens on the return on that capital. And as I indicated in opening comments, when we look at CapEx for 2023, we do expect it's going to be generally in line with 2022 with an important mix shift. We're increasing our investments in technical infrastructure. And that's not just for AI. That's to support investments across Alphabet, in particular in Cloud as well. And at the same time, we're meaningfully decreasing our CapEx for office facilities. And then with respect to the overall efficiency opportunities, yes, very keen focus on the 3 areas that I noted, and one of the key elements of it is using AI and automation to improve productivity and efficiency of our technical infrastructure. We noted that we want to be focused and that we are focused on durable improvements to our expense base. And that's because if you go through the items, the work streams that we have in flight, they take longer to implement, execute. They're in process now, and they continue to build on themselves and continue to provide added upside as we go through time, which is why I indicated you would see more of an impact on 2024 than in 2023. But we're continuing to work through them. 
Ruth Porat: And then on your second question, when we talk about being focused on delivering sustainable financial value, that obviously means that expense growth cannot be growing ahead of revenue growth. And we're focused on revenue upside as well as durable changes to the expense base to really ensure we have the capacity to invest in that growth. And clearly, the emphasis of revenue growth, there's a lot that's exciting ahead of us within Google Services, all of the AI advancements that are improving advertiser ROI and the search user experience and more broadly, as we've talked about across the key product areas. And then very importantly, on expense growth, we have a very strong commitment to -- we keep emphasizing durably reengineer our cost base, and that will benefit all of the segments across Alphabet. And the key components, slowing the pace of hiring as a starting point, product prioritization across Google, as Sundar said, is key. Improving economics in hardware as we focus intently on the Pixel line and cost structure, then using AI and automation to improve productivity for operational tasks as well as for the efficiency of our technical infrastructure, where we have a number of work streams. Managing our spend, as I said, with suppliers and vendors and then optimizing how and where we work, and you saw part of that with the real estate consolidation, given the slower headcount growth. All of those not only benefit Google Services but many of those similarly drive greater efficiency across Alphabet. And so as we've said, in Cloud, we remain very focused on the path to profitability. That's a revenue and margin driver. And then with Other Bets, we're similarly focused on investing sustainably.  And so to go back to it, it's the durable nature of change in some of the elements that I've talked about here where work is ongoing, you start to see impacting in '23 but to really get full year run rate and the benefit of it, there is work ongoing. And that's why we've emphasized this notion of it comes in and then really you see the run rate in '24. 
Ruth Porat: And then in terms of your question about Other Bets investment levels, so as we've talked about in prior calls, our goal for Other Bets is to use our deep technology investments to drive innovation with real potential for value creation. And at the same time, we are very focused on the overall pace of investment and the financial returns. And so what we're really looking at here are what are the opportunities for monetization and commercialization. As I've said on prior calls, there is no monolithic approach across the portfolio, but we are very focused on whether -- what's the pace of investment opportunities for monetization and commercialization. And just a bit more with respect to the DeepMind move, to be very clear, we consolidate in Other Bets into Google only when that bet supports products and services within Google or for Alphabet broadly. And you saw us do that some time ago when we moved Chronicle as an example into combining with our Cloud business and really the cybersecurity offering that is now in Cloud, and that was very effective. With AI, this is obviously an Alphabet strategic priority, and we see huge opportunity ahead, and DeepMind's research is core to that future across the product areas in the Alphabet portfolio. And so this reporting change reflects the strategic focus in DeepMind, the support of each one of our segments, and that's why I indicated that beginning Q1, DeepMind financials will be reported within our corporate cost segment. 
Ruth Porat: So overall, as we've indicated, we remain very excited about all that we're doing in Search, the utility for all of us. And so that's why you've heard so many comments about the application of AI and what that means for the ongoing opportunity. You had a number of different questions in there. I think one was on volumes. In the 10-K that we'll be filing shortly, you'll see that for the full year 2022, CPCs were down 1% versus last year. And as we've talked about in prior quarters, the change in CPCs can reflect a number of different factors: geographic mix, property mix, all sorts of things. Clicks were up 10% in 2022, reflecting a number of factors, including increased engagement, primarily on mobile devices and improvements in ad formats. But I think overall, we're really excited about what we see ahead. We're not going to predict the global environment. We did say the challenging backdrop is ongoing, and you can see that but we're very focused on what we can control. And I think most important and what we're really excited about here is innovation to help advertisers overall and our cost reengineering that really gets us to align this long-term sustainable value creation. 
Ruth Porat: Thanks for the question. So as we've talked about on prior calls, with Google Cloud, we've really been investing ahead of our revenues, given the growth and the opportunity overall and the desire to ensure that we're equipped, able to support customers across segments around the globe. And so there's been meaningful investments to position ourselves to really have the momentum that the team has continued to deliver. That being said, they are, as both Sundar and I have noted, extremely focused on the path to profitability and every element of that. And some of the items that I noted that benefit Alphabet generally most certainly are relevant here for Cloud as well, everything from our efficiency with our technical infrastructure, which we're very excited about, all the efforts that they're doing there and more broadly. So this has been really to ensure, first and foremost, given the scale of the opportunity and the speed with which it's moving that we're positioned to be present with our customers, to provide them with the analytics, the skills, the capabilities that are needed to build for long-term growth. And we're at a position now where we've meaningfully closed the gap to profitability but still are working through as we continue to invest for growth while narrowing what this is on our march to profitability. 
Ruth Porat: So I think as you know well, we don't tend to -- we don't provide exit run rates. What we try to do is give you the context within which we're approaching the overall business and the priorities that we have as we're looking at revenue upside and the growth levers there as well as how to reengineer our expense base to deliver attractive returns. So not really much to add to the comments that you've heard today, and we're continuing to execute across each one of the elements we discussed. 
Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Doug. On the AI side, it is a really exciting time. I think we've been investing for a while, and it's clear that the market is ready. Consumers are interested in trying out new experiences. I think I feel comfortable with all the investments we have made in making sure we can develop AI responsibly. And we'll be careful. We'll be launching more as labs products in certain cases, beta features in certain cases and just slowly scaling up from there. Obviously, we need to make sure we are iterating in public, these models will keep getting better so the field is fast changing. The serving costs will need to be improved. So I view it as very, very early days, but we are committed to putting our experiences, both in terms of new products and experiences, actually bringing direct LLM experiences in Search, making APIs available for developers and enterprises and learn from there and iterate like we've always done. So I'm looking forward to it. 
Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Eric. Look, I do think, first of all, we made such a foundational technology and we've been investing not just in terms of research but actually getting it all production scale-ready. We had already deployed. If you look at the impact, things like BERT and MUM have had on search quality, making search multimodal, driving the usage of products like Google Lens. I feel like we've been scaling up well. In Google Cloud today with Vertex AI, we'd already been bringing AI APIs to enterprises, and they're on a pretty healthy growth path. So we do see secular opportunities ahead, both in terms of putting these APIs out, making sure every developer, every organization in the world can use it. And as I said earlier, we are in very, very early days, and I think there's a lot of room ahead. In terms of Search too, now that we can integrate more direct LLM-type experiences in Search, I think it will help us expand and serve new types of use cases, generative use cases. And so I think I see this as a chance to rethink and reimagine and drive Search to solve more use cases for our users as well. So again, early days, you will see us be bold, put things out, get feedback and iterate and make things better. 
Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Ross. First of all, very, very pleased with how Pixel has performed through a challenging macro environment. Look, I think our computing portfolio is incredibly important. It's what allows us to -- for us to invest and drive innovation forward. You have to put it all together as a product and ship it. And I think it ends up playing a very, very big role in guiding the ecosystem as well. And increasingly, I think users are thinking beyond phones and thinking through a holistic ecosystem. To give one example, us undertaking Pixel Watch and, as part of that, integrating Fitbit and bringing it to our ecosystem as well, partnering closely with Samsung on wearables. The combination is what has driven over a 300% increase in actives on Android watches ecosystem. So just to give you a context on that. So we are very thoughtful about how we are approaching this area. And as Ruth mentioned, across all these areas, too, we are working to drive greater focus and cost efficiencies in the portfolio. Obviously, we work through a challenging supply chain environment as well as a challenging environment on the demand side. And so we'll continue focusing on improving all of this in a durable way. 
