Ruth Porat: Sure. So on the accounting standard, we try to lay out all the component parts clearly on the cover of the earnings release so that you would have it all in one place. I think you summarized it right, but I'll just direct everybody to the earnings release. The net of which was the gain from the equity investments was $2.4 billion to net income. That is net of performance fees as well as the release of a deferred tax asset that we have, so it does reflect $3 billion in gains. And I think you know this, but this quarter, the accounting standard requires marks for everything where there is an observable raise. So these are unrealized -- the majority of them are unrealized, not actually monetized by Alphabet, and then the performance fees are calculated based on investment returns. They're accrued but not paid until an exit event occurs, and they do appear in OpEx. And as you noted, there is also, therefore, the benefit that flows through on the tax line, and that is 5 percentage points of benefit offset to the effective tax rate for the quarter. As it relates to your Waymo question, there was a lot in there. We do remain very excited about the opportunity with Waymo and our continued progress on multiple fronts. It is still very early. In terms of our progress, this year is about offering a service that is safe, that works, that delight users in the Phoenix area. The rider program in Phoenix is open to members of the public, and riders will use a Waymo app to hail one of our fully self-driving cars without a driver at the wheel, and will pay for the service. We've also had progress on the vehicle partnerships, as I mentioned in my opening comments. Last month, Waymo announced it signed a long-term strategic partnership with Jaguar beginning with a collaboration to design and manufacture self-driving I-PACE vehicles for Waymo's transportation service. These are all electric cars. This new partnership in the vehicles adds to our strong position with FCA, and the production of the cars begins in 2020. And then we are expanding our testing to more states. We're also working on additional areas like applying the technology to logistics and deliveries and working with cities to help strengthen public transportation and for personal use vehicles. And as we've talked about on a bunch of calls, the opportunity is here for us because we started with safety, and we remain a leader in safety, and we do believe that's the foundation for success, and it builds on the -- all the testing miles that we've done. So we keep coming back to when you create vehicles that drive themselves faithfully, we think there's a lot of potential uses and business opportunities, and that's what we're focused on.
Ruth Porat: So on your first question, other Americas. I would say, like the other regions, really pleased with the strength we have. Across the regions, it is obviously one of the smaller ones, so growing at a slightly faster clip and really pleased with the broad strength there. It starts with the sites revenue strength. But on top of that, they benefited from hardware devices launching in some additional markets over the past year. And then in terms of TAC, I would say there's not much to add to what we've already said after some -- a kind of sustained period of stronger increases. We were pleased last quarter to be able to signal that this quarter that pace of change is slowing, and just leave it at that for now.
Ruth Porat: So in terms of CapEx, it's about equally split between facilities and our technical infrastructure. And as you know that we have the $2.4 billion purchase in New York as well as discontinued ground-up development projects. Facilities does tend to be lumpier over time. We are continuing with the ground-up development projects. And as a reminder, we do favor owning rather than leasing real estate when we see good opportunities, and that has served us well over the years. But I think more to your question with respect to technical infrastructure, that reflects investments in compute power to support growth that we see across Google, and the largest component is on machines. It's also on data centers and undersea cables. And on machines, the biggest contributor is the demand that we're seeing. So in particular, it's the expanding application of the machine learning efforts across Alphabet, plus the requirements for cloud and Search and YouTube, and then secondarily, the increased cost of newer technologies, CPUs, memory, network. So I think, really, to answer your question most directly, it reflects the demand that we're seeing, so I wouldn't want to suggest a one-off in terms of the investments we're making in technical infrastructure. And then in terms of the data centers, we are investing globally. We currently have over 20 sites on 4 continents, and that's under different stages of construction, as Sundar noted. And it's across the U.S. Tennessee, Alabama, South Carolina, Iowa. So we're really building out to support the growth that we're seeing.
Ruth Porat: And then on the network monetization trends. First, just to give people a bit more color. When we launched the AdSense businesses, our network revenues were largely click-based. And over time, there's been a meaningful mix change in our business given the strong growth in programmatic, which is impression-based. So as a result, the shift now covers more of the business. And then in terms of the question on impression growth versus CPM growth, as we've discussed on prior calls, the network business is actually a number of different businesses. And then within that, we have flat year-on-year growth in the number of impressions that was driven by efforts to improve user experience through a reduction of less relevant ads and AFC. And so these changes had a positive impact on the year-on-year growth in CPMs. And then the trend and impressions in CPMs can clearly be volatile from quarter-to-quarter as we're optimizing for the user publisher and advertiser, but it really goes to the efforts that we make.
Ruth Porat: Yes, it's an important question. As we've talked about on many, many calls, we have been and remain focused on supporting long-term revenue and profit growth, and we think the opportunity set ahead of us is quite extraordinary. And as I said in opening comments, just given our confidence and as we're looking forward, we want to make sure we're investing appropriately in the next phase of innovation, and we have clarity about some very compelling opportunities. And then our judgment, that enables us to maximize shareholder value. So we're taking the steps really to put in place the support for long-term -- longer-term growth. Part of what I'm saying, you can see in our sites revenue growth, try to make that clear in opening comments, we see this consistent, strong momentum globally, and we're really excited about the still sizable opportunity led by mobile search. And so we're continuing to invest to enhance the user and advertiser experience, and thereby, extend the growth in our ads business. You can see this also in the trend on the CapEx spend. As I noted in our opening comments, the investments we're making there really provide the compute capacity to support our growth outlook, and that's supporting the opportunities that come out of machine learning and the Assistant. And then we also see extraordinary upside in the newer markets, as Sundar has talked about, most notably cloud computing and hardware. And so we're investing to support the long-term growth opportunity there. And then finally, when we look at the market opportunity in both self-driving cars and life sciences, our judgment is it makes sense to place the kinds of investments that we are. And with all of this, what also hasn't changed is we appreciate the importance of prioritization and picking our spots, and we're keenly focused on steps we can take to both make the right investments with the proper intensity while being diligent about long-term plans and returns. So at a high level, the approach hasn't changed. You're seeing the investments here.
Sundar Pichai: Great. Maybe I'll do the GDPR first. GDPR, I realize, is a fairly new public OPEC. But for us, it's not new. We started working on GDPR compliance over 18 months ago and have been very, very engaged on it. It's really important, and we care about getting it right. And overall, we have long had a very robust and strong privacy program at Google, too. So we are committed to meeting requirements on May 25 and also long term. We are working very closely with advertisers, publishers and our partners. And we will also update all the privacy policies and controls we provide to users worldwide. So it's a big effort. We are very committed to it. We are very focused on getting it right by our users and partners, and that's where our focus is now. On -- Heather, on cloud, I guess your question was about overall growth, and we are continuing -- the momentum has been very strong on cloud as well. We haven't talked about G Suite much, and so we highlighted it the moment I'm there, but cloud is continuing its great growth. We are seeing it across the board. Things worth I would call out is we are seeing larger deals as well. We are seeing good synergies between G Suite and cloud. Areas where we have done acquisitions like Apigee, they are beginning to work in terms of driving synergies to cloud. And the efforts we are beginning to put particular with our partners, that is beginning to bear fruit as well. So we have go-to-market programs now with SAP, Cisco and Salesforce. And I think we are beginning to see early results from that, and hopefully, that translates into more momentum going forward.
Sundar Pichai: On mobile search, for me, mobile obviously raises the bar. And if you look at the evolution of Search, we gave from -- we evolved to stay ahead of user expectations, and we evolved from just providing links to answers. I just feel at a high level the next big evolution we are doing as part of mobile search and assistant is to actually help users complete actions, to help get things done. And it's really hard to do at scale, and that's the work we are doing. And as we do that, it'll impact just -- not just the Assistant but mobile search more broadly. And obviously, that has a commercial impact as well. So we continue to be very excited about the opportunities there. On hardware, the exciting part for us is now, I think we have all the end-to-end capabilities of a world-class hardware organization, along with the quality of the software organizations we have always had. And in this area, it truly takes long-term planning. And so for example, if you think about silicon, et cetera, the longer you can do it, the more advantages you have. And so I definitely feel we are taking the steps towards being able to do this well for the long term. Part of that obviously involves scaling of our go-to-market strategies both in the U.S. and internationally so that we can drive adoption. I said earlier, our Net Promoter Scores show that we are right up there with the best-in-class devices and across all the products we have, not just our Pixel, across our Nest family and everything we do. So the opportunity is clearly there. We're going to lean into it, and it takes two to three years to really get to the scale where we want to see it and -- but we are committed to getting there.
Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Mark. Above everything else, as we are working through GDPR, we are making sure we are focused on getting the user experience right for our users and our partners. But to clarify your question further, first of all, it's important to understand that most of our ad business is Search, where we rely on very limited information, essentially what is in the keywords to show a relevant ad or product. And so we've been preparing this for 18 months, and I think we are focused on getting the compliance right. It'll be a year's long effort, and we are helping not just us but our publishers and partners. But overall, we think we'll be able to do all that with the positive impact for users and publishers and the advertisers and so our business.
Sundar Pichai: So on desktop search -- sorry, is your question on the user experience on desktop search, how do we see improvements? Look, I mean, the same. First of all, users are having cross-device experiences, cross-screen experiences, right? So I think your desktop search experience, mobile search, everything goes hand-in-hand. And every -- all the work we are doing to make mobile search better translates to desktop search as well. Areas where desktop search historically has been a bit behind is in terms of things like identity and payments and having all that work well to enhance the user experience. And with Chrome now, we are investing a lot in those areas as well, and I think that will contribute overall to improvements there. On YouTube, there are many, many areas we are focused on YouTube. They're always very focused on making sure they are supporting emerging formats, be it mobile live streaming or emerging formats like VR, and so that's an area of focus for us. We are also really looking at what are all-new monetization options for creators beyond advertising. So be it subscriptions, features like super chat, which we have launched, are very popular. We have beta testing sponsorships, merchandise, merchandising and concept, ticketing and et cetera, right? So these are all areas by which we are improving. And obviously, there are additional areas like Music and YouTube TV, which are seeing great momentum as well.
Sundar Pichai: Sorry, on the second question on YouTube, for sure, the adoption and feedback across both YouTube Red and YouTube Music has been great to see. We are doing a lot more work there. You will see us continue to invest further and develop those offerings better, and as part of that, further drive adoption. So for example, YouTube Originals end up playing a big part in YouTube Red subscriptions. And so far, we have launched in a handful of markets, and we'll continue to roll it out to more markets there. And on YouTube Music, we are working on enhancing the product, and I think this definitely create opportunities there as well.
Sundar Pichai: So I think we announced the -- this new service in March, and the feedback has been very positive. I mentioned earlier, which is for retailers, when they are testing this, they see it drives an increase in basket size. So that means users are interacting with the product well, and that's all I have to share for now. It's still early days.
Sundar Pichai: On the first question of cloud, look, I mean, I think the main thing I would say is the fundamental drivers of adoption of Google Cloud based on what we hear back from customers is our advantage in data analytics and machine learning. The fact that we really support open, agile development environment. Kubernetes has literally become the standard for workloads and the fact that we are open in terms of how we approach this space. Security is becoming a big differentiator for us and something we've been leading for a while, and I think that's driving it. G Suite, as I called out earlier, is a good synergistic driver. G Suite is doing well, and clearly, a very unique offering, and it's gotten very comprehensive. And so I think overall, it comes together well. On your second question around AMP, AMP has been definitely very successful. It's really made publisher content much more friendly for users in terms of latency and the user experience, and hence, that option has been great. For sure, AMP has definitely helped the mobile web, and that's part of the big reasons we did it. Mobile web is still a big part of how users consume content, especially around news, and so us investing there clearly makes a difference. I guess, for example, when we look at, I don't know, J.Crew adopted AMP, their mobile page loading times are now over 90% faster. And now they are integrating the Google payment request API. That reduces checkout times from 2 minutes to 30 seconds or so. So things like that. We are going to constantly stay on improving the mobile web, and that plays a big part in how our ecosystem works.
Sundar Pichai: Look, for sure, Google Home gives rise to a lot of new and unique use cases, actions that are a big part of it. Call mom is a good example of something you say to Google Home a lot. I can -- which is different than what you would say to Search. We see this as a good complementary thing. You will see Search embrace some of the capabilities you find in Google Assistant and Google Home and vice versa. And so overall, I view this as additive in the long term, and we are definitely just getting started there.
Sundar Pichai: Look, I mean, there's a big focus for us. And today, SMBs are -- play a big role in our ecosystem, and we are doing a lot of stuff to support them across the board, right, and from things like in our offerings to help SMBs get an online presence, create a website, be discovered in local, search and Google Maps. So we do a lot of detailed work to make sure SMBs are working well. We are also doing a lot of stuff on local as well, including efforts that are even around local services. So we have very specific initiatives. This is going to be -- I mean, it's actually -- to us, it's bread and butter of what we do here, and so there's a lot of effort underway, not to mention the fact that we provide G Suite for businesses as they scale up as well. So it's an end-to-end offering, and we'll -- you'll continue to see us invest more here.
