Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Brian. To your first question, look, I think broadly, we've always found that over many years, when things work well on the organic side, monetization follows. So typically, the trends we see carry over well. Overall, I think with generative AI in Search, with our AI overviews, I think we will expand the type of queries we can serve our users. We can answer more complex questions as well as, in general, that all seems to carry over across query categories. Obviously, it's still early, and we are going to be measured and put user experience at the front, but we are positive about what this transition means. 
Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Doug. On SGE in Search, we are seeing early confirmation of our thesis that this will expand the universe of queries where we are able to really provide people with a mix of actual answers linked to sources across the Web and bring a variety of perspectives, all in an innovative way. And we've been rolling out AI overviews in the U.S. and the U.K., trying to mainly tackle queries which are more complex, where we think SGE will clearly improve the experience. We've already served billions of queries and it seems to cut across categories, but we are still continuing our testing. And we are metrics-driven in these areas. But I am optimistic that it clearly improves the user experience. Users are telling us that. And we are seeing it in our metrics, and we'll continue evolving it through the course of this year. 
Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Eric. Great question. Obviously, I think the AI transition, I think it's a once-in-a-generation kind of an opportunity. We've definitely been gearing up for this for a long time. You can imagine we started building TPUs in 2016, so we've definitely been gearing up for a long time. The real opportunities we see is the scale of research and innovation, which we have built up and are going to continue to deliver. I think for the first time, we can work on AI in a horizontal way and it impacts the entire breadth of the company, be it Search, be it YouTube, be it Cloud, be it Waymo and so on. And we see a rapid pace of innovation in that underlying. So it's a very leveraged way to do it, and I see that as a real opportunity ahead.  In terms of the challenges, I think it's been a mindset shift, which we've been driving across the company to make sure that we are embracing this opportunity but being very efficient in how we are approaching it, making sure we are redirecting our people to the highest priorities across the company, building on our 20 years of experience in driving machine efficiencies year-on-year so that we can put our dollars to work as efficiently as possible. So making sure balancing all of that moving forward in a very bold and responsible way at the same time. Those are the important things to get right from my perspective. 
Sundar Pichai: Look, on the Cloud side, obviously, it's definitely a point of inflection overall. I think the AI transformation is making everyone think about their whole stack, and we are engaged in a number of conversations. I think paid AI infrastructure, people are really looking to Vertex AI, given our depth and breadth of model choice, or using Workspace to transform productivity in your workplace, et cetera. So I think the opportunities there are all related to that, both all the work we've built up and AI being a point of inflection in terms of driving conversations. I think you'll see us do it both organically and with a strong partner program as well. So we'll do it with a combination.  And the challenges here, always, there are switching costs to Cloud and the challenges we see is how do we make it easier for people. There's a lot of interest, but there's definitely barriers in terms of people switching. And so that's an area where we are constantly investing to make it easier for our customers. 
Sundar Pichai: Look, I think if you look at what users are looking for, people are looking for information and an ability to connect with things outside. So I think there will be a set of use cases which you will be able to do on device. But for a lot of what people are looking to do, I think you will need the richness of the cloud, the Web and you have to deliver it to users. So again, to my earlier comments, I think through all these moments, you saw what we have done with Samsung with Circle to Search. I think it gives a new way for people to access Search conveniently wherever they are. And so we view this as a positive way to bring our services to users in a more seamless manner. So I think it's positive from that perspective.  In terms of on-device versus cloud, there will be needs which can be done on-device and we should to help it from a privacy standpoint. But there are many, many things for which people will need to reach out to the cloud. And so I don't see that as being a big driver in the on-cloud versus off-cloud in any way. 
Sundar Pichai: On the first question on Search, not much more to add to what I said, but what we have seen. And we've been in live experiments just for a few weeks in U.S. and U.K. on a slice of our queries, and all indications are positive that it improves user satisfaction. We see an increase in engagement, but I see this as something which will play out over time. But if you were to step back at this moment, there were a lot of questions last year, and we always felt confident and comfortable that we would be able to improve the user experience. People question whether these things would be costly to serve, and we are very, very confident we can manage the cost of how to serve these queries. People worried about latency. When I look at the progress we have made in latency and efficiency, we feel comfortable. There are questions about monetization. And based on our testing so far, I'm comfortable and confident that we'll be able to manage the monetization transition here well as well. It will play out over time, but I feel we are well positioned. And more importantly, when I look at the innovation that's ahead and the way the teams are working hard on it, I am very excited about the future ahead. 
Ruth Porat: And on the second question in terms of the various work streams, as both Sundar and I said, we remain very focused on ongoing efforts to slow the pace of expense growth, what we've been calling durably reengineering our cost base. And I made this point in opening comments, but we are very cognizant of the increasing headwind we have from higher depreciation and expenses associated with the higher CapEx, and so these efforts are ongoing. And they're very much the same that we've talked with you about previously. It starts with product and process prioritization, all of the work around organizational efficiency and structure. These are ongoing.  And so as an example, the work that Sundar talked about, combining devices and services with our platforms and ecosystems, product area is a really good example because unifying the teams not only helps us deliver higher-quality products and experiences, but we think it enables us to move with greater velocity and efficiency. And then the other work streams we've talked to you about in the past, like all of the work around technical infrastructure, which Sundar alluded to; streamlining operations within the company through the use of AI; what we're doing with procurement with our suppliers and vendors, which he also referenced; the work you've seen on real estate optimization, these are all ongoing work streams, which is why we have them under the umbrella, durably reengineering our cost base, and they are ongoing. 
Ruth Porat: And then in terms of CapEx, as I said in opening comments, we do expect the quarterly CapEx throughout the year to be roughly at or above the $12 billion cash CapEx we had here in Q1. As I said, you can always have variability in the reported quarterly CapEx just due to the timing of cash payments, but roughly at or above this level. And it really goes to Sundar's opening comment that we're very committed to making the investments required to keep us at the leading edge in technical infrastructure to support the growth in Cloud, all the innovation in Search that he and Philipp has spoken about and our lead with Gemini. I will note that nearly all of the CapEx was in our technical infrastructure. We expect that our investment in office facilities will be about less than 10% of the total CapEx in 2024, roughly flat with our CapEx in 2023, but is still there. And then with respect to 2025, as you said, it's premature to comment so nothing to add on that. 
Ruth Porat: So the increase in CapEx, as Sundar said and I said, really reflects the opportunity we continue to see across the company. It starts with all that we're doing in support of the Gemini foundational model but then also, clearly, the work across Cloud, on behalf of Cloud customers, and the growth that we're seeing with GCP and the infrastructure work there, and then, of course, as both Sundar and Philipp talked about the application across Search, YouTube and, more broadly, the services that we're able to offer. So it's the growing application and our focus on ensuring that we have the compute capacity to deliver in support of the services and opportunities we see across Alphabet.  And it really goes to the second part of your question, which is that as we're investing in CapEx and applying it across our various businesses, it opens up more services and products, which bring revenue opportunities. And we're very focused on the monetization opportunity. It does underlie everything that we're doing in Google Services and Google Cloud. And as Sundar noted, we're, at the same time, very focused on the efficiency of all elements of delivering that compute capacity from hardware, software and beyond. 
Ruth Porat: I would just say from Sundar's opening comments, it's just the ongoing momentum that we've seen in the business that we've been talking about, the ongoing growth and strong performance. And so what we were really getting at in that comment, what Sundar was getting at, is that we've continued to build strong businesses over time, and that just helps dimension it. We had similar comments last quarter when you talk about our subscription business. We're really proud of all the work that the teams are doing across the company, building new, strong opportunities, delivering for our users, for customers, for advertisers in profound ways. And so it was just helping to dimension what we have built over the years. 
