Patrick Pichette: Hello, everybody. We’re going to invite Larry to give us the first round of commentary and then I’ll go through our financials and then Nikesh will have some comment before we turn to Q&A. So here you go, Larry.
Patrick Pichette: Thank you, Nikesh. So Jennifer, if you would like to tell us the rules we will just get on for the Q&A session.
Patrick Pichette: Okay, I’ll start, Nikesh and I are pointing at each other. Yeah, on the marketing expense listen, I think what you see is the impact of the support for the Nexus 7 that we launched in Q3. Otherwise everything was pretty much in line with what we would expect. We just got such a great review of the Nexus 7, we won the support of the market and that's the biggest delta you will see in that number. In terms of the market, I’ll hand it over to Nikesh for his commentary.
Patrick Pichette: I see, so no, it's even the, I mean we have – our network is slightly skewed to the US versus our Google site, so you’ll have some mixed effect there because our network is slightly skewed to the US, but overall I think that it still gives you a good sense of proportion as to what's going on in the market. So that’s the way I would kind of think about it from a model point of view.
Patrick Pichette: Actually, let me start with the margins and then I will answer your first question. On the margins you actually have a couple of effects this quarter, one of them, is clearly as you said the cost of the Nexus that will flow into our other cost of revenue, but also it's the first time that you have the full quarter effect of the amortization of intangibles from the Motorola transaction. So that is also another big kind levered that actually kicked in. and it should noted just for the financial community that the amortization of intangibles for Motorola flows to both the Google segment and the Motorola segment in different proportion. So again, it’s pretty tough, as I promised you that we’d have a lot of kind of noise in the data, I think that’s a good set of indication. And for the first one, why don’t I let Larry give a few comments on the issue of mobile.
Patrick Pichette: On the – sorry, just want to talk about the TAC line and just to say that, yes, I mean obviously all the TAC that we paid to Apple, it is just another partner for distribution, so it all is tied to our – the TAC line that we have for Google.com. On your question of the default, I mean although there is – nothing is changed, right, I mean, when you use Google, we are a great partner with Apple, we’re a great partner with many of them, and in doing so, when you do search, I mean we have a great, we have the – the fact that they’ve changed from Google to search is still kind of run by our engines. So I hope that clarifies the point Ben.
Patrick Pichette: Yeah, listen, on the CPC trends nothing has changed from last two quarters. And in fact, I think people have a tendency just to harp and assuming that it’s automatically mobile…
Patrick Pichette: And if you look through our results, I just kind of point to a few areas, if you look at our mix between our Google properties and our network, right, our network grew quite a bit again this quarter and that would drive a lot of pack as well. So I and again that’s the reason why I kind of want to educate and tell and remind everybody that just all of these mix effects whether it would be mobile versus laptop versus desktop, but also emerging market versus developed markets and also our Google.com versus network. And then we haven’t even talked about the changes in our ads quality, which actually can change quite a bit as well. So I think that matters a lot, and I think that it’s really important now we understand that all these mix effects are actually playing or play there in the CPC. So and that’s what we don’t give, if we start giving down all the breakdown right, it’s just endless. So for us, the real issue for us is, but what really matters is, they are going down, but on the flip side of that, right, given all these mix issues, what we really see is our pay clicks going up at a pretty healthy rate at 33% again this quarter, which actually gives you a sense of people who are engaged, people are using our products, it’s really about this transformation of multi-devices and in fact that there is a little bit less CPC is not a concern compared to all the offside that we see on the other side. On the issue of our cash and capital balance, I think, you get the same answer and maybe Larry wants to kind of chime in if he wishes to, but we just review this on a constant basis. We ask ourselves the question, is there real options for us actually to use the cash from a strategic perspective and we’ve come to the conclusion that it is a real strategic asset for us right now with the ability to balance. And so we think it’s prudent to actually manage our capital structure to where it is as we speak.
Patrick Pichette: Okay. So on the $8 billion, so let me give you just a bit more information on it, but clearly we don’t breakdown each of the categories, we just wanted to kind of give you a sense of proportion. A point that’s important is, of the three categories I gave you, ads continues to be the bulk of it, the vast majority of it. And then on the case of the Google Play, it’s important to note from a modeling perspective that everything’s that’s content, that is whether a book, a movie content is actually booked on our books on a gross basis. Everything that is tied to apps is booked on a net basis, but it’s still a huge kind of number in all cases. So without giving you, I just want to give you that, so that you don’t start thinking that there is actually 8 billion that is book to revenue in our result that you see, but in fact, two of the three are there, the third one is done on a net basis, just because of our accounting rules. So and the vast majority is still ads.
Patrick Pichette: We don’t provide that. We don’t give any of the details of that. But clearly, it’s a different profile, because it’s content, so we have partnerships that we deal with.
Patrick Pichette: It’s worth just to close on that. It’s worth kind of noting also that we are pushing for the next chapter of the internet in the U.S. with Google Fiber. People, there is such a demand for higher speed access at reasonable prices, I think that we got a great mouth trap with Google Fiber and we hope it excites everybody and promote the environment that will actually give us that kind of connectivity in the U.S. and elsewhere as well.
Patrick Pichette: Yeah, with pleasure. Look just to reiterate that our Google website’s revenue was up and with strength across most geographies and most verticals. I mean obviously you’ve heard Nikesh talk about, Douglas, we can’t control the economy in the short term, so if there is a country that is slowing down a little bit then we clearly kind of see it in the result as well because Google is actually a pretty good protector of the present as far the economists are varying kind of reminds us. But then on the Google Network, I think we’re just really pleased with, it’s skewed slightly more to the U.S. but really pleased with the performance overall with all of our networks, that’s been performing well. So nothing additional to kind of highlight apart from just a good general trends.
Patrick Pichette: Let me close on FX, so Richard, just two points, one is, it’s been interesting in Q3, the U.S. dollar has really weakened versus a whole host of currencies, so typically you have one currency that goes down another one is more stable, we’ve really seen it across-the-board, it just happens with the macro economic trend, again, it’s something you can’t predict. So it’s been across-the-board and without giving you the details of how it flows to margins, it is fair to say and we’ve already talked in the past that our operating expenses are skewed to the U.S. I mean Mountain View is the headquarter and so from that perspective it has some effect as well. So I think you can navigate through this. So it was definitely a significant impact for this quarter.
Patrick Pichette: Again jumping on to the FX issue if you don’t mind, look I think that it’s interesting your question Justin, but let’s remind ourselves of a couple of points, because I think our FX program has actually delivered amazing value to shareholders. One is, we don’t hedge revenue, we hedge profits. And we hedge a number of kind of major currencies like the Euro, the Pound, the Canadian Dollar, few others which is the core of our program, and not only but actually our hedge program is certainly designed for long-term kind of 18 months as a risk reduction strategy and doesn’t necessarily correlate in a way we should perform for three months kind of timeframe in our financial results. And it’s really also build to make sure, I guess you had a cost benefit ratio, thereof making sure that it’s set for bit dislocations. So if it’s just a smaller variance in the short-term, you are not going to get us much benefit as it is a big dislocation. So for all these reasons and then what I mentioned a bit earlier, which is we’ve seen actually FX across a whole slue of currencies this quarter, which these smaller currencies just added up and we don’t hedge for them today. That’s what kind of ended up in the puzzle. So we are constantly looking at our forecast and if it makes sense we will actually throw in new currencies going forward. So that’s been the story on FX, but I wouldn’t read in anyway (inaudible) performed that it hasn’t performed well, it’s performed very low. So why don’t I turn it back over to Nikesh for the last question.
Patrick Pichette: If I can just close on just travel, I mean obviously there’s a couple of factors in there, one of them is clearly – there is seasonality in travel, so obviously that’s always an impact quarter-over-quarter, and then as we – the same news you read about Europe or other parts of the world that are in different economic situations. You will notice that if you kind of track Google Trends and you go and mine into the data, you will see that some sectors are performing better, others are not, and as I mentioned in my commentary, at the very beginning, travel and retail has been somewhat weak in Europe just given their situation, so no real surprises there Brian. Thank you for you questions. Just before we close, I just want to take a ten seconds on behalf of Nikesh, Larry and myself thanking in the amazing work of our Googlers, all our employees, all our partners, what an amazing last 90 days it’s been both at Motorola and Google. And I’ll let Larry close with the last words before we turn it over to Jennifer to close the call.
Nikesh Arora: I think it's fair to say that, our revenue growth internationally has been pretty strong. You are seeing some pockets of difference in performance partly because of seasonal reasons and partly because of the continuing economic effects you’re seeing in Europe. So our business is doing better than the economy in most markets in Europe, but it does get impacted a little bit with some of the fluctuations you see there. So from our perspective there is no any cause for concern.
Nikesh Arora: Thanks Richard. As far as the emerging markets in Android, I mean I think we’re very excited about the fact that Android is becoming very successful platform in many markets, outside the U.S. not just the U.S. I think in terms of what drive, I am not sure if your question is about faster growth of Android or faster growth of monetization on Android platforms. I think on both of them, we’re seeing the adoption in various markets, there OEMS are producing Android devices on the bleeding edge and doing a phenomenal job of working with operators in those market and distributing them, so we think that will continue because and Android is providing to be a great platform for innovation for all the OEM. In addition to that as more and more people use mobile device, I think we’ve talked a lot in this call about have those mobile devices are being used, we are seeing an increasing in query growth and we are seeing our various new ad formats and ads where we bring context into account is actually helping us monetize. So I think both those trends are going in the right direction. Hopefully that provides more opportunity for us.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah, in terms of the product listing ad as we talked about, we’re really excited that we actually went on a full rollout for product listing ads and as we’ve said we have 1 billion products that are in there. So as we’ve also, as Larry talked about getting more precise information. We believe that users when they search they come exploring on the web, when they have a better idea, what they are trying to buy. They start expressing intent by being more precise of what they ask for. And we believe being able to do product listing ads gets us closer to intent because if somebody types a Nikon D800 then we know they are looking to buy or looking to get more information about a specific product and the fact that we can show them reviews pictures and pricing information gets us closer to action. And we believe in the medium term that’s going to create more monetization and a better monetization for us as opposed to having just 10 blue links of ads we’d send them to other websites. So I think that’s going to have a good impact in the medium term, I don’t think I’m going to comment whether that has an impact in Q4 or not.
Lawrence Page: Hello Scott, this is Larry. On this question about the strategy and product listings, I think we’re just really excited about providing a better experience for our customers. When they search for something I mention boots on the call, now you search for that, I think you'll see a well organized set of product information, ways to buy it and really have a great experience there. And we see, our ability to do that on the ads or monetized product listing side, it’s really helping us provide a better user experience and provide a better advertiser experience. So I’m very excited about that. I think we are still in the early stages of that. We just launched, I think yesterday really and we still got ways to go. So I'll let Nikesh or Patrick take the next question.
Lawrence Page: Let me just add – now it’s on the first part of the question, I think we are really trying to provide answers to people and so, and the strategy for the company really looking at very detailed information and giving you the exact right answer, what we’re doing with knowledge [tides] [ph]. And in search, I wanted to do the same thing as with our advertising to make sure that we get you, as a user in the right answer. And I think that's a very exciting sort of a new strategy for us.
Lawrence Page: So I guess, I feel like you are asking the wrong question a little bit. I think we are really starting to live in the new reality, one where the kind of ubiquity of the screens helps users really move from intent to action much faster and more seamlessly. So I think this will create a huge new universe of opportunities for advertisers where they can focus on platform. Focusing on platform specific queries won’t make us much sense because advertisers will be dynamically adopting across a whole bunch of different devices to reach the right audiences at the right time. And that’s kind of how we are thinking about it and I alluded to changes that we'll make – to our ads system to improve the advertiser experience and the user experience around that. And I also think that, we are just seeing tremendous growth in the Android, which really obviously we have tremendous ability to influence and to improve the user experience, to add location, to notify your things as I mentioned around different kinds of non-commercial experiences. We can notify you of commercial experiences as well. So I think that’s a really big and great opportunity for us. And as I’ve said, that monetization on mobile queries right now is a significant fraction of desktop. So we're kind of living the best of both worlds, we’re able to move our existing ads, our existing monetization over to mobile. And lastly in order to really innovate using Android and our strength of having ads on other mobile platforms and really move advertisers and consumers who into a new world. So  I think we are uniquely positioned to get through the transition and it’s really profit from it. So I am just incredibly excited about that.
Lawrence Page: Yeah, Carlos, I’ll take those questions. I think if you  - I'm not an expert on the protocols you’re talking about, I think in general we made a huge investment in knowledge graph and really understanding in detail about everything. And that’s a major effort for us, and we’d obviously love to have other people help us with that. I think it’s been a little bit of a challenge in the past to get all the labeling aligned and all those things. I think we have a big part to play in that. We’re absolutely very excited about that and I think we’re going to do a lot work in that area. And I think we’re doing well in that space. Vertical searches, as you asked about, I think our goal has always been to get you to the right place, but we also – to do that we need to really understand in detail, your context, what you need, what’s really going on with that information, if it’s airline tickets, what are the flights between, what do they cost, products, some one selling we need to know how much they cost to get to know what the shipping is and so on. So I think any place we can get that information accurately, we can present it to our users. However we are very happy to do so. In general, we found that we knew it’s really, build more of that experience in order to provide a really high quality experience to our users. But again, we’re always open alsoto working with partners.
Lawrence Page: Okay, so Ben thanks for the question. I mean, obviously we were exited about television, television screens, displays and we have been for a while. We’ve had Google TV, it was a product for quite sometime, I’d just say, I love it and I think it’s a great time to have a real browser, mail on your television, easily access You Tube and all those kind of things. YouTube is integrated on many, many devices from DVD players and so on to game consoles and things like that. So we obviously are working hard to get distribution for YouTube, for Chrome and for the internet as a whole on television screens, as well as our own products, and we’re very excited about that. I think we are obviously still in the early stages of that, something we really has a great user experience, and we work hard to make that happen.
Lawrence Page: Hi, Heather, it’s a great question. I think, Google Fiber I think we are in the early stages, right, it’s just rolling in out in one city or two cities that are one city. And we’re really excited about it and I’m excited about the user experience there. In fact, I think I’m about to go, went soon from my asked trials. But you control it with a Nexus 7 tablet actually, that’s the remote for it. I think it will be an amazing experience from a user standpoint, one that can really drive that industry forward. So are quite excited about that like said we are in the early stages, obviously rolling that up.
Lawrence Page: Richard, that’s a great question on YouTube. I haven’t had, Nikesh mentioned Google TV for a while, I think recently kind of YouTube transition from maybe a year ago, to be really something that keeps me entertained for hours on the TV. It can play back, lots of really high quality, highly exciting things, they are now kind of tailored for me, my channels and so on and I think we have tremendously increasing YouTube usage, continues to grow like crazy. And we’ve head increasing monetization as well which causes people to put more content on it, and to monetize it worldwide, kind of in a blink of an eye you can put things up. So I was just, the recent video of horse dancing, came in style. I have been watching, its 400 million views now – 500 million. And that kind of thing to really just put the switch, turn it on, get a worldwide distribution and sort of – almost without doing any work, if you are a provider of this content is an amazing thing. And I think that’s how we see the future, we’re just kind of continue to grow that. It is going to be available everywhere on your mobile, on your TV, on your desktop wherever you want. It’s going to keep track of the kinds of things you’re interested in and really provides you an amazing experience, and provide a great experience for the advertisers, true view is exploding, which gives us high quality ads from an end user standpoint, because they can skip some if they want. So it encourages paths that are actually entertaining, not annoying, and that’s been working or making money over that and it’s coming like crazy as well. So I couldn’t be more excited about all that.
Lawrence Page: Thanks Brian for the question. And we have kind of policy of not talking about the future, so I think it’s generally a good policy. I tend to be very impatient and I think, I kind of reiterate what I said that we are positioned well, very, very well, and uniquely well, because we have hardly very significant fraction to monetization on mobile and that’s a great start. And we’re working on changes, we do things we’ve been investing in this space for long, long time right, our mobile monetization is not zero, it’s a very significant number. As we try to end also with $8 billion number. And I think that it’s kind of good pace there and I don’t think that the things we need to do are that huge, to have us in a very good spot and I think we have opportunity to be higher monetization than where we are now. Put some innovation which we’re kind of doing, it looks like that I’m very impatient and I think that, another point I make I guess that I’ve made already, I think that, advertisers are ads still requires they spend some metric to deal with mobile in general. I think advertisers, mobile until very recently it’s been relatively small percentage of advertising spend from those advertisers. I think that’s starting to be in the long as the case, right, and that’s happening relatively quickly, and I think advertisers will also react to that, and you will see them invest, more efforts in targeting those users, running apps for them in phone which holds obviously benefit our monetization there. Actually we have a lot of trends working for us, so I am not worried about this in terms of our business at all. I think it’s more of an opportunity for us because we’re better positioned than most other companies. I guess (inaudible) estimate, short-term impact and I am quite impatient.
Lawrence Page: Yeah, I just want to thank all of you after spending so much time with us and following us and doing your analysis. And with that, I’ll close the call.
