Jeff Huber: Thanks Susan. Across all of our products we push to push ourselves to continually innovate. We believe in open platforms that encourage everyone else to push innovation too. Our efforts in mobile are a great example of this at work. Eric Schmidt mentioned at a speech at the Mobile World Conference in Barcelona in February that we are taking a mobile first approach to most everything we do. That means doing things that take advantage of the unique characteristics of mobile Smart Phones. One of those is your Smart Phone knows where you are; your location. So this quarter we launched a feature called Near Me Now that essentially turns your location into the search query. If you go to Google.com from a Smart Phone you will see the “near me now” link right under the search box. Click on it and you will see restaurants, cafés, shops, gas stations, ATMs and other things of interest that are closest to you. Another common use case is when you are searching for something at home and then want to find it again when you are out and about. Our new Stars and Search feature helps out there. You do a search say for a chili recipe and when you click on a great result you click on the star next to it. Later when you are at the grocery store to pick up the ingredients you just repeat the search with your Smart Phone which is easy to do with the “suggest” feature. Just type the first character or two, the query will pop up or with voice search which is increasingly ubiquitous across the platforms and that star result shows right up at the top. The same starred results now work on maps too. Do a search at home or work for an address or a restaurant, click a star next to the right result and that star shows up in your map on the Smart Phone making it easy to get directions or get more information about it. These are small features in some ways but a big innovation in how Smart Phones can integrate into your everyday life. Our open platforms, Android and Chrome, are gaining a lot of momentum. Android is now powering 34 devices which is up 70% quarter-over-quarter from 12 different OEMs and over 60,000 Android devices are sold and activated every day. Our whole mantra with Android is “open.” First the Android OS itself is open for partners to modify and extend on their own. Then the Android market for apps is open for apps is open for all developers which is driving a lot of growth and great apps. We are now at over 38,000 apps, up 70% quarter-over-quarter. The net effect is to make web-ready Smart Phones more widely available. It is helping drive a lot of mobile search and apps usage. Chrome is also growing really well, mostly driven by its technical innovations and performance and its security relative to other browsers. The new Chrome feature we launched just a few weeks ago helps address language as barrier to web use around the world. Chrome can now automatically translate any page you are viewing into any one of 52 different languages. If you are an English speaker and want to read the local news in Paris you can go to Lemonde.fr and Chrome will offer to translate the page for you. Uptake has been great. We are already translating over 60 million pages per day. If we can help knock down the language barrier through innovative features like this the web becomes a lot more accessible and useful for everyone around the world. Our latest open ecosystem effort is the apps marketplace for Google Apps. Many of our enterprise customers want to move more of their operations to the cloud including applications that Google doesn’t offer like CRM, accounting, project management, workflow automation, HR, the list goes on. The apps marketplace has had thousands of enterprise apps purchased and installed already all integrated with the Google Apps experience. Finally, we are looking forward to our Google IO developer conference coming up in May. IO sold out in just a few days as developers know that in the event’s short history we have used it to announce some pretty amazing things in addition to covering the huge amount of content on how they can innovate with and leverage Google’s open platforms. When you open up the web and unleash the passion and innovation of thousands and thousands of developers great things happen. Thanks for your time. Back to Patrick.
Jeff Huber: We can’t speculate on the specific relationship around search. We have historically had a strong relationship with Apple across a number of different areas and we hope to and look forward to continuing that in the future.
Jeff Huber: With regard to other folks out there I guess our net view is we don’t see things as a zero sum game whatsoever. Looking at the internet and vibrancy and rate of growth across the internet, other people are growing and we are very happy with our growth. We don’t see that as a significant issue.
Jeff Huber: We are not disclosing the specific number of Nexus One devices sold. We are very happy with the device uptake and the kind of impact that has had across the industry of raising the bar and people’s expectations of what a great Smart Phone can do. I did earlier mention that across the Android landscape we are seeing more than 60,000 devices sold and activations daily. On stores, sorry we can’t comment anything about that right now.
Jeff Huber: It is a combination of the core businesses that is strong and growing. We are continuing to invest in that. Susan mentioned in her section a lot of the innovations and new products we have introduced in the core search and display ad business. Some of the other major areas of engineering investment are some of the things I cited; the open platforms Android and Chrome are growing very quickly and having a big impact. We are also investing incrementally in apps in the enterprise business where we are seeing very strong growth and a lot of customer uptake there.
Nikesh Arora: I think it is a combination of the things you suggest and a bit more. We are seeing a better recovery in the domestic market, definitely if you look at the comps from last year the numbers look much better. We are seeing tremendous activity from our large advert5risers who are coming back in droves and are actually reconfirming their faith in search advertising. So that is all working. Plus many of our product innovations start in the U.S. which allows us to drive those revenues faster in the U.S. Having said that, internationally our revenues did not take as material a dip as relative to the U.S. so clearly the comps are much stronger on the international side. It is a basked of many, many, many countries so we are seeing recovery in some of the major markets. Other markets are still not on that curve of recovery as we are seeing in some of the more mature, larger markets in Europe.
Nikesh Arora: I think it is important to understand our marketing spend for the most part is ROI based. We spend marketing dollars to go and acquire advertisers on our B2B side. We spend marketing dollars to promote various products. It is very clear for us to understand for each dollar we spend what return we get in terms of long-term value to reach a customer that [inaudible] which creates additional monetization across our properties. You can expect us to spend marketing dollars as and when we see relevant for our long-term strategy and have lots more users for our products.
Nikesh Arora: In terms of U.K. versus rest of the world I think rest of the world for us performed even better than the U.K. did in the last quarter. Having said that as I mentioned there are parts of the rest of the world which are continuing to perform really well for us. Places like Brazil, which we talked about last quarter, places like Russia, etc. continue to perform well. Some parts of the European economy as you are aware which are still undergoing some correction like Greece where you clearly can’t expect us to be performing too well. There are pockets of strong performance in rest of the world. They are pretty much in line with our expectations in terms of trends we are seeing which are dependent on broadband penetration and dependent on the e-commerce activity and depending on the small businesses adoption of the internet. As those curves continue to go up we continue to see correspondingly good performance in those markets. We are planning our growth strategies in the markets along those lines.
Nikesh Arora: Unfortunately I don’t think there are 30 billion Euros on the internet for them to get. We would love some advertising business. Now you made me forget your other question. We did do slightly outside of normal cleanup in the last quarter. We are constantly making sure we are taking care of spam and we are taking care of advertising situations where we don’t believe that is appropriate business. We do that on a regular basis. We have done nothing extraordinary this quarter. Last quarter we did look at our policies in certain areas and cleaned it up which is why we mentioned it.
Nikesh Arora: Let me answer the headcount question first and then I can go back and talk about the marketers and advertising. As Jeff mentioned on the business side we are continuing to add resources selectively in search as we see the market continuing to grow as well as deploying it in markets where we see higher growth as I mentioned earlier. In addition to that we are putting significant amount of resources in our display space as [inaudible] continues to enhance our display offering and give us more features. That will continue to be a focus for us throughout the year going forward. In terms of what we are seeing from [marketers] I think the pull back we have seen about 6-9 months ago is gone. What has also happened in parallel is I continue to see tremendous amounts of capability building the advertiser side. One of the challenges we always have you can go to an advertiser, pitch them with a tremendous search campaign. However, they feel like we lead the horse to water but they still have trouble taking a drink because their websites aren’t fully capable of conducting the e-commerce transactions to the level they would like. Having said I have seen tremendous amounts of capability improvement in the last 6-9 months across a majority of our mature markets, the U.S., U.K., Germany, France, etc. which allows us to go in with this bigger, larger campaigns for these guys and they are beginning to understand that search is diminishing inventory because if they don’t buy it today it is not going to be there tomorrow. So they have to be more willing to be flexible with their budgets and be open depending on what is going on. They are getting more and more averse to waive the search. Clearly we are seeing them get more flexible with their dollars in the search side. They are beginning to understand the value of the products like Susan mentioned like remarketing and how to use the display networks effectively and the CPC model and a CPM model depending on which one they choose. So clearly the more mature markets we are seeing awareness of the digital marketplace. We are seeing them keep the search [while it’s open] and we are seeing tremendous amounts of engagement on the search side.
Nikesh Arora: I want to make sure you interpret what I said carefully. I think we said most of the small businesses are very, very good with their allocation. As we have seen from a few quarters ago we have seen a dip in large advertisement and more small advertising because it is always ROI driven and they generally understand how to bring in a search lead and how to convert that search lead into dollars. I think the challenge with the large advertiser has been that a proportional total ad spend to revenue and not being able to allocate a lot of dollars to their search. Now as they build up their capability they are able to do that more effectively.
Nikesh Arora: As you mentioned travel and retail have been strong. I also alluded to the capability building of e-commerce. Primarily I was talking about the retail verticals where we are seeing good strength. Travel is going strong and is steady. Retail and travel end up being one of our larger verticals in the entire landscape. Having said that, I am seeing good strength as well from CPC and entertainment because that is where a lot of the display advertisers like [focus] because those verticals even though they are smaller numbers those verticals aren’t traditionally strong search verticals but they definitely play into the display space and a lot of the display effort has been targeted at those verticals.
Patrick Pichette: Unfortunately we can’t give you that. We don’t divulge that kind of information. On the Nexus One it is a profitable business for us. We don’t give more detail on the economics but we are driving the business to be a profitable business from the get go. On CPC maybe Susan can give us more comments as to what is going on there.
Patrick Pichette: Why don’t we take them in reverse order. Eric is everywhere. Eric is in every public…I have seen him in Abu Dhabi and then fly across to D.C. the next day. He is everywhere. The fact we have decided to streamline our process just for earnings doesn’t mean Eric is not available and he is clearly leading as spokesperson of the company. So very transparent and everywhere. On that point it was just simply an issue of streamlining and making more focus on the financial results for this call. You shouldn’t read any more or less into that decision. On the 800 people we have talked about ever since last summer that we are trying to ramp up our machine to hire back specifically in engineering, specifically in the support of sales where we see great opportunities and it takes a couple of quarters to ramp up the machine so we get the levels we want. We are very pleased with the hiring we have done. The bar at Google, let me reemphasize that, has not changed. It is incredibly high. We are very pleased with the on-boarding we have seen this quarter and now that this infrastructure is in place you can expect us to continue to invest heavily in this form. We have so many projects we would love to have more engineers right now that we would like to fuel our growth but it is really paramount for us to continue to focus on it. On the Apple, maybe Jeff can comment.
Patrick Pichette: In closing on that one, the bottom line is we see it everywhere. It is not one versus another. That is true for both of the questions you asked.
Patrick Pichette: In closing on that one if you think of G&A in general at Google you will find that our G&A is actually like 20-some% as a percentage of revenue. It is not moving that much. What you see is a shift between regular G&A is actually going down which is good news. And you are seeing if we have an incremental dollar and a good ROI base we should take the opportunity on that. As it relates to your first question, we don’t give comments. We had such a crisis in the last 18 months that back then it may have made sense to give some color around quarters but clearly Q4 to Q1 we just look at the level of economic activity and it has continued to pick up which is a great benefit to Google.
Patrick Pichette: Let me comment on China. We have explained to people that the revenue numbers for China were kind of immaterial to the financial performance of the company in the previous blogs and communications. The bottom line though on China is this was a tough situation where we really believe we have made the right decision. Google stands for really important values like openness, user choice, protection of privacy and in a company that remains true to its values that is what you do. You make a decision that is driven by those values. Having said that, what we announced a few weeks ago or a few days ago clearly has us staying in China. We have just changed our strategy and adapted our strategy but our engineering force remains in China and will continue to develop great products. We continue to keep our sales force in place because there is still an export market and a lot of opportunity in China for sales. What we have done is moved back to Hong Kong for Search where we can offer uncensored. From that perspective, right, you should see a lot of positive moves on Google but we made the right call.
Patrick Pichette: Let me comment on AdMob and then Susan will probably get more commentary on the monetization. The case for AdMob is there is overwhelming evidence the mobile advertising industry both in terms of platforms and providers is nascent. It is incredibly competitive. It didn’t exist 24 months ago. There are dozens of ad networks out there. Even last week you may have heard there was an announcement from Apple that they were starting their own. It is incredibly competitive and that is why we believe we are very positive about making this transaction happen. The case is on our side. On the specifics of monetization maybe Susan can give you a bit more color and commentary.
Patrick Pichette: Let me go back to the very first question you asked which I think the News Corp question was around the MySpace deal. We are working…Google wants every partner in the sense that it is good for the ecosystem it is good for the partners. It gives them opportunities for monetization. We are in negotiations right now of a deal that is to be renewed. These deals like in the case of that specific one, a number of years ago with completely different industry dynamics. We are working with them to find a real win/win and stay tuned for when we have an announcement.
Patrick Pichette: On the G&A, the short answer is we are going to continue to be disciplined just like you see in the run rate and ramp up you see. We are very disciplined. This place continues to be frugal in many ways. On the other side we are hiring. We are hiring and it is obviously lumpy. So the point is, every time I can find another great engineer to add to the Chrome OS platform I am going to hire them. We are going to hire them. Google needs them. On the flip side there is a lot of discipline around. It is not like you do whatever you want around here. There is discipline.
Patrick Pichette: I think that you have in essence the right laundry list. I can tell you the FX, anybody that looks at public information on FX, it is a big contributor to that 4%. For the other last element of the equation is always the mix between Google properties versus the partner properties which also has and especially in the case of international the U.K. So you have all of the elements you talked about plus you have to look at the mix between the [inaudible] properties versus the partner properties. We don’t give you the breakdown of all of the elements as you know but you have the right basket if you include the last one I just gave you.
Patrick Pichette: That is the intent. The intent is you onboard Googlers. You take real estate, you take computers, you take computing power but for the model we have right now in the spaces we are it is really about software development and sales. That is the intent. On the CapEx side I could argue it could grow 8% quarter-over-quarter but you are absolutely right we are very disciplined about it and we are very proud of in fact getting so much yield out of our infrastructure. Remember, I tell this because it will happen just like we talked about a few quarters ago we were ramping up on hiring, in the same way when there is a great opportunistic purchase on assets we will be there.
Patrick Pichette: In closing on that point I think the display market is seeing such an evolution because of the simplicity of the tools that did not exist a year ago are now here and people now have the choice of participating and participating actively. In these campaigns now we would love to have the flexibility from one to another to find the right audience. A tremendous progress we have seen in display and we are very encouraged by what we see.
Patrick Pichette: To make it simple, on the Nexus One we did not have a material advertising for it. On the second one I wouldn’t provide any guidance for the coming quarters. I would leave it at that.
Patrick Pichette: On the case of China obviously we still have sales in China and the fact that we serve them in Hong Kong and from Hong Kong doesn’t stop us from having all of the opportunities we want from the Chinese market. Remember that there is a huge industrial infrastructure all around Hong Kong and South China. It is really addressing the market from a different perspective and our sales force is ready to serve them from there.
Patrick Pichette: Both actually. Because we really have both opportunities. What we really have done if you think about it is we have stopped censoring but the access to Google is still available for all Chinese people through .hk.
Patrick Pichette: On the first one I will punt because we don’t divulge the spread between O&O and other properties. I am sure Susan will talk about the display innovations.
Patrick Pichette: Maybe I can start with the hedges and then turn it to Nikesh. Our hedging program is really effective. I want to remind everybody for us it is an insurance policy. It is an insurance policy for high volatility and specifically if the U.S. dollar strengthens dramatically. If you look at where the Euro was a year ago versus where it was 90 days ago versus where it is now, and then you go back to last year as we discussed we had booked at this time last year big hedging revenues mostly because we had such a massive appreciation of the U.S. dollar so for us very effective in finding the right sweet spot to make sure we have the right coverage. What we are caught with is the accounting rules which some quarters like last quarter had very little FAS 133 ruling through the P&L and this quarter has a disproportionate amount. They don’t represent our regular cost of hedging so it creates a bit of fluctuation for you to model but in the end we are very happy with what we are getting out of it. In terms of the verticals I will turn it to Nikesh.
Patrick Pichette: No. I am sorry. Thank you for the question. I have a feeling that I have heard every rumor. Thank you for asking the question so candidly. The answer is no. There is nothing going on at all. As we were doing the planning at the end of last year to all the questions, if you doubt that we actually scrub every department at Google I would scrub too and the question was asked is what can you do differently to be better next year? List we brought up in finance was maybe we should look at the quarterly calls and the whole process and the webcasts and one of them was hey we thought this is an innovation. It has nothing to do with that.
Patrick Pichette: I think it is one to understand. Some of the newer ad formats [audio fades] CPC based where newer ad formats are sold like traditionally in the display space we sell them as launch pages or home pages. So they are not paid click by click.
Patrick Pichette: I just want to thank everybody for joining us today. I want to thank every Googler as well who listens to the call. We have Googlers all over the world working so diligently and creating these incredible products and all the options we have. Thanks for your time. We look forward to talking to you at the end of Q2. I will let the operator close the call.
Susan Wojcicki: I will give a couple of comments about the CPCs. I think there are a number of trends that we see. I think it is important to remember first of all that the CPC and the numbers we release are an aggregate number and so there are a couple of things happening. One of them has to do with the growth rates of the different regions and CPCs being different in the different regions. The second thing which I believe is a long-term positive for Google but may be reflected in the CPC numbers here is we are releasing a lot of tools to enable advertisers to try to find more what I will call long-tail key words. So key words that they might not have been bidding on before hand and they might not be the competitive ones so as a result the CPCs may vary. We believe long-term that is good because we are actually selling more key words and the auctions are becoming more competitive but it may change the mix.
Susan Wojcicki: I will comment on the paid click growth. Overall I think we have been very happy with the number and growth we have seen. It is a result of a number of things, certainly the advertisers coming back, some of the largest advertisers spending more money on Google as well as the growth across the board in all regions but was also some of the new ad formats that I spoke about have brought more clicks as to advertisers because they are coming up with formats that are more compelling for users and offering information that is very useful for the users on board and that is causing a lot of growth in paid clicks.
Susan Wojcicki: Since you asked about Plan B, I will say Google does have a monetization product for monetizing Google applications AdSense for mobile applications and that is a product we are investing in and we have seen good growth with that one. I just want to reiterate the point Patrick said which is we see this as a very new and nascent market. It is less than 2 years old and there is a lot of competition in this market. We are continuing to work with the FTC on AdMob. Your other comment was about applications versus web. Google is investing and believes that HTML 5 has the opportunity to enable a lot richer applications on the web. That is something we are investing in and we will see over time how applications and HTML 5 both develop.
Susan Wojcicki: On paid click I think it is a combination of a lot of different factors and it is really important to remember this is also an aggregate number across all of our businesses. So as we saw advertisers come back and start spending again driven by a lot of our largest advertisers really increasing their spend as well as Google and the ad team bringing a lot of new types of products to market in terms of the Site Link product which has not just one place to click but multiple places to click, we started seeing advertisers have higher click through and so all of those higher click throughs that I talked about do manifest themselves in terms of the aggregate paid click number. Mobile is a component of many different types of inventory that Google is expanding to, to increase the overall paid click number.
Susan Wojcicki: One additional thing I would like to add is we definitely see an opportunity to move to taking a percentage of the conversions. In fact we call this CPA, cost per acquisition. One of the products that was developed in this area that we are optimistic about is the product ad product. The way that works is the way the retailer just gives us all of the information about their product; price, listing, description, etc. and then Google actually does the targeting to decide where to show those ads. Then we take a percentage when the product is actually purchased when the user actually converts. We do see that as an opportunity to really simplify the process for advertisers over time and it is something we are investing in.
Susan Wojcicki: So from an impact standpoint some of the biggest changes that we make that impact the product and all of the metrics, not just CPC and percentage of click growth, etc. a lot of them have to do with changes in ad quality that we make in the quarter. The reason is because if we can make a percentage increase off of that very large business that can have a significant impact. We had a modest quarter in ad quality. We had more than a dozen different launches that were significant across the board and they certainly over time do play an important role in how they affect the metrics. The other thing I would like to point out that I think also is really an important thing to look at with our overall business is something we have introduced in AdWords called Opportunity Center. Opportunity Center is a way for advertisers to know this is how many more clicks I should be getting or could be getting. What we want to do is we want to give a lot more guidance to advertisers in terms of here are more key words. They are very easy to add to your key word list. We just launched this quarter Bid Suggestions to give them an understanding of what are the tradeoffs between volume and CPCs and where is the optimal place they should be bidding as well as budget suggestions. Because Opportunity Center is applied to the core business and to all of our advertisers it can move the metrics over time in terms of getting more advertisers to buy key words or increase their budgets or change their bids.
Susan Wojcicki: So you brought up some questions about remarketing and what we are doing there that is unique. I would definitely agree with you that display is a very vibrant space and there is a lot of innovation that is happening right now in the display market and I think ultimately that innovation will enable the market as a whole to grow. But one of the things that we have that is very unique from a remarketing perspective is users or advertisers can refine users across the content network. The content network because we have so many publishers on our site and because we are a global network as well it gives advertisers the opportunity to expand and find a lot more of those users across the network than they probably can with a lot of other options. The other thing we are doing from a targeting perspective is we are trying to make it really easy for advertisers to work with existing interfaces. Right now you can do remarketing within AdWords. So if you are an AdWords advertiser, you can do the remarketing there. If you are a DSA advertiser then you can also from that perspective as well. The other thing that is important because you also asked about different types of targeting, we offer a number of different targeting we think are unique. The one we are best known for is the contextual targeting. So the ability to actually figure out on a page what this page is about dynamically and then serve an ad that is matched to that one specifically. Then we also have placement targeting where we give advertisers the ability to choose where they want their ads to appear by actually selecting these are the sites and this is where I want them to appear. The combination of all of these things together give advertisers a large number of options and we are thinking about how do all of these different targeting mechanisms, how do you combine them in a way to provide the best options for the advertisers and users.
Susan Wojcicki: You are right that site links is new and we are really just beginning to penetrate all of the advertisers that I think would benefit from the site links feature. We do see Site Links appearing mostly on navigational queries where the users is looking for the brand name or the product category but it is a very powerful tool and we believe there are still a lot of advertisers that are not using it today that would benefit from it. The other thing I would say about Site Links is it is rolled out globally and so when you look at the combination of all of the different companies and advertisers globally that could benefit from this we are just getting started because we have just started rolling this out in Q4.
Susan Wojcicki: On the mobile component I will say we do give advertisers the option. The default is for advertisers to be on search, content and mobile and the reason we do that is because we want to make it as easy as possible for advertisers to get as much reach and reach as many potential users as possible and we try to do the right thing for those advertisers. So the default is for them to be opted into both. However, we do offer the ability for advertisers to run a mobile only campaign and under that mobile only campaign we give them the option to target, for example, a specific mobile OS. We give a lot of options within the mobile category. But I really think about that more for advertisers who have the capabilities and are advanced enough to know these are the capabilities they want to do and customize their campaign in order to make it worthwhile for them. On the format question I will also say we definitely have been introducing new formats into the display network and we have been really excited about that. In fact we have a product called Display Ad Builder and Display Ad Builder is a template system that enables us to have lots of different ad formats and to add them very, very easily to our network. From an advertiser standpoint they are very, very easy too to actually start and get running is really the click, click, click and your display ad can be running. Because the content network and the way we choose which ad is actually run is an auction. If display is winning it is winning  because it is actually a higher CPM ad. So by bringing display ad to the mix with text there is more competition and more variety and so when it makes sense for a display ad to run then it wins the auction and because it won the auction it is bidding more than the existing text ad. Over time that can bring positive competition to the auction.
