Patrick Pichette: So there you have it folks. Why don’t we have Jamie turn on the lines and then we’ll take your questions. So Jamie, over to you.
Patrick Pichette: So why don't I take the last question which was the housekeeping item. Actually this is pretty straightforward change, Ben. So in Q3 our Motorola and Google segments purchased and sold services to each other and these transactions are reflected in our Google and Motorola segment revenues. The main thing analysts need to realize as they update their model this time is that the total consolidated revenue will no longer necessarily like in the quarters where there is transaction between the two equal the sum of the Google and Motorola segment revenues. So analysts who currently sum up our segment revenues and profits to derive consolidated estimates should need to model in elimination lines for the intersegment revenue and profit in order to get their consolidated estimates. So that's simple as that. Thanks for the questions. So, Jamie, why don't we go – thanks, Ben – to our next caller.
Patrick Pichette: Thank you, Larry. Carlos, on the issue of CapEx just to reiterate the fact that the majority of the CapEx this quarter was spent on production equipment, so like machines, data center construction looking ahead and building the capacity ahead of our needs to get the flexibility and real estate purchases, so we had a number of kind of really good opportunistic purchases in the portfolio we were targeting and they kind of came online this quarter, so pretty pleased with that. I think that overall investors should see this as a very positive sign and a positive signal. As I mentioned last quarter during my remarks, we continue to invest really for the long term and just a conversation we're having with Larry on the topic of R&D. And our infrastructure continues to be a key strategic area for investment for us. It's really important that when we see signals of or opportunities where we need capacity, the worst thing for us would be to actually not have it in terms of machines and data center capacity. So the strategic value of having it for flexibility for our long-term positions are really important. That's what you see reflected in our investments right now. So thank you for your question, Carlos.
Patrick Pichette: Why don’t I jump in for a second, CPCs. Listen we don’t, because you asked the question about, what do we expect quarter over the coming quarters. We don’t really manage the quarterly CPC trends. We actually focus on the user and the advertiser ROI. So in general right we attribute CPC trends to a combination of those five factors I talked about, FX the three mix effects of mobile versus desktop, emerging markets versus developed markets, the channel mix between our sites and our network, then a number of products and policy changes; that’s really the big driver. I think that we’re really pleased as Nikesh mentioned enhanced campaigns is a great platform that enables us for a future and as long as we actually have the format that delivers the great ROI then enhanced campaigns will just accelerate this in the future and that’s what we’re working on. So, it's really the complex puzzle and it's important that not only we think about CPCs in the context of all the factors I talked about. But what's even more important is the dynamic of those CPCs and page clicks together. That’s really the magic that actually talks about our growth.
Patrick Pichette: Just to say that we clearly do not, as you all know we don’t give any sense of what's going on in the fourth quarter. We actually just are closing our third quarter so we don’t give forward guidance on any of it. I think maybe Nikesh can give a sense of where PLAs are going in general.
Patrick Pichette: So clearly on international, not only is our kind of core search business performing very well, but also as you've seen other revenues which includes the Play platform is actually doing pretty well internationally. So those two are the big contributors for that one. As we stand on Motorola, I mean Larry mentioned it very well at the beginning of the call, right? It is still early days for us. I think that we have Dennis and the team have already made a huge transformation at Motorola. We have now great product quality, the Moto X, the first of the products that have come out and it's actually been very well received, a great product. So the team is now really working on building out marketing and distribution which is the kind of phase of it. So that's the mindset that we put in Motorola. This is not a this quarter or next quarter but much more – a more fundamental kind of optimistic and recent view of the company. So that's how we think of these issues. Thanks, Justin.
Patrick Pichette: No, I mean, on your U.S. network it really is as you know there are changes in policies. They basically affect dramatically more our network and because of our network, think of AFS is really very heavy weighted to U.S., that’s really what’s been the main driver for that change. I will let Nikesh take the front end of the question.
Patrick Pichette: Just before we close the call, I think we’ve great news to announce. I mean all of you that have worked with us, with the investor community group; you know that Willa Chalmers who is part of our IR team has been kind of missing in action for the last few weeks. I’m just incredibly proud to announce that Jacob Allen Chalmers is now in the world and has arrived a couple of days ago, mom is doing incredibly well, so Willa is doing great too. So just to let you know that she has not disappeared, she is doing great, the whole family is. We are all ecstatic about it and it’s another great kind of Googler addition for the family. So that’s why Willa disappeared for a few weeks. With that, I will turn it back to Larry to close the call.
Larry Page: Yeah; thanks Mark for the questions. I think the first part of your question I’ll to send Nikesh in a minute and I’ll take the voice recognition question. I think we made tremendous progress on voice recognition. Even in period of months probably the last couple of months or six months the accuracy has gone up quite a bit. If you haven't tried it, I’d really recommend you to try that, it's super fast, on the motor axe, you can say, okay Google now, even if your phone is turned off it will turn on and answer your question. So, I think we’re super excited about that, and I think we made tremendous strives and we’ll continue to improve accuracy in that and to make the products better. But I think they’re already super useful and we have a lot of usage coming from voice. So Nikesh, in the enhanced campaigns.
Larry Page: Like a three-way question [indiscernible]. So I think on the ecommerce side, I think Google's been used for e-commerce for forever and we're really excited about doing a better job of that. I think we want to remove friction when people are buying online or in the real world. We know people often click on an ad in a mobile device and then make their purchase on the laptop or they might in fact buy it in the store and we need to really get the conversion data there to the advertiser. So I think we've done work across all those things, across multi-screens, multi-devices from online to offline. We recently launched cross-device measurement in AdWords and we're also just trying to make it easier for people to buy things in general. It's as simple as that's same day shipping in local inventory and search. Like I said, we're just looking to reduce friction and we're very excited about that.
Larry Page: Yes, thanks, Carlos. I think we definitely are working on accents, so I appreciate that. I think that on the long-term R&D question, I think we don't break all this on detail, but I would say that, my stronghold in general is to get people to spend money on long-term R&D. In most companies I think even companies that have significant R&D budgets, if you look at that maybe 99% of it ends up being really incremental, which is relatively small improvements to kind of your existing businesses, and maybe 1% of that ends up being kind of true long-term things like Android was when it got started. So I think I kind of view my job as the opposite thing is to get people to spend on the long-term R&D. I do think people have a perception that's material. I don't think that – that's not been my experience and so it's very hard to actually spend money on long-term things in any kind of meaningful way. And even the investments we've announced, things like Calico or rather an absolute dollar number's probably significant amounts, they're not significant for Google. And I think you should actually be asking me to make more significant investments. I wish I knew how to do that but I think it's actually very difficult to spend kind of meaningful amounts of money relative to goal scale on things that are speculative.
Larry Page: Thanks, Ross. We have all positions available [indiscernible]. I think we certainly agree with that. I think it was a pretty good description of me. We all account many different pieces of your commercial experiences. I think in general I mean now our experience for users is not that seamless and there is lots of different pieces of technology and processes in order to make commerce happen and so on. So I think we have got something we absolutely are looking at improving about closing the loop and so on. I mean I think your question actually is pretty good, so really I don't know that I can add much more.
Larry Page: Yes, Dan thanks for the questions. And I think we saw a lot of advertising and we do a modest amount of advertising. I think we find that pretty useful and we’ve gone better at doing it, and I think it's good for our business, it's good for us to understand kind of the advertising perspective from a advertisers point of view given that’s some big business for us. I might want Nikesh to elaborate a little bit on that. In Fiber, I think it's really just early days. We’re just getting going on that.
Larry Page: Okay, great questions from Gene; thank you. So I think, I guess on self driving cars specifically I think for any big innovation I think you overestimate short-term and underestimate long-term, that’s probably good summary for self driving cars. I think we made tremendous progress and we’ve driven large amounts of miles, how we change the business from being something that wasn’t going to happen at all to something that now is somewhere inevitable and people’s feelings about it which I think is tremendous progress. That said it’s still pretty early days from the product, I don’t know exactly what I have been saying but its still ways from being a commercial product. Probably overestimate that in the short-term like I said and underestimate that in the long-term. Now for the second part of the question.
Larry Page: Thanks, Stephen. So I think again it’s very early on Google Fiber. It’s announced in several places I think really rolling out in Kansas City. I think one of the things that’s unique about the Google Fiber offering is that your television service is available right through the data connection. So one big change in having a high-speed data connection is actually the entire kind of television experience, cable TV like experience comes straight through your data connection, through your gigabit connection. And people I think have been pretty excited about that experience being a great experience for watching television actually. So our next question.
Larry Page: All right. Thanks, Scott, for the questions. So I think – so the first topic is pretty complex topic, I think we're very well positioned in mobile. I've said this before where we have the Android. I think we have tremendous services on Android. And we have obviously search and things that work across many different things. I'm tremendously excited about the funding. We have the potential to really improve people's experience as they move more into mobile and spend more time there and to make those experiences much more efficient and pleasurable and beautiful for those users. Often as I do things with third parties and one thing to keep in mind is we've done a lot of effort around the APIs on Android and we're working with top developers in and around Google Play as a marketplace for those developers. Those things are evolving all the time with the help of some users and help of those developers. So we have a lot of ideas there and a lot of work going on. So I'm actually very, very excited about that. I think we're tremendously well positioned to help them [indiscernible] move along and make users' experiences better and to improve our business from the developers' businesses. I think – even I find I'm spending most of my time now on mobile and not so much on the old desktop world, because I guess a lot of people are going to generally do over time. I think on Project Loon, again it's really early for that. So we announced because we had to, because people are seeing them and they're flying around and so on. But it's a small team, it's very exciting. We've been totally amazed by the positive reaction we've gotten across the world and from high speed and telcos and other people wanting to work with us, which is tremendous, we want to work with all of them. I think I found something important in trying to improve rural Internet access, which is something that if you're one of the significant number of people in a rural area or a place that doesn't have great Internet access now, it is something that really matters to your quality of life. So we're excited about that.
Nikesh Arora: Hey, Mark as you know on the topic of enhanced campaigns the challenge we had as we moved into a multi-screen world was, everybody was producing solutions where we had to basically run campaigns on different devices in a different way because it's this evolution that happened from desktop to mobile to video ads et cetera. And effectively what our team working with Susan and Sheila’s team have been able to do is to provide one single interface and one single mechanism to be able to manage our campaigns across multiple devices. Now that’s a good thing because it improves process, let’s them see the ROI across various devices with the analytic tools that we’ve come up with. But also there’s a lot of work that needs to happen on the advertisers side because they have to develop beautiful experiences for their customers on mobile devices as well as on their screen. So I think it's a process where we’re all going through this together, advertisers love this new mechanism. They’re adjusting their keywords and they’re bidding models based on all this new effort and we’re seeing great progress in terms people are already advertising those. But not only that, we’re also working with all of our advertisers to make sure they have great experiences on their other screens and other devices so that they can truly leverage this. So, I think this is definitely the sort of the first set of steps we’ve taken to towards future or multi-screen devices and multi-screen advertising but we think this is the way things are going to keep evolving.
Nikesh Arora: Yes. Hi, Ben. If you look at the last 15 years of history like you talk about, a lot of the gains of online advertising have actually come at the expense of what we would call performance advertising. Anytime you wanted to interact with users, get people to come into your store, get people to buy your product, get people to click on your website, all those gains have happened in performance which has been great. But what's beginning to happen is as the watch time on various online video sites continues to grow, as more and more online video begins to be available in a nonlinear fashion in television screens or recent as Larry talked about Chromecast, that stuff or a bunch of the gaming devices, a bunch of other TV solutions, they're beginning to see a lot more watch time being expended either on your desktop or on your multi-screen devices or even on your television. As that begins to happen that advertising is more addressable, more directly attributable and provides more measurement and capabilities. So we believe that that's definitely a more superior opportunity for advertisers to be able to attract their brand customers and actually know who's at the other end. So I think that trend is definitely in the right direction and we're getting upward.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah, to follow-up on the marketing question, I think we still encourage our product teams to go out there and get their products to be used by users, the [merits] of the products, because we believe that’s all the marketing that they can have. But as our products get more and more popular there are many part of the world we want to make sure there’s awareness for those products and people understand what the capabilities and features are. That’s the only time we bring in marketing to kick in. And the other area we do a lot of marketing in is in trying to make sure that our advertisers understand the advertising opportunity so that they can actually can spend money with us; so that’s roughly how we think about marketing. But the primary focus is definitely on making sure we create great products that users use and the products stand and get (indiscernible) their own merits.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah, on Google Play as you know that Google Play has been something that our teams have worked really hard on in the last two years to make sure because that sort of fills out the Android ecosystem and as a key part of making the Android experience a great experience by having great content, great apps on the Google Play system. And in terms of economics, the economics like you said rightfully are shared between developers, carriers, OEMs and us and our key with Google Play is to make sure that there is a robust ecosystem. People like Android devices that provides some great functionality and we believe anybody who brings value to that ecosystem should have economics in that ecosystem once a carrier, OEM or a developer or us. We’re not going to specifically talk about who keeps what part of the economics, but just to say that we’re comfortable with the way the economics work out, and the more important part is, it is helping drive the ecosystem in the right direction.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah, on travel we continue to work on travel. As you know we have a great exciting product on flight search and we have our IDA business and we’re happen with the business the way it is. We are working hard on making sure that the entity level concepts that applies to a product it also applies for travel as in terms of flight search.
Nikesh Arora: Yes, I mean, from our perspective we believe that technological enhancements can definitely improve user security in order to make sure that the web continues to remain economically viable in that transition. So we’ve a lot of concept to this area, but it’s very early right now to try and actually elaborate them and talk about what’s going to work, what’s not going to work. But as I said the primary motive is to make sure that we can keep enhancing technologically what’s going on, what’s going to make sure that if we don’t bring the system and you make sure that things stay secure and economically viable. In terms of Japan, as I mentioned Japan has been good for us this quarter. And as you rightfully identified that we’re -- we continue to see robust growth in the sort of the multi screen space. In that market, clearly it’s an early adopter market as it relates to mobility and tablets and devices. So you can -- we’re feeling very good about how the consumer behavior there is and how that translates into advertising.
Nikesh Arora: Well, again as we've always said that YouTube is an ecosystem which is a combination of great users, great advertisers and great content and we talk to content providers all the time because we understand that users come to YouTube so that they can enjoy both user-generated content, other forms of content both short form and long form. So we're pretty comfortable that we're making great sort of progress. The number of hours that people watch YouTube continues to go up, the amount of videos uploaded to YouTube continues to go up. And as Larry mentioned, we're seeing a lot of YouTube usage coming out of mobiles. So really our content strategy in YouTube is working. We're constantly talking to people about content all the time and so sure, we will talk to anybody who wants to talk about content. But for now we're happy with where we are. In the end our goal is to help make sure that our users have a good experience, that they get to see the right content on there and our advertisers are able to advertise on that platform.
Nikesh Arora: Yes, to build on what Larry said I think he's right that we are expecting more and more dollars to move towards these platforms for a variety of reasons. One, there are more options for some more players in the market which are – that means they are all working hard towards the same goal of convincing advertisers and this is the place where the users are and this is where advertisers need to be. Also if you think about what's going on, it's as I said earlier in the context of YouTube, we are going to see more and more video coming on to the web and online mechanisms is more targetable and more addressable. In terms of our differentiation, if you look at what we've done over the last many years is we've actually worked in terms of trying to provide a comprehensive solution across all digital capability whether it's on Google, whether it's off Google, whether it's in our network, whether it's with us, whether it's with partners that are on the web, whether it's with mobile devices, whether it's on desktop devices, whether it's from display ads, search ads or video ads, if you look at it what we're trying to do is we're trying to make sure that when an advertiser wants to reach users, we can provide them a comprehensive solution that they can go ahead and advertise. And if you couple that with measurement which is what sort of makes online so much more compelling that if you are going to look at measurement, look at analytics around it, so advertisers get a lot more information. They have lot more options and of course in the end we want to make sure that we focus on very high quality ads. So if you combine all of those things, we think we can continue to be working towards providing them comprehensive solution and we work really hard with all the players in the ecosystem whether it's publishers, agencies or other media property owners, so we feel good about this.
Nikesh Arora: Yes, in terms of enhanced campaigns, I’m not quite sure what do you mean by what it meant for overall spending in the quarter.
Nikesh Arora: Yes, we don’t -- do we say it on the enhanced campaign, so we’re not actually trying to quantify the effect, because we believe its part of your overall experience and its step in the right direction in terms of what you want to achieve. In terms of your question as it relates to location and time of day modifiers. I mean these are requests from advertisers, but to give you an example usually when a car rental company advertises when somebody is in airport, they’re likely to get a higher click through rate and higher conversion than if somebody is searching for car rentals when they’re sitting at the desktop. So the location can be used as a great modifier in terms of advertising, in terms of getting better conversion, that’s just one example. We’ve millions of examples like that where you can actually use location very effectively or time of day very effectively, the traditional example of when I’m hungry you show me an ad more likely to click an ad that offers me restaurant choice or food choice than if I’m not hungry and it’s late at night. So there are different modifiers that allow us to pay different advertising. People shop more at lunch time, so there is a whole bunch of stuff that comes in when you start providing location and time of day modifiers. So I think it’s good. Thank you.
