Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Heather. As I said in my opening remarks, I do think we have seen tremendous momentum at our partnerships team and how we are approaching. There are a lot of new alliances which I talked about. So now we have teams dedicated to partnering with GSIs and we have a team focused on technology partnerships too. On the GSI front, we announced a new alliance with Accenture last September to create industry solutions for a number of industries including retail. So for me, I think, overall, everywhere I look at we are establishing a world-class enterprise team. Partnerships has been a big focus and I've seen progress there. I think as I said in my remarks, overall, 2017 I expect to have a lot of momentum because we have moved well beyond the table stakes. Now, we are really competing on areas which we think we have differentiation. I talked about data analytics and machine learning, security and so on. So I think we are well-positioned. The momentum when we look at the numbers internally and as well as the traction we see in competitive situations, I definitely think we are going to have a great year and hopefully in the next conference coming up, Diane and team will share a lot more details.
Sundar Pichai: Hey, Eric. I'm assuming when you said the device ecosystem you're talking about how our platforms are working at scale. The thing which I get excited about is computing is increasingly moving rather than just one device which is a dedicated computing device to being there for users in their context and you'll see computing increasingly embedded in many things, and we have a comprehensive strategy. We do want – we invest in it for the long run. We're improving our computing experiences with machine learning. We expect to be there for users across a device ecosystem, and we're also building things like Google Play to work across all of this so that users can have one coherent experience. I think we see great momentum both across our partner ecosystem, as well as pushing the cutting edge of the experience which is what we strive to do with our own hardware devices. And so I think the end-to-end strategy is working well for us.
Sundar Pichai: And, Mark, on Voice Search, we are really excited about it. I think it's a very natural way for users to interact. We think it will be one mode. Users will have many different base by which they interact with computing. And for voice, as you pointed out, we expect voice to work across many different contexts. So we are thinking about it across phones, homes, TVs, cars, and trying to drive that ecosystem that way, and we want Google to be there for users when they need it. And even with Google Home, we just launched it in Q4. We had a very strong quarter there, and we are going to invest a lot in it over 2017. It's very early days. When I look at what it would take to Voice Search well, our years of progress we have done in areas like natural language processing comes into play, and I think there's a lot of work ahead to make all of this work well for users. And this is the core area where we've invested in for the very long term, and so I feel very comfortable about how this will play out in the future.
Sundar Pichai: And, Doug, I mean, just like Mark's question on Voice Search, I would encourage you to think about it as from a user standpoint, they are looking for information, looking to get things done. The voice queries are one part of the total journey they are on. So when we think about something like the Google Assistant, we think about it as an ongoing conversation with our users across different contexts. So they may ask a question on voice, later when they pick up their phone, they want continuity, so we think of this as an end-to-end thing. And all of this means users engage more with us, more with computing and look for more information, and I think the trends we see are positive. So we think about it from a long-term perspective, and so I see more opportunity than challenge when I think about Voice Search.
Sundar Pichai: Look, I mean, I think – I would think about it as, we are investing a lot in developing this premium experience in a way of YouTube Brand, YouTube Music, and we do offer it across Google Play Music as well. You will see us invest more, more countries, more original content, and we'll bring together the experiences we have over the course of this year. So it's even more compelling for users. But we are seeing tractions with the rate of signups. We're not disclosing specific numbers, but I'm excited at the progress there.
Sundar Pichai: On your first question, look, I mean, we think of YouTube again as an ecosystem. We are trying to connect creators with users, form a community. And so, we work hard to bring more premium content. We already work with TV networks and their individual shows, whether it's a late-night show like James Corden or Jimmy Fallon, afternoon shows like Ellen, sports programming like NBA and NFL. For example, sports is one of the most popular verticals. We have hundreds of sports partnership in place, and so we'll continue to invest that way and drive the premium content there. On the second one, we do look at the end-to-end experience, look at what are the kinds of tasks which users are trying to get done. Mobile raises the bar if you want to provide those deeper experiences for users. And so, I generally think local is a big area. We have strong assets there with Maps, and so we think about how we can improve the local experience a lot more for users. So for example, within local areas like dining, we work closely with our partners to make that better. So we get it at a pretty granular level and we try to hit all the areas. And so, I think you'll see progress in all these areas over the next few years.
Sundar Pichai: Look, overall, I would say there's been a – been very pleased with how the team has been driving innovation in ad formats and ad experiences. I think video advertising is in its very early days. We see whenever we (45:32) innovation phase, and advertiser response to all these new formats has been really positive. So for example a bumper ads are six second video format that we launched. It's already being used by thousands of accounts, including major brands like Universal Pictures and Netflix. On your question around how we think about the experience across screens, it's really important to understand users consume YouTube across screens, and so they experience consistent experience. And similarly, from an advertising standpoint, we want that to be thoughtful for users, more relevant across screens as well. And so that's the context in which we do this. We give users control over that experience. But I do think as part of these changes, advertisers can get more detailed insights from their YouTube campaigns across devices so they can better understand the impact of their marketing campaigns. So I think it's early days, but I think it's the right direction, and I think we will see good traction from it.
Sundar Pichai: Look, I can't comment on any specific discussions, but I said a little bit earlier we are constantly working with partners across these areas. We work very closely with TV networks on their individual shows. It's a big part of the YouTube experience. And so you will see us work hard to make these partnerships deeper and bring more content to our users. So maybe I'll leave it at that.
Sundar Pichai: Look, I mean, we are in the early days. I think it's really important when you work on a platform you have to drive it forward as we've always done by putting out the state-of-the-art and I think it especially gets important in the vision we have for computing where users are going to use it across many different contexts. And so to do that end-to-end experience, it spans devices. So I think it's important for us to work at the intersection of hardware, software and services and so that's how we think about it. And I think we invest a lot more in our ecosystem and I mentioned earlier, I'm incredibly excited at the lineup we have for this year from our partners. So we do both and we are very thoughtful about it. I think the scale at which we are doing it shows it's working and I'm confident we'll be able to strike that balance well. In terms of Google Assistant on the Pixel along with how search works, I think definitely it gives us a way to iterate and move faster and make sure it's working better for users. Our thesis is that as we make it easier for users to have Google at their fingertips across what they are doing and including many modes whether they are typing or asking Google a question, we find that it overall benefits. And so it will be a long-term trend but I think our earlier studies (51:44) show that our intuition is right there and so we'll continue approaching it that way.
Sundar Pichai: So, on Google Play, for me what makes it work well is just with the vision of computing we have been talking about how it works across contexts. You need an ecosystem. You need an apps and services ecosystem to work cohesively across all of this and that's what I like about how we are approaching Google Play and you saw us this quarter – see Google Play work beyond Android phones. They're coming to Chromebooks. They work in Daydream, they work in Android Wear and so it's an end-to-end thing which works well. And that's the most important thing so that as a user, you know whether you're engaging with a game or a TV show that you can reliably get it across your computing experiences. And we'll adapt and I think we will drive innovation simply to go where what's right for users and developers and so be it Instant Apps or driving better HTML5 experiences. We invest in all that and I think we'll move it all forward. On your second question about how machine learning and AI is improving our monetization, it definitely, I mean, just like we had many, many launches last year which involve machine learning being incorporated across Google including our monetization products. Our monetization teams at Google have always been at the cutting edge of what I would call as machine learning techniques from early days on. And so they are doing it. It is early days now but I think we already have really new insights and so we'll bake it in over the course of the year. Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Thank you.
Sundar Pichai: I spoke about it a bit earlier, but I think it's important that we evolve all of this from a user-centric standpoint, and users have an identity, they have preferences. And so for example, think about it from a user standpoint. If they don't like one particular ad or they don't want to see an ad from a particular advertiser. They want it to work across their experience, across their cross-device experience. So we think about it that way, and so we are working towards a long-term experience that's right for users and which I think will make sense for advertisers reaching users too. So I think we are evolving it jointly and thoughtfully, giving users control. And I think that's the right way to approach it over time.
Sundar Pichai: On our monetization efforts, our teams always have been very thoughtful about planning not just for the short-term but planning for the long-term. We don't start the year thinking our plan is to increase ad coverage or something like that, right? We have many experiments in the pipeline. We see how user behavior is evolving and in conjunction with that, we evolve our ad experience. So for example, as people use mobile, scroll more, it's to track the user behavior changes, and we adapt to that in a very, very disciplined way. So last year, you saw us maybe increase coverage in a certain way. For example, in desktop, we removed ads on the right-hand side, and so we take a very holistic approach to these things. For me, I do think we have a lot of headroom ahead. I still look at where most of transactions happen and how that secular transformation is underway, and so I think we see we have a lot more headroom left. And Ruth, I'll pass...
Ruth Porat: And in terms of, you noted, the one-time item, there are really two that I'm actually going to call out. One was in cost of revenues, I noted that equipment costs were elevated by some one-time charges, and so there was some pressure there. And then the other item that I noted was with respect to our tax rate. I noted that there was slightly elevated tax rate this quarter. It's always affected by the geographic mix of results but we did have a discrete item that affected the U.S. tax rate to make that clear.
Ruth Porat: So, on the first one trying to be helpful in giving you dimension and impact on cost of sales, but really not much more to add there. I think the other point is that you're thinking about the hardware business. It was gross margin positive. There were just some other variables in there.
Ruth Porat: So on the first question in terms of YouTube, Sundar elaborated on my opening comments. We're really pleased with the ongoing strength we have there. We talked about on prior calls. It's largely driven by Video, primarily TrueView with a strong contribution from DoubleClick Bid Manager, and we are continuing to invest significantly in the business given the importance of supporting the ecosystem of content creators through partner payments, marketing, YouTube Originals, YouTube Spaces. We're broadening the platform. We're investing in the requisite infrastructure given machines and bandwidth required, and Sundar elaborated on some of the upside we see there on the non-ad side. And really the point I was trying to stress consistent with Sundar's comments is, we've got the non-ads momentum here on the YouTube side, and we're also seeing tremendous momentum with cloud, which we're excited about, and the hardware and investing behind those. So those continue to build out the revenue streams as we're looking in the near to medium to long term.
Ruth Porat: Well, at this point, we've launched in five countries. We're pleased with the early success and it's still early days, it takes a while to build a subscription business here. And I'll pass it to Sundar for additional commentary.
Ruth Porat: Well, as we've talked about on prior calls, there are obviously a number of businesses within the network line, and a number of things went right this quarter. I wouldn't extrapolate from it. As you know, there can be some seasonality, and Q1 is typically lower than the fourth quarter. I think the main point is that the programmatic business continues to be a strong contributor with significant growth reflecting the ongoing advertiser adoption just given the overall efficiency of programmatic and improved targeting and the benefit of inventory growth. And so the story, it's pretty much unchanged. We continue to see the growth in programmatic offset by declines in the more traditional businesses. And when you're looking at the quarter-over-quarter, we are continuing to see things like the impact of policy changes and timing of product launches. But I just think that there were a number of things that went well this quarter. Q3 was a bit lighter so that's been flatter quarter-over-quarter comparison, but I wouldn't extrapolate from this.
Ruth Porat: And – yeah, in terms of your second question, really not much more to add on the first part. In terms of the buyback, we weren't able to commence it in the fourth quarter due to trading restrictions but we do look forward to getting back into the market.
