Ruth Porat: Thank you, Carlos, a lot in those questions. So starting with Sites revenue and where we see the opportunities there, obviously Sites revenue up 24% year on year includes the currency impact. And as Sundar and I both commented on, the biggest driver again this quarter was Mobile Search. We do continue to have solid growth in Desktop, Tablet. And we have strength in YouTube, particularly video advertising, both in our TrueView product and increasingly from Google Preferred. As we've talked about every quarter since the third quarter of last year, we have benefited from the change to ad formats on Mobile that we made in third quarter of last year, and that is evident yet again this quarter. Then, as per your question, going back to that third quarter of 2015 when we made the change in ad formats on Mobile, our growth rate meaningfully accelerated. And as we've noted in each subsequent quarter, that change has been the primary driver of the higher year-on-year revenue growth rate. But importantly, as you've seen over the last several quarters, we're benefiting not just from the higher growth rate but also from the durability of the impact of the change. So that's really underscoring the efficacy of these ads for users, as per Sundar's comments, and it's reflected in revenues running at a higher level. And you can see where the revenue growth rate was prior to the third quarter introduction. I'll let you do your own forecasting, but when comparing growth rates, we're obviously at a higher revenue base versus last year. And then Sundar talked about some of the recent events that we've had. Innovation is core to everything we're doing. We've launched several changes to ad formats and tools just a few days ago. As the team discussed at the Google Performance Summit, we believe the changes should result in a better, more useful experience for users and better performance for advertisers. And so that just continues to be core to the way we're looking at the business with a lot of incremental opportunity. And then on your Fiber and CapEx question, look, we continue to see Fiber as a huge market opportunity. We're focused on creating abundant connectivity on networks that are always fast and always open, as we've talked about, and we're continuing to work closely with cities given their excitement. We're also continuing to push the frontier with tech innovation, as you noted in your question, and different execution paths. So as you said in the question, we're exploring both Fiber and wireless, and you may have seen our recent acquisition of Webpass. So we want to make sure we're executing against a very large and attractive market in the most effective and efficient manner. We did start adding customers in Charlotte in July. And so again, we view it as a big opportunity. We're being thoughtful and deliberate in our execution path.
Ruth Porat: And I think on the other part of your question, I think the key point is we've talking about programmatic for quite some time. We're just seeing strong momentum across the board, and we continue to benefit from that.
Ruth Porat: And then on cars, self-driving cars is in our Other Bets area, so just a brief update there. We're now testing in four cities, Mountain View, Austin. Most recently we expanded to Kirkland, Washington and to Phoenix. We've self-driven over 1.6 million miles. And the focus here for us is we're solving a really big need, safety, access, and city efficiency. The other thing that's really motivating for us is when you look at over 30,000 car deaths in the U.S. alone, that's what really inspired the founders to start working on this issue. And our approach is quite different from most others. We're focused on fully-autonomous cars because in early testing we saw the risk of depending on drivers to remain engaged once you give them the option to switch off. So we've invested a lot there. We're testing extensively based on this approach. And more specifically to your question, we're pleased to be working with FCA to advance the development of the self-driving cars. With them, we're more than doubling the number of cars that we have, but we do have huge respect for the expertise required, so we do expect we'll work with many partners in this area.
Ruth Porat: So I'll start on the second question. Look, we continue to work constructively with regulators. We don't have an update on timing on any of those specific issues. But the main points in our view are that regulators have found that our businesses do help consumers. And the key mantra here is if we do the right thing for the user, all else will follow. With respect to consumers, we continue to invest in innovative opportunities that create great experiences and improve their lives. And we're empowering small businesses globally by providing greater reach to customers, not just in their towns, but across countries and around the world. And in our discussions, one of the very important points is we operate in a very vibrant, competitive environment, and we're also proud of the fact that we're investing meaningfully in the ecosystem. For example, Android has helped foster a remarkable and sustainable ecosystem of manufacturers and app developers and entrepreneurs based on open source software and open innovation. That's really the thrust of it, and the emphasis is we're continuing to work constructively with regulators, no additional update.
Ruth Porat: So in terms of the U.S., the 25% year-on-year growth reflects strength across products. There's really nothing to call out. It's modest acceleration consistent with what we saw overall, but it's really about Mobile Search.
Sundar Pichai: Look, we obviously think generally across all types of verticals, and you highlighted a couple of important verticals. To give an example on travel, many users start their travel inquiry on Google. And so we focus on doing a better job of getting them deeper information, new destinations, and compare costs through new features in Hotel Search [Hotel Finder], Google Flights, and the recently launched Destinations on Google. In all of this, we work closely with many different partners, including online travel agencies, and so we focus on product enhancements in partnership with them. And the better job we do at answering user queries, the more qualified leads we can provide to our partners, and we think it's win-win arrangement. And the same concept applies for these other verticals as well. So we approach it very holistically.
Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Heather. Absolutely, I think Diane has initiated a set of changes, and essentially she has integrated our go-to-market strategy with our engineering and product efforts. She has integrated our engineering efforts on the cloud. So for example, Google Apps, Drive, Docs, Gmail, Slides, Sheets, Hangouts, et cetera, is on top the cloud stack. Our enterprise customers and partners for them, now they have one enterprise face and internally from frictionless contracts to touch points across Google, to one person to work with them on our considerable enterprise technologies and products, so the big unifying one being Cloud. We now have new leadership in place across sales, professional services, marketing, and partnering plus new customer facing support in the form of professional services. We have an office of the CTO and customer reliability. So it's a big set of changes, and it's obviously having an impact. Many of our customers are also partners since it's increasingly clear how much we can do together. So for me, I see a shift to a world-class enterprise approach, and it's definitely having an impact on the type of conversations we are having and the outcome of the RFPs we are engaged in.
Sundar Pichai: So we definitely – a core part of improving the user experience for the next many years will be driven by machine learning. To give a specific example, you asked about YouTube. YouTube watch time is something we focus on. We use machine learning increasingly to give recommendations to users. So when they're watching a video in terms of what they could watch next, and that recommendation system is increasingly using machine learning, and that directly drives engagement. So there are several such examples I can give across the company. You mentioned AdWords, too. If you look at AdWords and the thoughtful changes we do, over time, we are dealing with paid commentarial space in terms of the kinds of changes and interactions that can happen. So deploying machine learning there over time, over many years, I think is a more powerful and deeper way to explore the various possibilities that exist and I think will lead to long-term impacts. And so I'm very optimistic on it.
Sundar Pichai: On the first one, we obviously, over many, many years, we always put users first. And as we present our search results, we have long-term metrics for user happiness around which we make, that's the framework for all the changes we make. Obviously, with the shift to mobile, the user experience, users are evolving in terms of how they use our product. And with that as a guidance, we have made changes. We make many, many changes and I would look at it holistically. And even some of the changes you're talking about affect certain highly commercial queries, where users are actually looking for that commercial information. So the metrics is what drives how we change these things, and I'm being very, very thoughtful about it. But we always step back and make sure the overall load, et cetera, is really working for users. And I'm pretty comfortable with how we are approaching it. On YouTube, I think about it as we are seeing strong growth. I mentioned the momentum behind Google Preferred and how we are double the rate we were last year. So to me, that implies strong growth. It's tough for us to assess whether it's from TV or just advertisers investing more because there's traction in YouTube, but we just see strong momentum. And as far as today, when I just look at how users are using mobile, video is the killer app, killer format on mobile, and I think that's what gives us the secular trend moving forward.
Sundar Pichai: Mark, thanks for the question. I would say at a higher level, this is a scale business. And you're right, as we have had this shift to mobile, there are second-order effects which kick in too, which is why when you look at our ad improvements and our revenue improvements, I would focus more holistically. We do deeper changes across the board, not just visible changes on the page, and all of that contributes to it. So I do definitely think as the shift to mobile accelerates, we are getting some scale benefits, and that's part of it.
Sundar Pichai: Look, we are very focused on giving users better controls, and so we wanted to give users a single place to see and control ad settings. And that will be honored as the user moves across devices. It's completely opt-in. Users are absolutely in control. Consumers and advertisers have come to expect ads to work better across devices, and this new option could help us better deliver on that. So for people who choose to opt in, over time we could make sure they see more relevant ads and fewer annoying ones, so effectively put them in better control of the experience they get, and so I think that helps the whole ecosystem work better. We are in very, very early days, but we're being thoughtful about how we do this for users.
Sundar Pichai: Let me quickly – on the first one, we don't comment on the relative mix, et cetera, so I'll probably give more color on your second question. Voice is obviously very, very exciting for us. I mentioned this at I/O. if you look at Android, the Google app on Android in the U.S., 20% of the queries are voice queries. So today in terms of evolving to a conversational assistant, we have a big head start. People do this. We get millions of queries every single day. And it's incredibly exciting to see how people interact with voice differently from text. It's more intuitive. It's more personal, and it's a bit more emotional and an engaging experience for users. And so I think to do this well requires deep computer science, just understanding what they are saying, the natural language processing involved. These are areas in which we have now been working for over 15 years, and we believe we are the best in class. And so bringing all of that together I think is what will help us do this at scale globally, but it's still very early days in terms of getting the conversational assistant right. You will see us launch this through our products as we go through the second half of this year, and I'm excited to see how users respond to it.
Sundar Pichai: On your first question, I think messaging is obviously an important area. We approach these areas if you believe we have insights by which we can create something very differentiated for users, that we are actually approaching it in a new and unique way. The core underlying insight we have is, in the context of mobile and using state-of-the-art machine learning, can we rethink some of the areas for our users? So that's the underlying framework with which we have approached this space of being really enjoying using these products, and we'll get it out to users soon. For example, I think if you take something like Duo today, I think especially on Android, high-quality messaging is an experience that's still lacking for users, so we clearly see an opportunity there. And it's at the core of our mission, bringing information experiences to users. And so that's why we are investing and we are optimistic about this space.
Sundar Pichai: On our overall hardware strategy, we've always, we have done devices like Nexus or Google Pixel, et cetera. We realize a lot of computing innovations happen at the intersection of hardware and software. And as we are building ecosystems and broad platforms, we need a way to drive them forward. And so that's the context in which we do. There are areas where we have done it very seriously. Chromecast is a great example. We now have over 30 million Chromecast devices sold, and that's an example of where we invest deeply. And especially as newer areas emerge like Google Home, we want our ability to put the best experience possible in front of our users and guide the ecosystem. So that's how we think about it. We are being much more thoughtful in how we approach it, and we're building a world-class team so that we can do this for our users. But we are very thoughtful about how we approach it, and we make sure to work with the ecosystem to accomplish what we are trying to do.
Sundar Pichai: And, Justin, on the livestreaming question, I already mentioned that livestream is a big focus for us. We've been at it for a while, and we've built a great, robust, and mature platform for big events. We just announced at VidCon our plans to make mobile livestreaming features available within our core YouTube app on all mobile devices. Our stream time, livestream time has increased 3x since the beginning of the year alone. And YouTube is the first major platform to support live content in 360 degrees. And recent examples, even the RNC in the DNC conventions, they have been livestreamed on YouTube in 360. So there's a lot of momentum there and we are absolutely committed to this space.
Sundar Pichai: On YouTube, at a high level I would say we don't have any new metrics. But on mobile alone, as I've said before, we reach more 18-to-34 and 18-to-49s than any other TV network, broadcast or cable. And every indication we see is that the growth is very, very strong, being driven by mobile, and it's growing globally as well. So overall, I think engagement is very, very healthy. I'm pretty excited about it.
