Patrick Pichette: Thank you, Nikesh. Sean, if you don’t mind, we’ll start the Q&A section now. So I’ll ask you to give us the instructions.
Patrick Pichette: The first part of the question was about top line Mobile versus other impacts on the business and margins. Let me just jump in on this one quickly, and it’s really about the new reality where we have all the multi-screens. And I mean, Larry talked about this at length at the last earnings call where the reality now is it’s not about mobile or tablets or desktop, it’s about this unified life that you have where you’re always connected and the question is are you giving the best answer all the time following me throughout my day. And that’s why in fact Enhanced Campaigns is a great signal of that; where you’re saying, hey, let’s find the right ad at the right time and the right answer at the right time for you to during your day. So I think that rather than to ask if you know which small piece part is going to kind of contribute plus or minus, the real question is are we growing the pie of your day with Google and in the long-term are we really kind of contributing to create the best answers both for the advertisers and for users, and that’s really what we’re actually pushing for. So I think that this trend really presents to us enormous opportunities and when people ask about what’s going on with TAC Patrick or what do you think the impact of CPC on a very specific basis, I think that that’s the wrong way to ask the question. The real right way is the excitement we have about kind of helping you throughout your day on all your devices, right and the pie grows for everybody. And that’s the right way to ask the question. So thanks for your question on that, Justin.
Patrick Pichette: Why don't I jump on the first question and I'll let Larry answer the second one. Look, on Fiber, I think it's really simple. It's very early days. We're totally excited about delivering a great user experience with faster than Internet speed. And Gigabit as Larry said with Sergey's kind of quest a few years ago, Gigabit speed over hundred times faster than the average American. I mean, that is a great user experience and it's really about pushing for speed and writing the new chapter, the next chapter of the Internet. So for us I think we really are excited about this and that's really where we're focused on. On the second question, I'll let Larry give his comments.
Patrick Pichette: Yeah, I think that the thesis is not only about the future but it’s really a lot about today. Speed matters today, right? When you wait for three seconds to get to a YouTube video today with your current provider, right? That is a terrible answer. And we think that Fiber and the services we offer in Kansas City today actually can go – goes a long way to solving a lot of today’s frustrations independent of tomorrows. In addition to that, our Kansas City offer that we have, right, is already quite differentiated in offering kind of an amazing service, for example, with storage with 2 terabytes of storage available and another in the cloud that really kind of not only is about speed, but it’s about a package that says, you should have abundance. And with abundance, then the third piece which is kind of I think where you were going is the excitement of what the developer community can actually create for a world that is in fact, at blazing speed and with an abundant of storage. So I think it’s already today answering a big need, it’s already today quite differentiated and it is just laying the path for what should be the next change of the Internet. And I think that you see it in Kansas City with so many developers moving to Kansas City to actually kind of create this coming world, just gives you a glimpse of all the opportunities that are out there. And that’s why we are very excited about it. I think it’s a….
Larry Page: Thanks, Anthony. I’ll take the first question there; maybe, I’ll give the second one to Nikesh. I think that Google is really focused on building and creating great Android experiences within the strong ecosystem that we have. And it’s really great to see developers really focused on and building for Android. So I’ll give Nikesh the second question about The Enhanced Campaigns. But I’m certainly, as I mentioned, I think it’s gone pretty smoothly. I’m pretty excited about it.
Larry Page: And on the management change question, I think, as we’ve already said, we’ve really exceeded crazy ambitious goals we dreamed of for Android. It’s the most used mobile operating system in the world and a very big thanks to Andy for that. He really decided it was time to hand over the reigns and start a new chapter at Google. And we actually have an outside – we haven’t said what that is and I’m not going to make news today on that. And actually going forward, Sundar is going to lead Android in addition to his existing work on Chrome and apps. He has a great talent for creating products that are really technically excellent yet easy to use and he loves a big bet too. So, we said how that performed I think we had very smooth transition and of course excited about the future.
Larry Page: Yeah. Thanks, Ross. I’m glad you’re excited about Glass. I am too. Now let’s say it is early days on the profit for just, handing over small numbers so far. I think that we’re probably pretty good at third-party ecosystems, our experience on Android and the bunch of other areas. So I’m not too worried about that. There’s been a lot of speculation on that. I would just say it’s early. And I think the price tag was set for developers for an early test. We don’t have any news to announce there, but it was clearly – I’m not sure I’ll call it a luxury price, but certainly a pretty high price. I think that what I’m, like doing with my Glass, I think – what do people do in Glass? I really – I find that photo taking and the video, phone calling, quick messaging, directions, all to be a pretty amazing experience and that’s some of the core functionality we built into the device, we’re excited to really get it out to some developers and have other people create some amazing experiences with it, which we haven’t thought of yet. I guess that it’s still early days. But I think it’s very exciting. Our next question, please.
Larry Page: Let me jump on the second part of the question. Look I – it’s very clear, we care about revenue growth, we care about profitability, and as we’ve said before, right, we’re not in the business of money losing businesses. So regarding margin, for us what really matters is every incremental profit dollar creates shareholder value and we’re focused on growing these profit dollars rather than the specific of the average aggregate margin. So if you have business for us, that can be a $20 billion business that has a much lower margin than ours, but kind of contribute a couple of billion for the bottom line of the company, what’s not to like, right, especially if it’s rather capital light. And these are the areas that we’re, in addition to our core business, right, exploring and by the way, they have a great symbiotic relationship, right. When you have devices that are kind of magical and that kind of feed within our core software businesses, there’s this kind of magical relationship as well that kind of continues to enhance our offering. So the real trick there is to keep focused on dollar margin pools, dollar margin in revenue and then not worry too much about where the aggregate shows up because it’s all good for the shareholders.
Larry Page: Yeah, thanks, Heather. I guess I can talk a little bit about the Android in the area. And I think that I’ve actually had the pleasure recently of using a bunch of different Android phones from different manufacturers. The experiences are a bit different. The return, the menu back button is on different sides or things like that. There’s differences like that, just somewhat fragmented. But beyond that, we had a pretty great overall experience and there’s a lot of innovation and that the platform is moving really quickly and that’s how we designed it. So I think that’s – then the negatives on such fragmentation and the positives on such innovation and flexibility for the different users of the Android ecosystem. So I think actually it’s working pretty well. And we obviously evolve the ecosystem and make sure – making sure that user got a really great experience and making sure, paying attention to the lab and making sure that works well. But I think we’re actually doing a pretty good job. I think on Fiber, you had some questions on Fiber, I think Patrick can address that.
Larry Page: All right. I mean, we’re going to look at these businesses as we look at any business and make appropriate investments. I think that obviously we know what’s going on with our business and excited, it’s early days, we’re excited about it. And we will continue to evolve that. But as I said earlier too, I mean, it’s difficult if you – even if you want to spend a lot of money on these kinds of things I think it is quite difficult to do that. So I think that’s also good to keep in mind, some things have a natural rate of growth, but makes sense we’ve done pretty well with that over time.
Larry Page: Thanks, Neil, for your question. I think maybe Nikesh, who is the expert on both these. I think our business has always been about attributing advertising spending and results accurately. And the whole success of our company is really based on that one thing. So we are paying a lot of attention to those kind of questions. So, Nikesh, take it away.
Larry Page: I'm sorry; I didn’t hear myself, sorry. I was going to ask – thank everyone for spending so much time with us today and we look forward to hearing from you in the next quarter.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah, thank you, Anthony. As Larry just said that, it was very complicated. We had to train a sales force around the world and to launch simultaneously and work with our product team. But so far, the feedback we’ve gotten from advertisers is, it is positive, because it basically takes away a lot of work from them and we’ve been able to migrate 1.5 million campaigns to enhanced campaigns. we also have some great suggestions from our advertisers about what we should do to make it better and we’re beginning to implement those. So we’re hoping that towards the end of this quarter, we should have migrated all of the campaigns, which are done separately as mobile and separately the desktop as combined and really offer them the benefits of location, context, screens, all with one campaign. So effectively I think in the long-term that should be better ROI.
Nikesh Arora: Sure. Scott, thanks for your question. I think what I was referring to was the fact that I believe in the next few years, we will see connected TVs everywhere and we’ll be able to address a TV using IP. When that begins to happen, I think the products we have in place, where we can dynamically serve ads, which are more personalized, which look more like information on display platforms or video platforms is going to be very relevant. So I think over time the television industry shifts to a more addressable, more personalized, more IP addressable type of platform and I think we’re well positioned in that space given our large focus and emphasis on brand, given our huge technology efforts that Susan’s team does in our display and video and really getting our sales force working really well with various brand advertisers around the world. So, we are preparing for that eventuality and we hope it comes sooner than later.
Nikesh Arora: Hi, this is Nikesh. So I guess on DLA so far we're very excited, we have a whole billion items in the product listing ads and we just launched it in Europe. It's too early for us to share numbers around that topic, but so far all I would like to say is, it's been neutral. There has been no impact that we’d like to share at the current moment.
Nikesh Arora: Nice weather just be more recently, Larry, Q1 was pretty dismal, but – from a weather perspective. Douglas, thanks for the question. I think, as I said, Southern Europe has been stable, because there has been concern at the macro level in Southern Europe, but our business has been stable. I think the macro conditions have been going on for a while. As far as the U.S. and Europe, I don't think there was anything out of the ordinary that we saw as it relate to our business results, and our teams continue to execute and we continue to engage with advertisers across the board, large and small, and we haven't seen any shift in those trends.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah, so thank you Steven for your question. I think what’s important to note is before we launched our enhanced campaigns journey in February, we have been very actively working for the last year plus on our grow more campaign, which is grow more, because clearly, the first part of anybody leveraging the mobile websites just to have one. So we spent a lot of time working with our advertisers and partners out there both to get them online and also to get them mobile. And I think the enhanced campaigns with them was a logical step beyond that. Once you have mobile capability, once you have mobile sites and desktops, we want to make sure that you can get best ROI across those things. I think we’re still working on this; we’re still down the journey. we have a significant number of our early adopters on to enhanced campaigns and as I said, we intend to get them all migrated in the next few months, another next 10 weeks actually. So should be pretty good. in terms of future, I think we also alluded to the fact that some of the things we’re offering them are things like proximity bidding and offers. so it’s more about first getting them to leverage, their current capabilities, but then also giving more context and more location, which hopefully generates more ROI in the future.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah, Neil, thanks for the question, and thank you, Larry. I guess, what’s the important part is, we have been working, we have hundreds of studies now working with our advertisers to actually look at both the offline and online impacts? And one of the recent things we did is, online to store as we have helped people understand how their online campaigns are driving more and more people into store, which is most of an online activity. We also look at the entire customer journey. We look at across media effectiveness to show how you can run a campaign in the off-line world, how you can add online to it and what kind of attribution that gets you in all off-line media as well as online media. So we do a bunch of stuff like that. So our research teams are working with external research organizations. So I think we have a reasonably robust practice there working with our advertisers. And in terms of the update, in terms of the ads policy changes, we have implemented all of our ads policies. We obviously have worked with almost all of our network partners. They understand our policies. Many of them have made changes. I think we should be done with most of the transition, but of course, the effect of this policy change will continue to happen throughout the rest of the year.
