Ruth Porat: Thanks, Mark. So starting on the sustainability of mobile revenue growth, as I said, in my opening comments, revenue growth really reflects continued improvement in ad formats and delivery. And that’s on top of what’s a really strong industry-wide global growth in mobile usage as you know well. And then we regularly adjust the way we present ads. So we expanded ad space in some queries with particularly high commercial intent to display more relevant mobile friendly ads. And our view is just as we saw consumer behavior change on desktop we are seeing the same on mobile. And as Sundar said, we continue to believe we’re in very early innings here. And then in terms of sizing, so this is the way we approached it. If I take you back to the capital framework that I laid out last quarter, it’s defined primarily by CapEx and M&A, but also includes working capital and a buffer as well as a potential return of capital. And we remain focused on solving the biggest problems and solving them at scale and that presents sizable potential revenue opportunities. It was a key catalyst for creating Alphabet. But these opportunities also require investment. And so the focus of our team is on prioritizing these opportunities over a multiyear period. We look out, kind of as we’re modeling it out a number of years. And then working with the Board we reviewed our outlook. We reviewed the opportunity set and we concluded that layering in this action at this time complements what we view as a very disciplined budgeting process, while still very importantly providing ample capacity to pursue the growth agenda. And then, applying this framework once we had come up with the size that we believe fits and consistent with the way we do things around here, we decided to come up with some fun math similar to the way we approach sizing the IPO, which sounds like you’ve fit back right into what that was. We do view it as the right action at the right time. And it really is anchored in the framework.
Ruth Porat: So starting with mobile and our outlook there, clearly, as I said, mobile search revenue was up significantly and it was an important catalyst in the quarter. But the very important thing to note, as we discussed also last quarter, is that desktop remains a solid contributor. And so we continue to have a healthy growth there. And when we look, if you step back, overall sites revenue, we’re firing on all cylinders, really strong growth in mobile, desktop is healthy and continuing to grow. And then you layer on top of it YouTube and some of the color that Sundar added there. But that’s really a continuation of what we talked about last quarter as well.
Ruth Porat: And then on 70/20/10 it’s intended to be instructive and it’s intended to mirror the founders’ vision and really capture how we devote our resources, which for us means, how do we apply effort. And for me, one of the many very important statements from the founders that explains this framework is when they said in the letters some years ago and repeated since, incrementalism in technology leads to irrelevance and thus innovation is critical. And so this mantra is really about pushing people to look at new areas, invest in newer areas, look for things that are adjacent the 20% and even the unrelated big bets, the 10%. It’s not intended to be a specific guide to financial modeling. I think with our move to segment reporting, we look forward to giving you more information next quarter which should be helpful there, but directionally to talk about philosophically how do we think about our approach to the business.
Ruth Porat: Well. I guess a couple of things, there has been a very strong foundation here on budgeting and the approach and setting an envelope, and working very closely with business leaders on what that that envelope should be, and we are in the midst of it in. As I said last quarter, but to emphasize our priority remains revenue growth and that doesn’t give us a pass on a rigorous approach to expense growth, and that’s where we’re focused. So I think really what was very encouraging for me is there is a framework, a very strong approach to financial planning and analysis, and really building on that to make sure we have reasonable but tight envelope so that we can have the right conversations collectively, collaboratively with our business leaders to assess how we can look at optimizing all of our resources, and that’s what it really comes down to, it’s looking at how to manage the rate of growth of expenses, while still supporting our growth initiatives and we’ll be going into more of that in as we go through our segment reporting in the fourth quarter.
Ruth Porat: So I guess, there were a couple of things, on expenses and expense management and clearly a lot of the foundation here has - was laid some time ago. I think after a period of big expense buildup, there was an appreciation that we needed to manage the cadence of spend. And that’s what we’re doing and collectively we’re locked arm-in-arm to make sure that there’s resource prioritization. I think that’s an important part of that we have an extraordinary set of opportunities, not just within Google but across the Alphabet businesses, and we need to ensure that prioritization is a key part of all that that we do. I would note that when you’re looking at some of the expenses, operating expenses is an example. When we look forward to the fourth quarter, in particular given the hardware launches that we’ve done here with the Nexus Chromecast and Pixel launches, a consistent with prior device launches we would expect higher sales and marketing and I realized I’m getting a little more specific than your question, but I think it’s very important to note that there are also certain patterns to some of these similarly with CapEx, CapEx is - it’s been a bit more muted here. And I indicated last quarter that where in a bit of a digestion period. But when you look forward to 2016, we do see accelerated investment given the nature of the businesses that we’re building up here. So I want to also just keep make sure, we can things and perspective. And I think, it’s just, it’s been an extraordinary experience joining this team, I think the with the move to Alphabet it gives us the opportunity to then provide some greater insight into the extraordinary operating performance within Google and breakouts you can see the investments that we’re doing and we’re working very tightly as a senior team here as we make that next step into this new environment in Alphabet.
Ruth Porat: Well, big picture what we are doing is looking at ways to use the mobile screen space to be as useful as possible for users. So this quarter we had some important changes and we’re always focused on innovation, and we’re growing in a growing market. But as we’ve said we’re looking at how consumer behavior is changing and just as it did on desktop we’re seeing the same on mobile and the notion of trying to make sure were being as useful as possible for users is key driver and we’ll continue to innovate.
Ruth Porat: And then, in terms of your M&A question, I talked about how did we think of sizing the return, I started with what’s really most quarter as which is continuing to focus on the biggest problems and solving them at scale, and ensuring that we’re investing in those. And as I said that’s primarily to find by obviously the opportunity, but how do we support the growth that’s about capital expenditure and about M&A, and those are really the anchor pillars in our capital framework. And then beyond that there is working capital and a buffer and then the potential return of capital. We talked about the fact that we have six products that have over billion users. Three of those were through acquisitions, YouTube, Android and Maps that is not lost on us, and then you layer on top of that, double-click that was also through acquisition. So we do have you viewed app and at the time, it wasn’t clear, I’d say everybody that those would end up being the incredibly powerful businesses, effective businesses for users that they are today. And so it remains a part of what we consider the bar is high, but I certainly wouldn’t want you to read anything into it beyond, what it is it fits right within our framework, and as I said, we reviewed is the right action at the right time.
Ruth Porat: Yes. Interesting in the way frame the question, so within other bets we have a pretty broad array of challenges, opportunities that are being tackled, as you know well from life sciences to driverless cars to what we’re doing in access and energy. And those we’re funding, we’ve got a very rigorous disciplined approach to looking at the metrics against which they’re performing and growing. But you used a term, when do they move into Google. And I wouldn’t assume that, that’s the plan. What we’re really looking at is how do we continue to broaden the nature of issues that we’re able to address. What we want with Alphabet is to be an extraordinary magnet, the best magnet for entrepreneurs, and to be an accelerant for their development. And to give them that the kind of environment where we can continue to thrive, and therefore build great businesses that generate tremendous returns as well for our stakeholders on top of solving big problems. But that doesn’t necessarily mean, in fact, we’re very much thinking they will continue to grow and be independent entity. So it is a broader view of what is Alphabet.
Ruth Porat: Our view is that we are seeding them and they are growing. And we’re not pre-determining what ends up happening. There are big opportunities and we’re excited to be in a position where we can address them in a way that is an incredible magnet for great entrepreneurs.
Ruth Porat: And then, if you’re focusing on the other cost to revenue line, the year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter growth was driven by ongoing data center operations, including depreciation that’s in there as well, as well as content acquisition costs, as you said primarily YouTube and Play. One thing to note as we look forward to the fourth quarter with the launch of Nexus, Chromecast and Pixel, it’s worth noting that we do book the hardware costs in this line.
Sundar Pichai: And on the platform side, look, we continue to see tremendous momentum overall on Android. In just over a year, we’ve gone from 1 billion to 1.4 billion users. So obviously that translates into huge opportunities for OEMs and that’s what we are seeing. Especially, there are whole new markets opening up, there’s next billion users coming online in emerging markets. And businesses, I mean, Enterprises, a whole opportunity for OEMs as well. So I think there is a lot of room ahead.
Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Carlos. In terms of how I think about it, I think we are fortunate to have an incredibly broad mission statement. Organizing the world’s information turns out to be something that has a lot of room ahead, we are still in the early days. Especially with mobile I think you have a computing platform that’s going to reach, it’s already reached half the world’s population or on its way to reach the entirety of the human population in about five to 10 years. So want to stay focused on that both from information standpoint and a computing standpoint, I think of them as two sides of the same coin, and making sure we are building the right user experience for that. And so that’s what I’m focused on.
Sundar Pichai: On the YouTube one, look I mean to shift to video is a profound medium shift, and especially in the context of mobile. And obviously users are following that you’re seeing it in YouTube as well as elsewhere in mobile. And so advertisers are being increasingly conscious, they’re being very, very responsive. And so we are seeing great traction there, and we’ll continue to see that, they are moving more of their traditional budgets to YouTube and that’s where we’re getting traction. On mobile search - to me - increasingly we see - we already announced that or 50% of our searchers are on mobile. Mobile gives us very unique opportunities in terms of better understanding users and over time as we use things like machine learning, I think we can make great strides. So my long-term view on this is, it is ask compelling or in fact even better than the desktop, but it will take us time to get there, and we’re going to be focused to be get that.
Sundar Pichai: Thanks. To me, we want to stay focused on the user experience and we want to follow what users want, right. So if you take something like YouTube, we expect most users to consume, YouTube debate has been and advertising has been a strong part of providing the content for free to those users, and it’s growing very, very well, but we also see a need for certain users, in certain scenarios be it music or gaming or for premium content to experience it in a different way. And we want to make sure we do that. So we don’t have a prescriptive opinion on this as much as we will provide the right user experience and follow where it goes, and that applies to Google Play as well.
Sundar Pichai: On the cloud side, and he observed, I mean it’s an exceptional opportunity, I think it just reflects is a secular shift every businesses in the world is going to run on cloud, eventually and so we viewed as an amazing opportunity. We’re uniquely qualified to do so, as he pointed out we have tremendous experiences and running large scale cloud services. And it’s been only in the past two years, and earnest we have been taking those assets and serving customers outside. For me, what’s exciting as I look at new customer adoption, we are seeing tremendous momentum. We’re very competitive in each of those situations, and we are investing a lot and playing for the long-term.
Sundar Pichai: The interesting thing, we’re seeing is, when we talk about mobile, mobile is a computing paradigm is eventually going to blend with what we think of his desktop today as well. So overall it’s a shift in a computing paradigm, it’s not just form factors. And so overtime we see all of this is together. What matters to us as people evolve they are computing paradigm search transitions to that world, and we are the best source to provide that information. So along that line, I expect all the metrics to follow the trend, and so we only see, all the right indicators, and so I think we are position for the long-term well, so I can’t comment too much on the specifics beyond that.
Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Anthony. On the ad blocker stuff, it’s not a new phenomenon. I think it’s important to understand that ads today fun almost all the services which people use, including products like Google Search, Google Maps many, many third-party products. For publishers, it represents the majority of the revenue and I think users are okay with the contract and we need to make sure it works well. It’s also clear that that are areas where the ad experience is getting in the way, it affects performance, and so we as industry need to collectively do all that better. And so we are going to work hard to do that. And then, so we want to make sure we transition areas like the mobile web to have better ad experiences. But overall, I think we’ve used to this, we’ve seen this for a while overwhelmingly the model works well and we expect that to continue.
Sundar Pichai: On the deep linking, I would view it as, we’re beginning to scratch the surface in terms of how we get it information within apps. What’s been exciting to us is all of the indication show that when we provide these deep links. Users respond to them the same way they’ve done with links to websites and the model is working well. And second think maybe…
Sundar Pichai: On the first one, I think the vision that Larry articulated, it’s a very compelling vision and it’s still valid. To me, the way I think about it is mobile is a good forcing function in some ways. It’s a good constraint for us to focus and deliver against that vision. So what I’m doing is internally all our objectives are primarily focused on mobile, and how within the context of mobile we get to a better, simpler and a consistent experience for consumers and advertisers. And so, that framework is how we are thinking about it and I think we are making solid progress.
Sundar Pichai: Thanks, Mark. On the first one, or maybe you’re specifically talking about the mobile search experience on Google.com or the Google app, but we are seeing the same traction within Maps or YouTube. We are seeing mobile usage dramatically grow and in that context people are searching as well. So it’s across-the-board we are seeing strength. In terms of our app such of scale, and obviously we take a very long-term view. And several of those apps today already play huge roles, so for example, take Google Maps, it already plays a huge important role in making mobile search better. And so these are interrelated. YouTube is obviously a big opportunity. Google Play is one. And even things like Gmail are playing a critical role in Google for Work and how we are driving big business opportunities as well. And, by the way, because we are scaling all these apps over 1 billion users, we are building the infrastructure which is what will power our cloud platform externally as well. So in many ways these are all working for us.
Sundar Pichai: Machine learning is core transformative way by which we are rethinking everything we are doing. We’ve been investing in this area for a while. We believe we are state-of-the-art here. And the progress particularly in the last two years has been pretty dramatic. And so we are - we are thoughtfully applying it across all our products, be it search, be it ads, be it YouTube and Play et cetera. And we are in early days, but you will see us in a systematic manner, think about how we can apply machine learning to all these areas. On Cloud, I think the right way to think about it over time, for a company or for a developer to build stuff on cloud, they need not just basic things like computer and storage, they need a whole set of services on top of it. We - so there is a lot in the stack. And so I think the way we will differentiate over time is because we have built large services on top of our infrastructure, we understand all the layers which you need to build great application. So you would see us increasingly provide value-added services on top of compute and storage. And that’s the way I think we’ll play this.
