Larry Page: Well, thank you, and it's great to be here, and thanks for taking the time to be with us today. When I look back over the last quarter, the word that springs to mind is gangbusters. Revenue was up 33% year-on-year, and our quarterly revenue was just short of $10 billion, not bad for a 13-year-old. I'm also incredibly excited about the progress we've made on the product side. Ever since taking over as CEO, I had to focus much of my energy on increasing Google's velocity and execution, and we're beginning to see results. Look at Google+, we had 100 features launched in 90 days, the team is really cranking. We had Hangouts on the phone, Hangouts on air, Will.i.am did a Hangout from his concert in Central Park. You can now share Circles. You can search Google+ and you can play games in Google+. And far and most exciting of all, open sign-ups, Google+ for everyone. Looking at the numbers for Google+, I was taken aback. I now want to announce that we passed the 40 million user mark on Google+. People are flocking into Google+ at an incredible rate and we're just getting started. The engagement we're seeing is phenomenal too. Over 3.4 billion photos have already been uploaded in Google+. But it's still incredibly early days for Google+ because our goal is actually far bigger than the individual feature launches themselves. Our ultimate ambition is to transform the overall Google experience, making it beautifully simple, almost automagical because we understand what you want and can deliver it instantly. This means baking identity and sharing into all of our products so that we build a real relationship with our users. Sharing on the web will be like sharing in real-life across all your stuff. You'll have better, more relevant search results and ads. Think about it this way. Last quarter, we shipped the Plus, and now we're going to ship the Google part. The new visual design, beautiful, consistent UIs for Search, News, Maps, Translate, and lots of other features, is only the beginning of that process. Last quarter, I talked about focus, and we've made great progress here too. To create products that really change people's lives, that they use every day, 2x or 3x a day, is really hard. So we have to make tough decisions about what to focus on or we end up doing things that don't have the impact that we strive for. Since we last spoke, we've begun the process of shutting over 20 different products including Sidewiki, Google Pack, Google Notebook, and Fast Flip, and we'll continue to simplify and streamline our products going forward. This prioritization is crucial if we are to really invest in the extraordinary opportunities in front of Google today. Let me give you a few examples. Chrome, usage is going through the roof. We have now hit over 200 million users and still growing fast. Turns out that people really care about getting to the web quickly and securely and having a whole ecosystem of apps at their fingertips. I'm super pleased with Google Maps, it's a favorite with our users, especially on mobile devices. In August, we launched in 40 new countries, taking our total to 130 countries. The growth of Android is mind-boggling too. Over 190 million devices have now been activated globally. I'm super excited about the soon-to-be released new version of Android called Ice Cream Sandwich, that's right, Ice Cream Sandwich. You won't believe what we managed to get done in this release. We're also seeing a huge positive revenue impact from Mobile, which has grown 2.5x in the last 12 months to a run rate of over $2.5 billion. Generally, I found that high usage products will make a lot of money over time for well-managed technology companies, and that's why it's so important to run these businesses for the long term. That said, we must never lose sight of the fact that today's revenues and growth serve as the engine that funds all of our future innovation. People are a crucial part of Google's long-term success, because great companies are no greater than the efforts and ingenuity of their employees. So our goal is to hire the best people at every level and keep them at Google. Our hiring has to be manageable, if we are to balance our short and long-term needs. You may have noticed quite substantial hiring this quarter, driven in part by a lot of university graduates. Despite the seasonal effect, the total number of people we hired was about the same as last quarter. Our attrition remains low, which is great, though obviously it contributes to our overall current headcount. As I said previously, I continue to believe that our headcount growth is the edge of what's manageable. Let me finish by saying that we are still at the very early stages of what technology can deliver. These tools we use online will look very different in 5 years time. We're building those tools now as Google+, which is why I'm so excited to be here. So thank you. And again, we had a great quarter. And now I'll turn it over to Patrick.
Larry Page: Yes. And I think that we're not going to break out more than we've already given you there. So we thought it was important to show the tremendous success of our business, and so we want to give you a nice milestone for that, but we're not going to break out more data. And also, on headcount, like I said, I think I had already said we're at the edge of what's manageable in terms of our headcount growth and you see our numbers are, as I said, were consistent with last quarter. I think we are always running our business very carefully and prudently, and making sure we're investing in the right places. And we make those kind of decisions every day. And we don't give guidance on what we're going to do in the future.
Larry Page: Ben, I think we think about -- certainly, YouTube is just tremendously successful. It's going gangbusters in every way. And we see that site is redefining the way we think about video. And I'd also note that it's very small percentage of people's overall video usage still. So we see opportunities for tremendous growth there. I think the other interesting thing about YouTube is it really blurs the lines between the kinds of content you're talking about. You can move from one type of content to another very easily. And we're finding our users don't really think about it that way. They think about having a great user experience. And we see it as serving our users well, and serving all the content creators well, regardless of their size. And that seems to be working great for us. And for the second part, Nikesh will take that.
Larry Page: Yes. And I would mention too, Heather, that the mobile phones are just getting amazing. You'll see our work there, and other people's works in coming out, that I think that your experience on phone could actually get to be better than your experience on a computer. I mean, the phone knows where you are, and can help you even when you're mobile and so on. So I definitely -- we definitely see that the experience on mobile improving greatly, especially with Android.
Larry Page: I think we are very, like I mentioned, we are very excited about Android. And we see our partners and that whole ecosystem continuing to grow hugely. And while there's been lots of people trying to attack that and so on, we see absolutely no signs that, that's effective. And ultimately, we think that other companies' actions there will alienate their customers and their relationships with the other companies. So if anything, we see our strategy is getting stronger there. Obviously, we announced our intention around Motorola, and we're serious about protecting the Android ecosystem, making sure that, that continues to be incredibly successful. But we feel good about our efforts there.
Larry Page: Yes. As you know, Motorola deal is under review, and I think it would be premature for us to comment about anything we might do with regards to that.
Larry Page: Yes. Thanks, Patrick. I think that we really think about Google as providing the exact right answers when you need them. And those things are not necessarily particular websites or whatever. They're actually -- maybe actually trying to get a very specific piece of information, like you do with an airline ticket, for example, as we were talking about. So I think we see this as a general instance of a problem, of just making search work better across anything you might want to be able to do. And we're pursuing that in a lot of different areas, and have our whole history, basically. So I think you'll see us do a better job of providing a great user experience on more and more specific things over time. And that's what we do, when we make a better search engine.
Larry Page: I think that maybe I'll answer it in just kind of a general way. Rather than seeing, for example, Microsoft compete in the marketplace with their own smartphones, they've really continued resorting to legal measures to hassle their own customers, right? So it seems kind of odd. And we haven't seen the details of those total agreements, and I suspect that our partners are making good deals for themselves there. And so while there's a lot of press around that, we're really looking forward to our announcements with Samsung next week, which I think will be very exciting. And like I said, we see Android going gangbusters, and we don't see anything that's going to stop that. On your second question about Google Wallet and so on, I think we're very early. We just released a phone with Sprint, the Nexus S with Sprint, that's sold out and has had tremendous demand. And we think that the customers who have gotten that experience are amazingly excited about it. And like Susan mentioned, she can buy her coffee that way. And that's an amazing experience, and we're just at the very early stages of that.
Larry Page: Yes, I mean, I think it's an exciting time. There's a lot of innovation going on in different business models and so on. I think we're very excited about our Android ecosystem and the growth of that. And I think we have very, very successful strategy there, as you see from the numbers that we talked about, over 190 million devices, and growing quickly. So I think there's many -- you're asking about different kinds of structures but we're very, very excited about the structure we have now, and about continuing that growth and continuing to evolve that platform ecosystem. And maybe Nikesh can take the second part there.
Larry Page: We've been very successful with these models on the web, and we have a lot of experience with it, and I think we're good at doing those kind of deals.
Larry Page: I think, again, we're not going to comment on what we might or might not do. I think that we've had very, very successful models for a long time without owning content. And I think many of the models of you see don't involve people owning content but actually selling it or distributing in various ways. And I expect that will continue.
Larry Page: Jason, I think that's a great question. I think that -- I think first thing to keep in mind is that we're still very early in the Mobile business, and you see it's incredibly exciting business. There's a lot of activity. The user experiences are getting tremendously better, just growing like crazy. And there's a lot of economic activity and so on. So we've done well by having a long-term view about it. And I think that we also sort of want to balance having total integration with really fast iteration and fast progress and experimentation. And I think you definitely, I mentioned our unified look and feel that we've rolled out on Google which I'm very excited about, and we'll continue to do things like that, that really unify experience and make it more intuitive for people. But we're also going to do some experimentation, also, on new things, and then have a little bit less integrated. So it's always a mix of that. I think that offers, specifically, we think about our local business as being how do we help merchants and users, users like yourselves, get really good information and help the merchants get the right users at the right time and for the right amount of money, and so on. And that's a very hard problem across a whole bunch of different areas, basic information about merchants' interaction with between the merchants and the end users. And we have things going on in all of those spaces. And it's going to be a mix of, again, rapid iteration and also the integration of those things into, then, a more cohesive whole. And I'm very excited about that space.
Larry Page: It's hard to talk about what we might do in the future, again. But I think, in general, I just think there's a lot of opportunity in providing better services for end users around media. And you see that, I mean, there's tremendous growth in all these businesses that are doing that. And I think we're, obviously, in a good position to help users find the content and the media and so on that they're looking for. And we're in a great position to also help those companies, and publishers, and authors, and content creators to find the right users, and get paid both through advertising and directly. And so I think that's just a logical place for us to be in, and a logical place where you'll see a lot of activity in general.
Larry Page: Yes, I think those are great questions, Jim. I think that I'm not prepared to give you specific numbers about projects we shut down or whatever, but I will tell you, it's been a pretty significant effort, we've had to really streamline our business and we've made, like I said, tough decisions about where we should be focusing so that we really can generate amazing products and businesses. And those are not easy decisions. So I think there's significant resources involved in the kinds of things we're talking about. And it's also -- it's a fair amount of work, also, for us to just go through those -- that process. But I'm excited about that increased focus for us. I think, as I mentioned on Google+, I think we're seeing tremendous growth, which I'm very excited about. We're still very, very early. It's been out just slightly more than one quarter now, and not even fully open until -- only for a very small part of that. So I think we're very early in that. But on the other hand, I encourage you to all try Google+, and sign up, and flock to it. And you'll find that you will see data on search about what other people are doing. You'll see someone had +1'd something or so on. And I think those things can be very meaningful to you as a user. So I have no doubt that there'll be significant impacts from that.
Larry Page: And I want to thank everyone for all the time that you spent with us. We had a great quarter, very excited about our progress so far. And I also want to thank all of our employees who've worked so hard to make these results that you all see. So thank you, all, very much.
Patrick Pichette: Thank you, Susan. So we'll circle back with Jamie to open up the call and take your questions. Thank you, Susan, Nikesh, and Larry. So everybody, grab their handsets, and we're ready to go. Jamie, we'll look for you for instructions.
Patrick Pichette: And on my side, Justin, look, we were -- again, quite a reflection of the economy around us. So the U.S., some of the verticals that have been stronger, right, travel, auto, you go to rest of world, interestingly retail, which is not as strong in the U.S. than it would have been in rest of the world because there's more activity in real estate and in retail in rest of world. In the case of the U.K., automobiles have been kind of particularly strong. And so these are the kind of verticals, again, they are a snapshot and reflection of the economy around us. And maybe Nikesh has kind of more color commentary on it.
Patrick Pichette: Why don't I answer the last question first and then flip it over to Susan. I mean, you're seeing the full year impact of our salary raises last year flowing through in all aspects of our compensation. So when we did the equity refresh this quarter, obviously, it's augmented by the fact that people have 10% more salary and all of the corollary issues around it. So it is a onetime item but you're changing the plateau, if you wish, and then it will flow through into the next year and then it will stabilize itself. That's the best way to think about it. And then on the issue of the verticalization, I'll have Larry take a crack at it, please.
Patrick Pichette: So we, as you know, we don't provide any guidance. We had this extraordinary moment this quarter in Mobile where we had a confluence of so many things going on. And that we thought it was on a onetime basis, again, appropriate to kind of provide number of users, the Android ecosystem that's going gangbusters. And therefore, it was, we thought, appropriate to kind of round it up with kind of a snapshot of where we stand. So for that reason, right, and because of the competitive nature of the environment in which we are, we don't divulge typically these numbers, and you shouldn't expect us to actually give you more information in the future on them, whether it be Display, or Mobile, or others. In the case of YouTube, it's the same thing. I mean, as Larry said, we're incredibly pleased about the growth of YouTube, whether it be the number of videos viewed a day, the revenue growth rates, the performance overall of the content, and the ad system within it. So I mean, all I could say is this is a really, really kind of well-growing property for us in which we are really excited.
Patrick Pichette: I'll take the latter, and then maybe Nikesh will cover the Chrome. On the latter, the answer is yes. Yes, yes, and yes. So yes, YouTube; yes, mobile; yes, format. And I mean, that's why you see such an acceleration of our revenue, and that's why we're so excited about it. And maybe Nikesh, if you have comments on the Chrome and our penetration and how it's working.
Nikesh Arora: Yes. I think we are constantly improving search as well as improving our ad formats. So if you look at our revenues, we will always be trying to drive new ad formats to our customers because we believe they are better, they provide better information, both to the user as well as they're great for the advertiser. Effectively, I'm not going to comment on the profitability of the ad formats except for the fact that they're great for users and advertisers; and good ads are delivered, and users click on them more, obviously, it will have an impact on the financial end. I'll let you figure that one out. In terms of my comment on Western European ad sales, it was more of a relative comment vis-a-vis prior quarters as opposed to an absolute comment about softness. Generally, we're seeing that the economic impact in some of those markets might flow through to some of these things, but it's just mildly soft. We're generally comfortable. Generally, queries are growing up. People are happier with Mobile, people are happier on Display. We're seeing Search query growth. So it's a bit of a mix across-the-board, but it should not -- it's just slight softness, not weakness.
Nikesh Arora: Just on other revenue, let me comment on other revenue. It really is the year-over-year impact of ITA. So, Mark, that's really the key issue there.
Nikesh Arora: Yes. We're not going to break out the numbers for India and Brazil. But what I can give you directionally is both of them are very, very important markets for us. Our products are successful. You see search traffic continuing to rise. YouTube is very popular. Chrome is very popular. So really, we're very happy with the usage of our products, and we believe there's tremendous sort of runway in product usage in those markets because of the changing characteristics of those markets, both from an online penetration perspective and the economic growth perspective of those markets. So with that sort of tailwind behind us, we have great teams on the ground, which are driving businesses to come online. And we're seeing tremendous growth in the ad side, pretty much across-the-board and Display, Search and Mobile. So we're very, very happy with the success of those markets, with the progress of those markets. I'll just give you that as a directional statement.
Nikesh Arora: No. I agree with everything Patrick said. I think the only, sort of nonsecular event that's happening, is that we are continuing to see strength in the CPU verticals. Because we are doing well on Display and CPG have traditionally verticals that advertise more in display. So there was a bit of a opportunity there, whereas search wasn't their prime focus, but those guys are doing really well with the Display offerings we have for them. But I agree with Patrick with everything else.
Nikesh Arora: I guess it's early days for Google Offers. As I mentioned, we have expanded from one Portland trial to over 11 cities in the U.S. And we are leveraging some of the sales efforts we already have with our Ads business. We are leveraging our relationships with small, medium sized businesses. Google Offers, for us, is just one part of the overall opportunity to work with SMB. So it's early days. We're very happy with the progress we've made so far. You might have seen us launch Google Wallet, which is also a part of an enablement strategy for that. So, so far so good, very pleased with the progress so far.
Nikesh Arora: I think Larry's right. There are many interesting models out there. As you know, Android is an open ecosystem, and our Mobile strategy is a very partner-focused strategy. So in many cases, we work with various partners to deliver the experience to the end user. And there are different partners, there are different value they bring to the equation, whether it's distribution, whether it's making Google Search part of their services, whether it's allowing us to be an ad-serving platform there. So each of the relationships are slightly different, and they have different negotiated deals with them. But generally speaking, I think we believe there's a fair value transfer to whoever in the ecosystem brings value to the table. And we get our fair share for providing services in that ecosystem.
Nikesh Arora: I'd love to answer the question like that, like yes, yes, yes. But unfortunately, that's not how the question is phrased. As far as Chrome is concerned, as we have talked about in previous quarters, Chrome is very strategic for us because we believe it is a phenomenal user experience and a user benefit. It just improves the user browsing experience so phenomenally. And we believe that it's important that Chrome be distributed, shared, with almost every user around the world. And a lot of our marketing efforts, and distribution efforts, have been focused around getting Chrome in the hands of our users. We are doing distribution with partners. Our partners encourage people to download Chrome. We are doing distribution where we do direct advertising to consumers to get them to download Chrome with a clear user benefit of better browsing, better video watching, and better security. So we are doing a lot of that. I think, I'm not going to comment on the margin part, but you have to understand, a great consumer experience from Google as part of Chrome makes Google -- makes users use more Google services. So from that perspective, we're very happy with the distribution strategy we have on Chrome. And we don't see any abatement of that strategy.
Susan D. Wojcicki: Yes. So there were certainly a number of factors at play in terms of the CPC and the Paid Click growth. But the most important thing that I want to emphasize is that it's really important to look at these 2 factors together. Since they often move in reverse from one another. The other thing is there certainly was a mix factor where we do see changes in our mix, and that sometimes does have impacts on how our CPCs are -- how the aggregate ones are being affected.
Susan D. Wojcicki: Yes, this is Susan here. So first of all, we don't really break out how Mobile impacted any specific part of Paid growth or CPC. I will say that our ad system is designed to be very flexible. There are always lots of different factors at play that we see changing in terms of users, queries, advertisers, bids. And so, really, we are designing our ad system to be as flexible based on what we're seeing at that specific moment. In terms of narrowing the gap between -- in CPCs of Mobile and traditional search, we see a lot of opportunity for us to continue to grow Mobile. And for example, advertisers having landing pages that are mobile-enabled, we can continue to improve a lot of our algorithms. So we see opportunity for us to continue to improve that over time.
Susan D. Wojcicki: We've introduced a number of formats, just kind of building on Larry's point. So we have advertisers, we can give location. We can actually say, if you search on one specific store, that store is 0.1 miles from where you're located right now, with a map. Or include a phone number, when you click on the phone number, then that's like a CPC. So we're seeing that there are a lot of formats that we can really optimize for mobile, which will make for a great user and advertiser experience.
