Patrick Pichette: Thank you, Jonathan. Before we take your questions, I just want to add one fact regarding the new disclosures that Jonathan just gave you. Obviously, this information reflects our revenues from two different angles of our business. And with it, we've recognized in some cases some small overlaps. So for example, the AdMob revenues are obviously included both in the mobile number because it's a mobile product and in display because it's also a display product. So these are very small, but I wish to just clarify it out for everybody. So with that in mind, what I would like to do is turn it over to Connie to open – and we have Eric with us. So, the "may" is now in "actual," Eric is with us, he has got 20 to 30 minutes, then he is running for a plane. So delighted to have you with us, Eric. And what I'll do is I'll turn it to Connie for the Q&A, questions period. Thank you.
Patrick Pichette: Great. On the other one the Ad Exchange is included in – so if you think of the elements, the Ad Exchange, DoubleClick platforms, all these are included in display and it's done on a gross basis.
Patrick Pichette: So on profitability, let me jump on that one first which is, we have not made any comments on it. You will remember, we talked about it a long time about ago. Because there was so much distortion in the market, we just thought it was okay to kind of set the clocks properly. But since then, we have not and will not comment on it. On the billions of –
Patrick Pichette: Thanks, Eric. Let me go back then to, coming on to the tax question. We did get a one-time benefit this quarter on the tax side and it is related, as the statutes expired for 2005 and 2006, all of our taxes are now closed and in doing so, then we had an opportunity to reverse a set of provisions we had taken that we ultimately didn’t have to take so. You can see the tax rate this quarter is a bit of an anomaly again.
Patrick Pichette: On cost per employee, look, it’s just another reflection of when read anything kind of forward-looking into our results except that it’s just another good example of how we are – I talked earlier about generous but frugal. We are investing, but people should not confuse the fact that we are investing and we are investing aggressively where we really see fantastic opportunities from being wasteful. We are just not a wasteful company. And so in that sense, that’s a good signal and we will continue to do so. On the mobile, maybe Jonathan or Nikesh can give us an indication.
Patrick Pichette: Exactly. Thank you very much Mark for your questions. Let’s go, Connie, for the next question please.
Patrick Pichette: Let me – on the gross value, what – rather than to try to give you more details on this call, Google has actually published some economic data about the amount of value that is actually transacted across the system. And so, I may just refer you back to the IR team that can actually dig that out, because we actually shared that with the public over the last kind of eight months or six months, and it's actually very detailed into how much economic is actually flowing to our systems.
Patrick Pichette: Because it's guidance – forward-looking guidance, I – we just can't comment. I think that you have to take it from the current performance that you see over the last couple of quarters that there is clearly a separation in the world of economic growth in general and the digital economy growth. And from that I mean, you have to infer that – that's why we are so optimistic about the future of international and we are investing so much in it. Let's go to the next question, Connie, please.
Patrick Pichette: Yes. So and just in closing on that, what really matters the most to us as we actually do the resource allocation is, as Eric said, when you see a hockey stick, pour on gas on that fire and when we do actually and we keep the flexibility to make sure that we really feed the winner so that they keep the momentum as you've seen, for example in Android in the last 24 months, which has been tremendous. All right. Thank you for your question. Connie, we probably have time for two or three more – two more questions. So let's go for the second last.
Patrick Pichette: And on the previous question – on the follow-up question, it was about – it's just the trailing quarter. So with that, thank you for your question, Marianne. Let me give you a couple of thoughts. One is, just want to reiterate that what we did today was give you a few indications of why we believe we are successful in these emerging businesses. These data points are not about giving you more information on the coming quarters, but more to give you the confidence about where we are investing and it's really fueling great growth rates and building meaningful businesses. I want to thank you Eric for taking the time. I know he is running for the plane, but it's terrific to have you on the call and take a few minutes with our analysts and shareholders. And then I also want to take a moment to thank all the Googlers for their hard work. I mean, all this strong performance is really on the back of fantastic work from our team worldwide, our great engineers, our great sales force, and our great support staff everywhere. So I just wanted to take from the OC, 40 just the time to thank them again on – in the public domain, because they do such a terrific job. With that, Connie, I'll let you close the call.
Jonathan Rosenberg: I'll try to – I mean, I'll try to take the first question. Certainly the highest correlation between ad clicks and anything else is query growth. So that's going to certainly by far dwarf any other factor. I think the other factors that we are seeing is that the new formats that we have which I had mentioned certainly drive click growth as well. And I mentioned that those formats appear on 10% of the queries. If you try some of those like, Halloween costumes, you will see that they make the ads much more compelling, as do things like merchant ratings if you type in laser printers. So by improving the ad formats, we are increasing the relative number of clicks because the click-through rates grow up.
Jonathan Rosenberg: This is Jonathan. So there is basically two points that we've given that you can use to connect those dots. We said that traffic over – that we have over 24 hours of video uploaded every minute and over 2 billion views per day. When you couple that with the 2 million monetized views per week, I think you can get to the answer that you are looking for.
Jonathan Rosenberg: Yes. We – so we don't see cannibalization. We tend to see mobile is very complementary to the desktop. I think you do see some differences in the search patterns. People use mobile at lunch, they use it on – in the evening, they use it on weekends, they use it more on holidays, but we see more mobile and web search traffic growing and they appear to us to be complementary and not cannibalizing each other.
Jonathan Rosenberg: Yes. By the way – this is Jonathan. Try typing in some things that will generate the hyper-local feature that we have on mobile search ads. If you try, for example, typing in car rental, there is a very good chance you will see an enterprise rent-a-car ad that tells you how far away it is to your nearest location, half a mile along with the phone number and a link to a map, and I think that will give you a sense of how powerful it is.
Jonathan Rosenberg: I guess I don’t actually agree that I have necessarily seen such a trend in terms of more SCO versus SCN. As far as I can tell, SCO has always been pretty big. Pricing has been pretty healthy from my perspective coming out of a recession, bids are healthy. We have got very strong conversion rates, and presumably that’s because the advertisers are seeing buyers again, and the advertisers look at the total value they get from Google, and they are optimizing across everything under purview. So, I am not necessarily sure I agree with the trends the way you have stated them.
Jonathan Rosenberg: All right, sure. There is no question, Ben, there is a very exciting space related to daily deals, which we are seeing, and there is obviously a lot of small companies that are doing a fabulous job there. We do participate to some degree, there are some companies that use site links for hot deals. So, there is a mechanism that we already have where advertisers are actually putting in case deals and highlighting them, but there’s no question. That’s a very exciting and hot space, and there are a lot of innovative players building some pretty effective business models there right now.
Jonathan Rosenberg: Yes, they can set up a separate campaign now, so the smart pricing is a convenient mechanism for them. If they want to leverage the existing campaign across mobile, but many advertisers have increasingly set up separate campaigns for mobile.
Jonathan Rosenberg: I am not sure, no. The smart pricing is done algorithmically on the basis of what we see. We are not doing it. We don’t necessarily look at differentiation between specific bids across different campaigns.
Eric Schmidt: It doesn’t seem to. This is one of those sort of worry work questions that we get all the time, that the success of one thing, could that impinge on something else. And in fact, the rise and tide of all those, and I would say that again, what I hear is the sort of presumption that it’s a zero-sum game and that one wins and another one loses. What’s really happening is that all of the companies that are driving the web and web applications are all doing really well. People are moving from offline to online and in the course of doing that, they are using these systems more, they are searching more, using apps more etcetera. Now, from our perspective, you have this phenomenal success of Android, which is well past anything that I had ever hoped for and looks like it’s on its way to be a huge, huge success within our devices, devices, open model for access, lots and lots of innovation, more dynamic, more competition than any other part of the platform. There are up to 90,000 applications on Android and have grown very, very fast, and those applications of course have sort of drive to them. So, we don’t see them as a negative, we see both as very strong positive.
Eric Schmidt: Yes, the latter one I made out of the mirror. So, we don’t really have a notion of exactly what it is, but it’s probably pretty big. So, one way to think about Android is it’s probably the largest single platform play available in the market today. It’s a platform for computation, for location, for everything you could do with the new and most popular set of computing devices that are emerging. That market is larger than the PC market, the tablet market is a small component of it, it’s an important part of it. So, if you think of mobile as platform, as phone plus tablet, plus all of the other things, we hope to become the leading platform in that space and we are doing it with open source approach. So, in the open source approach, that means we give the software away, which is always paradoxical. People say, well how do you make money from that? Well, let’s start with the fact that the evidence we have is that people who use Android search twice as much as everything else. So, clearly, there is more revenue associated with those searches. And another thing of course is if they are using Android systems, revenue that we share in the search as we shared with operator but not with anybody else. So, again it’s more lucrative. So, not only there are more searches and there is more apps, but it’s also more lucrative. So, on that basis alone, Android is hugely profitable and we maintain the anti-segmentation and other things by a series of contracts around the store and so forth and so on. So, Android is likely to be financially successful to Google without even any of the applications that are possible. So, Patrick calls up and says, okay, what else can you do for us, and the answer of course is, we can layer on value-added services versus how do you get to the $10. And the value-added services, do you have any time. Our primary purpose right now is building this open platform. Google had chose and they did on open systems and open platform on the open web. That service is well so far and it looks like it’s worked really well.
Eric Schmidt: And Nikesh, I think you have already viewed that despite a (inaudible) revenue, because of the success that we are seeing (inaudible).
Eric Schmidt: Yes, the goal of the store is to – people who are writing the software and applications, and it’s not a revenue goal for Google. So, there certainly will be multiple stores, there will certainly be the key one from us, taken the net of – and that win for everybody. So, but it’s not a primary focus on Google from a revenue perspective, it’s really for the developers.
Eric Schmidt: On the handset question – this is Eric – which you asked, I understand the question that you are asking. Our model, remember, is that the handset manufacturers and the operators are going to make a lot of that money. And our model is that, our operating system is free and that we are going to make money from advertising and value-added services on top of the Android platform. So, it's clearly different model. And so it's not very difficult to compare the two, they are really apples and oranges. It would be I think premature to – for us to estimate what that would be, but if you assume that search monetization on handsets will become equivalent to PCs and then eventually exceed it, which is my personal view, then it should be highly lucrative, because those – the customers that are using Google services, they are going use it more because they are more personal and more targeted. And so ultimately, it should be a very, very strong revenue stream compared to a PC.
Eric Schmidt: One of things we are careful about is not to describe how our signals are actually assembled. But the answer is that there are some ways in which we can do that. And we also have in development other ways in which people can give us that sort of information that can make it even more personal.
Eric Schmidt: It’s interesting that’s going on is that we are continuing to make algorithmic improvements to our app targeting, which flow through the system sort of as the inventions are brought out, we brought out hundreds of them in the quarter, the small ones, but some of them is actually helping drive basically the revenue performance on a per query basis.
Eric Schmidt: In general, the web continues to grow at such a blazing pace that if you think of all the signals available, I mean, anyone that will be private is completely swamped in the sea of the Internet, and in that sense, it’s not really a relevant question if you think of, what Jonathan would call it petabyte or terabyte or zettabyte. So, from that perspective, I think that we continue to organize the vastness of this and that’s where most of the value construct. So, I think that we are not concerned on that sense.
Eric Schmidt: The latter is a very speculative question and not something that – one, we don't know and two, if we – even if we knew, we probably wouldn't talk about it. On the question of allocation of resources, I think at the end of the day and Larry and Sergey and I have talked about sort of our job to use our best judgment based on the sum of technological opportunity, business opportunity and so forth to divide, if you will, between classic core businesses, you are really asking in some of these emerging ones. So we are informed by the hockey stick nature of these things. So there is a couple of ones to give you an example of Android, which is small in resources and growing very quickly. So they pretty much have been able to get whatever resources they need and they are going up against very large giants with the factor of 10 more resources, and so we sort of measured it that way. When we then go back and saw for 70-20-10, it turns out that we are roughly consistent with 70-20-10. It's not really as much of a formula, as is much looking at where the real excitement is. The other thing that we are doing is we are organizing ourselves and Nikesh is actually leading this effort into more of an internal business unit structure, because frankly, it's just become so large and so complicated that it's been difficult for us to keep track of all the details. And so that will give us a better tie-in between where the current and future revenue is and where the resources are going. And I think Nikesh is on the order of 10-15 kind of structure by the time we are done, with the obvious big ones being search and ads and display and enterprise and that kind of stuff, YouTube.
Eric Schmidt: We have a pretty strong opinion that we are not going to do very much of it. The reason is that we take our end user data privacy incredibly seriously, and the trust that people have with respect to giving us that information, both their search histories as well as other piece of information, they get very upset very, very quickly if we, in their view, misuse it. So what we typically tell people is we are not going to do the kind of things that you could do with this, like in particular, use it to generate sort of strange apps against your history and things like that without your explicit permission, and we probably in many cases won't do it forever.
Nikesh Arora: I think just following up on what Eric said earlier, we are very, very keen to build this ecosystem, and I think Jonathan’s disclosure on the fact that we are on a $1 billion run rate mobile is a testament to the fact that we have a revenue model which we are very excited about, and that revenue model sort of proves to that, roughly the revenues are split between our storage efforts, our display efforts, application efforts, and we are able to play across all those three spaces in our mobile monetization efforts. And the more people who use commercials, more people who are able to access the web devices, the more we see the trend that people that are searching them, they are going to give us opportunities to put display advertising. So, we see no reason to change our monetization model. We think the current approach to Android drives more users and more usage and drives these.
Nikesh Arora: I think the only thing I have to add to that is there are some formats which we started to introduce, which are driving a better monetization on the mobile sites, formats like click-to-call and hyper-local, because people are searching in their mobile devices where they want to then make a phone call or they are searching on their devices and they are looking for something in a very local context and there, we are beginning to see sort of better CPMs and better monetization. Generally, we think that's where the trend is, that's where we are going to see more and more monetization. And clearly, we are seeing monetization in the application side of the mobile, because with the AdMob sort of team that we have and all the advertisers who want to be part of the application, the applications are becoming a big share of people's mobile usage.
Nikesh Arora: Yes. The U.S. growth was very good for us. I'm very pleased with the way our U.S. team has driven the revenues sort of across the board, across our revenue categories. On the international side, I'd say generally, the trend has been positive across the board. I know the U.K. has been a bit weaker, but there is a bit of currency in there as well. But France, Germany, those markets have actually been very, very robust. I'd say Southern Europe has done way better than some of the Northern European countries, but that's expected because they are enjoying sort of bit of a growth curve. And clearly, some of the Asian markets are growing robustly for us. So, good growth across the board.
Nikesh Arora: I think the important part to understand on the mobile space is that the reason the billion dollar number is an interesting number is that just means that now the larger advertisers can get more interested, because we can help them spend reasonable amounts of money. It's very hard to go and make a pitch to a large advertiser when the maximum inventory that you can offer them is in the five to 10 or $50,000 range, especially with advertisers who got $100 million or $200 million advertising budgets. So, to get them interested – if they get interested, they would like to be able to deploy reasonable amounts of money against this market. So, the part I am excited about is that the inventory continues to grow. There is diversity in formats. People are interested in search-based advertising. People are interested in display-based advertising. They want to be in the middle of applications and get customer engagement. So we are seeing sort of reasonable broad-based interest. Clearly, the early adopters are people who can actually consummate a transaction. So, insurance services want a click-to-call, they want to be able to pitch, they want the customer to be able to pick up the phone and call them. There are now people who are in the local space, who want the customer to come to their restaurant. They want the customer to come show up, where they are offering a local service. So, that interest is going up. Now the retailers who actually are interested when you are looking for a local J. C. Penney or RadioShack that, if we can tell you where it is and they can actually click and find out where it is. So, the interest continues to grow as you look at the local categories, as you look at the click-to-call categories. And as Jonathan said, as payment capabilities start getting bills into the phone, you will start seeing even more of an interest from the e-commerce players.
Nikesh Arora: Yes. So, I'll let Patrick answer the – (inaudible) on $2.5 billion dollars. But in terms of the million partners we have, the entire partner network is part of our display network that we offer and we actually have the ability to offer them display advertising or text-based advertising, and basically it's based on ROI and CPMs that we make that determination or the publisher makes the determination or the advertisers make the determination. So an entire network that we have is open for display advertising already.
