Ruth Porat: Sure. Thanks for that, Brian. So overall, that's sort of a truism, as you know well, looking to grow revenues at a faster rate than expenses as we're focused on delivering sustainable financial value. And so that really takes us to the work streams, which I tried to tick through. Again, those remain the driver. They're the real priority. Those are the efforts that are going to enable us to expense growth. And it's moderated as possible while supporting the investment growth that is so exciting in front of us, in particular, around AI. 
Ruth Porat: And then on to your second question regarding YouTube, as we said, overall year-on-year growth in revenues was driven by both brand advertising and direct response. But very much to your question, yes, there was a stabilization in spending by advertisers. We're really pleased about that. We're particularly pleased about the ongoing performance in the Living Room and on Shorts. And as I said, that's both watch time growth and monetization. I'd say the other thing benefiting YouTube is the retail strength we talked about with Search, retail strength in APAC in both Search and YouTube. And that really began in the second quarter, continued in the third quarter, but that was another contributor. So quite a number of things going on. I feel good about the results the team was able to deliver here. 
Ruth Porat: So look, on the first question, obviously, this is tragic. There are no words to talk about what's going on. And all of our focus has been on supporting our people there and how our products can be as helpful as possible in this very painful time broadly, and so nothing really to add. And then in terms of the second question, Sunday Ticket, the only thing I tried to call out there is that clearly, this is the first full quarter of Sunday Ticket that is contributing overall to the subscription revenues that we see. That's in part of other revenues. Also, obviously, it is contributing to higher CAC in the fourth quarter. So we try to make that really clear. And as we look longer term, we expect to generate an attractive return over the life of the deal. We're continuing to invest in support of this and excited about the additional opportunities that come out of it, working with partners to deliver clips and other opportunities. As we've said, we've heard positive feedback from our partners at the NFL about the new features and live stream reliability. And this is really a clear example of our ability to execute big partnerships with excellence at scale and really leverage a lot of the extraordinary magic at YouTube and across Google, and that's what we're excited about. 
Ruth Porat: So I think what you're referring to is my CapEx comment. I was trying to make the point that we are committed to meaningfully investing in CapEx given all the opportunities we see. We do continue to expect elevated levels of investment in our technical infrastructure. It will be increasing in the fourth quarter. And I talked about some of the difference in timing, muted timing, in the third quarter due to the timing of supplier payments and then tried to make it clear that we will continue to grow CapEx in 2024. Or more specifically, to your question, 2024 aggregate CapEx will be above the full year 2023. So that was the main one. And then as it relates to Cloud, as Sundar said, what we're really excited about is the revenue growth does reflect healthy customer adoption across the portfolio, and that's infrastructure, data analytics and security. And so I can't comment on others, but we feel good about where we're sitting here looking forward, and we'll let you do the forecasting. GCP growth in the third quarter was above the growth rate for Cloud overall, and we feel really good about the work that they're doing there. And then, of course, in addition to that is all of the contribution from Google Workspace. 
Sundar Pichai: And to your first part, obviously, we see AI as a foundational platform shift and are excited about the opportunities across our business. It starts with Search. And I've been pretty pleased with how the user feedback has been on SGE. We are rolling it out to more users. Through it all, we are making sure the product works well, and we are generating value for our ecosystem, and that adds transitions well. And I think I view this as, with AI, the opportunity to evolve Search and Assistant over the next decade ahead. And I think as we've always seen, when you continue to invest and build great experiences, you can get value on the other side. And I do think over time, there will be newer paths, just like we have done on YouTube. I think with the AI work, there are subscription models as a possible path as well. And obviously, all of the AI investments we are doing applies across Cloud, too, and I'm pretty optimistic about what's ahead there as well. 
Sundar Pichai: Thanks. Good questions. On Gemini, obviously, it's effort from our combined Google DeepMind team. I'm very excited at the progress there as we're working through getting the model ready. To me, more importantly, we are just really laying the foundation of what I think of as the next-generation series of models we'll be launching throughout 2024. The pace of innovation is extraordinarily impressive to see. We are creating it from the ground up to be multimodal, highly efficient tool and API integrations and, more importantly, laying the platform to enable future innovations as well.  And we are developing Gemini in a way that it is going to be available at various sizes and capabilities, and we'll be using it immediately across all our products internally as well as bringing it out to both developers and cloud customers through Vertex. So I view it as a journey, and each generation is going to be better than the other. And we are definitely investing, and the early results are very promising. On Cloud, maybe what I would say is, overall, we had definitely started seeing customers looking to optimize spend. We leaned into it to help customers given some of the challenges they were facing. And so that was a factor. But we are definitely seeing a lot of interest in AI. There are many, many projects underway now. Just on Vertex alone, the number of projects grew over 7x. And so we see signs of stabilization, and I'm optimistic about what's ahead. 
Sundar Pichai: On the first part about SGE, we are still in very, very early days in terms of how much we have rolled it out, but we have definitely gotten it out to enough people both geographically across user segments and enough to know that the product is working well, it improves the experience and -- but there are areas to improve, which we are fine-tuning. Our true north here is getting at the right user experience we want to, and I'm pretty comfortable seeing the trajectory. And we've always worked through these transitions, be it from desktop to mobile or from now mobile to AI and then to experience. And so it's nothing new. And I feel very comfortable that as we go through it, the strength of our teams, both on the organic side as well as at site, to drive the right experience for users, including ads, will pay dividends. And I think we'll continue to make improvements and make progress there.  On your second question, at a high level, I would say, all through the -- we just celebrated 25 years. And of all the things I was proud about, when I looked at the strength of the work we have done across our infrastructure as a company, our technical infrastructure as a company, and various given stages, at a given moment in time when we adopted new generations of technology, we have looked at the cost of it. But then the curves, the efficiency curves, we have driven on top of it has always been phenomenal to see. And I see the current moment as no different. Already through this year, we are driving significant efficiencies both in our models, in training costs and serving costs and our ability to adapt what's needed to the right use case. And so I think we'll do everything that is needed to make sure we have the leading AI models and infrastructure in the world, bar none, and we'll continue driving efficiencies from there. 
Sundar Pichai: On your first question, look, I broadly think of it as people are looking for information. They always look for it in many, many different ways. We've given the product search example. People can directly go to Amazon, as an example, or come to Google. So if you zoom back and take an information view of the world, there's always been many different ways to get it. And part of our work we do in making Search be world-class and give users what they're looking for is so that we can get as much of that intent as possible. So I don't see that changing. With mobile, there were more ways people could get information, but we worked out to make Search work better in the mobile world. And similarly, a view with AI, there'll be many ways people get information, but it also offers us an opportunity in Search and in Assistant to take it to the next level and answer use cases, which we couldn't have done before, and expand the diverse set of needs where we are sourced. So that's how I see the opportunity ahead. 
Philipp Schindler: So maybe I'd take the first one. We're very pleased with how Performance Max is performing. It gives advertisers really maximum performance across all inventory from, one, really AI-powered campaign, and it's probably the ultimate example of AI in action across our ads product. It's delivering excellent ROI. Those using it achieve like, on average, over 18% more conversions at a similar cost per action. So since rolling it out 2 years ago, we've continued to expand the features, give advertisers additional ways to steer how it works and do a lot of things like account-level negative keywords, other details here.  We launched new life cycle goals, customer life cycle goals, we call them; a revamped asset creation flow that really helps business adapt and scale their most successful creatives. I think that's one to watch. We will also continue to build other new PMax features based on all the advertiser feedback we're seeing. So we're very, very encouraged by the progress here.  Overall, maybe -- there was a second part to your question a bit, on what we're hearing from the customers out there. Look, driving ROI and efficiency is still top of mind for many, right? It's a rapidly shifting and still quite unpredictable consumer landscape out there. Our AI tools are very well received, AI, gen AI are top of mind for everybody, really. There's a ton of excitement, lots of questions about it. Many understand the value. Nearly 80% of our advertisers already use at least one AI-powered search ads product. And yes, we're hearing a lot of good feedback on, number one, our ads AI Essentials, which are really helping to unlock the power of AI and set up for durable ROI growth on the advertiser side, this is -- those are products like the foundation for data and measurement, things like Google Tech, consent mode and so on; and obviously, Search and PMax, we talked about it; and then all the gen AI products, all those different ones. So there's a whole lot of interest in those products, yes. 
Philipp Schindler: So as Sundar said earlier, we're several weeks into our first season, and we're very pleased with how it's going. I think, in the broader context, you have to look at it as an overall YouTube subscription strategy. The great feedback we've gotten so far in the YouTube experience is very, very significant. People love the navigation. They love multi-view, they love the chats and the polls. And frankly, people are very happy with the lack of latency here. The #1 piece of concrete feedback the team has gotten is actually that people want the ability to pick their own games from multi-view, which is multi-view is the awesome feature we started rolling out on YouTube TV, that gives sense to the ability to basically watch multiple streams at once. And yes, overall, the teams are working hard to build a fantastic experience, and we are really trying to stay focused on getting our first season right and providing the best possible experience really for fans here. 
Philipp Schindler: And to the second part of your question, yes, Chrome still plans to begin phasing out third-party cookies in the second half of '24. In the last several months, Chrome has really made significant progress on the Privacy Sandbox with APIs for developer testing, and they're now generally available in Chrome. Our ads team is testing these APIs. And as we shared back in April, the preliminary results of our interest-based ads testing showed that a combination of what we call privacy preserving signals and AI optimization actually provides positive results for businesses preparing for a cookie-less future. We also recently announced that in Q1 of '24, we plan to deprecate third-party cookies for 1% of Chrome users, and this will support developers, obviously, in conducting their real-world experiments to assess the readiness and effectiveness of their products without third-party cookies. And we're overall encouraged by the ecosystem engagement on Privacy Sandbox. We'll continue to work with the industry and regulators in how these technologies can support the transition to, frankly, a more private web. 
