Patrick Pichette: Thank you, Susan. I’m never going to jump off with one of these balloon plane. So it was an absolutely unbelievable experience and thanks for Sergey’s innovation on that one. One more thing just before we turn to Q&A, just a couple of announcements, one, we have just launched our Google+ Investor Relations page, which is designed really to be a great source for Google products updates and company news relevant to investors and shareholders. So please be sure to check it out and let the IR team know what you think of it. So that’s just launched about an hour ago. And as we are about to open the lines, I just also want to invite David Drummond, our Chief Legal Officer, he will be joining Nikesh, Susan, and myself to answer any questions that you may have. So welcome David to the call as well. And we are going to turn on now Jamie to the Q&A section. So let us know how we want to operate.
Patrick Pichette: Okay, so on the details of the purchase price we haven’t given in terms of the asset and obviously the IR team can follow up with you on that, but I think in our disclosures the press release like, you will see like for example, intangibles was 30 some million in the case of Motorola and 32 I believe for Google. Just on the intangibles, so it gives you a sense of numbers for the step periods. As it relates to the home business, I mean, again a bit of the same story that I told Mark prior, which is, we’ve just got into the place and we’re in the process of evaluating every business of MMI, in every division of it. So it’s a little bit too early for us comment on big changes right now. So I just need a bit of patient for us to complete our home work as we’ve been there just for a few weeks.
Patrick Pichette: Yes, I want to let Nikesh talk about Larry situation, Susan can talk about the second question on iOS Chrome and then I’ll just take it to run, so Nikesh.
Patrick Pichette: Yeah, the fact that Sergey is actually leading the Glass project doesn’t change any of the strategy. So from that perspective just very exciting and fun to share it with people when we have such exciting demos. But I wouldn’t change any of the strategy in terms of the real focus of management and our capital intensity.
Patrick Pichette: No, the issue for the Nexus S, Nexus 7, the – I mean we have two sets of accounting, obviously, it’s distributed on it’s own by others like, you can get it at Best Buy and otherwise when you use the Play Store to actually buy it right, we book the revenue and then we book the cost as well and the cost will be in other cost of revenue rather than CAC or TAC, they’re neither of them and that’s how the accounting is set.
Patrick Pichette: So, let me jump on TAC, and then let Nikesh answer to the first question. So TAC, it's really a mix, right, obviously TAC reflects a mix of the different distribution methods that include toolbars, chrome distribution, mobile distribution, and also obviously the AFS business as well. So there's a – if you look at our revenue mix between Google properties and network, right network will attach stronger, so that will drive TAC as well. And then, mobile is also one of these contributing factors. So we don't break down all these specifics, but it’s not only mobile. I mean, we have a number of factors that are at play here. On the first question, I’ll let Nikesh circle back to you.
Patrick Pichette: Yeah, it’s important to know that the 16%, there was a big chunk of it, that was CPC versus the last quarter. I mean, as the euro kind of went down 9% year-over-year, I mean it obviously makes a big difference. So thanks for your question.
Patrick Pichette: Yeah. I mean just to close, open is really important to Google and in that context you see our strategy is very focused on end-users and been open and we are going to get a lot of benefit that we already have and continue to get a lot of benefit out of that. So, it's a complex question, there is no doubt about it. Thank you, so much for your question. Let’s go for the next question please.
Patrick Pichette: Well, you’ll have, in the segmented reporting you'll find that information. So, after the call, so this is for your second question, Jason. On the issue of depreciation, I think that the team can circle back which would give you the split, because we do the segmented reporting. On the first question, which is about Google growth and our success there, I’ll let Susan cover that one.
Patrick Pichette: And with that with an eye on the clock, we’ve got to run. I just wanted to do couple of things; one is thank Nikesh and Susan as well as David for joining us for the call, and Q&A. I also thank all our Googlers, I mean these last 90 days and the great results that we are posting now and beginning of the collaboration and integration of Motorola, all these things are possible because our Googlers do a phenomenal jobs every single day. So I want to thank everybody and then as I close, remember to go and take a look at our Google+ website for investor relations. And I think you will find it pretty interesting. So with that Jamie, I’ll let you close the call, and I wish everybody a happy summer.
Susan Wojcicki: Sure. Yeah, so I mean voice search has been an area that Google has been investing in for a number of years. we believe like we have really good technology here, because we’ve invested for so long on this. and as I mentioned in my – when I talked before hand, now with the Jelly Bean release, we have the ability not only to ask a question, but also to have the answers given back to you. And so, I definitely recommend that you test it out. it is very powerful and we think in the right circumstances, users will want to – some users will want to type and some users will want to have voice. And so in the circumstances where they do, was developed a really amazing technology that is leading edge on that.
Susan Wojcicki: Yeah, definitely; maybe we’ve spent a lot of time looking at that to trying to understand how those two different types of devices and how those searches are interactive with each other. And this is very complicated, but I will say we believe that mobile searches are mostly incremental. For example on weekend, when you – those are out and about, you usually see a raise in mobile activity. And then when users are back on Monday, we see a raise of desktop. So, although it’s not a one-for-one, we do believe that they are mostly incremental.
Susan Wojcicki: I mean we’d look – I think we’re still in the process of trying to have run our analysis and trying to figure that out. I mean I think that the thing that handsets and tablets have in common is they’re both on the go and people are willing to take their mobile, people use tablet certainly in the office environment as well. So, I would say, we’re still doing the analysis on that.
Susan Wojcicki: And on Chrome for the iOS device from the moment we launched it was a very popular in the app store and we’ve seen this one of the top apps and it’s something we’ve invested for many years on Chrome. It’s got a lot of really compelling features, from security, being very fast and we continue to expect to see growth just because of the users using it for the different features that make it a really great product. From the other things, the self driving cars and Google+, I mean those continue to be projects that from a headcount perspective are very – are small, we’ve talked about them being they are small, but they have the potential to be very big. And I think they are also projects that – we sort of think about them as moon shops a lot of time, like projects that we think can have really amazing capabilities, but again, and they get the company excited, but in terms of actual resources, it is a very small number.
Susan Wojcicki: Yeah, and this is Susan, just one more thing I would add Doug on your question about the mobile CBCs and the percentage that are bidding, is a lot of campaign structures are setup so that when an advertiser participates in a bid, they actually bid, they can instead of one campaign and it can run across everything. And we adjust those prices dynamically for them, we have – it’s called Smart Pricing. And so some advertisers do bid specifically on mobile and then some advertisers have bundled campaigns and we adjust those prices. So it’s not just advertiser that are bidding only for mobile that are participating in mobile.
Susan Wojcicki: Hi, Ken. So yeah Offers continues to be an area that we are investing in, we have, I mean we think that there is a lot of things that are really important about Offers the way it’s a local business and works with both small and large business it’s got, there is a lot of user interest in it. So it is an area that we are continuing to invest in. We’re also, as we continue to develop our business model continues to evolve. And for example, we are putting a little – we’re working with a lot of the different Offers and providing distribution for them in addition to generating our own Offers with our own sales team. So, but it continues to be an important area for us, and we’ll continue to invest in the cities that we’re currently operating in.
Susan Wojcicki: Yeah, so Lloyd, so we made this decision to move to a commercial model because we saw that ultimately this would drive a better experience for users and having more up to date information and more accurate price and inventory availability and so we are in the process of rolling that out. We think it will be rolled out. We expect probably completed around the Q4 timeframe. And we are working really hard with all the merchants to get them all on board, and again we think this is actually really good for both the merchants and the users. We actually don’t refer to this as feed inclusion, just because that actually is a term from the people who have been in the industry for a really long time meaning putting in, paid things into the search results, in a non-marked way. And we’re very, very clear when we show this, we do mark everything very clearly as sponsored, and again we believe that actually moving to this model is good for both the users and for the merchants and we’re really looking forward to this transition.
Susan Wojcicki: Sure. Yeah, so, overall we've been really pleased with the growth that we've seen, you’ve talked about the $250 million accounts that we have, Google+ accounts. And I do think it's also really important to remember that Google+ just celebrated its one-year anniversary. We actually celebrated that at IO. And so, we see that Google+ account growth has growing really well. We think that one of the most important things is that when you have a Google+ account you have the ability to share. And we've talked about Google+ being the social spine across all of our products ability to make all of our products better. Not just the stream, which is an important part, but also for example your search experience. So that if I have a friend, a friend went to hotel, and +1 that hotel, if I’m ongoing to that same location, I would you be able to see that information at the time that I'm doing that search. And so we have many, many use cases where we think being part of Google+ will be a better experience. And so we’re working across the board to make sure that our products are integrated, we have a number of integrations across the products, probably local with the most significant one that we did this quarter, and we find that having those integrations by making the products better, also tried to more usage of Google+. So yeah, so thank you Jason, that was an important question.
Nikesh Arora: (Inaudible) Carlos, hi, so in YouTube there are two different issues. And if you’re talking about performance advertisers, they’re able to look at ROI on YouTube versus other performance media on the online space. I guess more interesting when you start talking about brand, because brand is not just about the online space, brand is also about the television space. And we’ve done very exciting things, with single source panels, where we worked in Germany with thousands of users and try to look at advertising effectiveness and efficiency, not just on YouTube and online video, but also compared to television and we’re incorporating data into our analytics and our sales pictures to show how the ROI is available on YouTube. We’ve noticed only doing at higher ROI, but we also get higher reach and higher frequency capabilities on YouTube, because you are looking at users on a very large online platform.
Nikesh Arora: There is no more new news on Larry. Larry has lost is voice and we said that means he cannot do any public speaking engagements for the time including today’s earnings call, but he continues to run the company and he is here and involves in all the strategic business decisions that we’re making.
Nikesh Arora: Okay. So let me start with the second one first. We continue, and I know that sound a bit like a broken record on this, but on a very regular basis, we actually debated with our board. In our – our cash position is really a strategic asset to us given all of the innovation that's happening, and all of the options that are available to us. I mean it has been such, and you just take Motorola, which we just closed, I mean it was a real strategic asset to us to actually be able to pounce. So we haven't changed our position in terms of share repurchases or dividends or any of the others for a time being, which does not mean we don't evaluate. We do take a good look at it. We just think that it continuous to be a strategic asset for us, and so that's why we haven't changed our position yet. In the case of the talent, I think that the Valley continues to be hot, I mean it's a hotbed of innovation. There's a lot of need for that talent, especially the very high, the engineering front, and we're delighted by our strategy. I mean we continue to see really benchmark levels for our retention purposes, and we continue to attract the very best talent. So for us, it is an absolute strategic asset again for the company. I mean, Googlers, the engineers that are here in the salespeople and they've really make a huge difference to the velocity of the company. So the Valley has not change, it content despite everything else is going on in the world out there are. The Valley continues to be absolutely hot, and we’re still pleased to have seen our strategy pay out so well. So thanks for your question Scott. Very good question. Let's go to our next question please Jamie.
Nikesh Arora: Hi, Heather. Thank you for your question. Well, I think the good news is that we’re seeing phenomenal growth in the mobile queries across the board, whether it’s tablets, whether it’s mobile phones, whether it’s geographical or whether we are seeing phenomenal amounts of mobile queries across the board. I think as I said, mobile is right now where Search was in 1999. we had a situation where Susan’s team was doing phenomenal product innovation to keep driving more and more efficiency for the advertisers. we were working with advertisers to get them to get better landing pages, better sites, get them to understand truly the opportunities on the mobile space for example. You can make phone calls, so we have a product called Click-to-Call. Now the Search takes on a whole different meaning, because there’s a better conversion and people actually click and make phone calls. So we are seeing mobile CPCs are healthy and we expect them the long-term that they will continue to be healthy and sort of follow this trajectory that Search has followed, more inventory, more effectiveness, more ROI for the advertisers, better pricing in the market. In terms of your second question on Nexus 7, I think we have made tremendous amounts of headway in the content space that we have a lot, lot of content on Google Play. we are working very closely with the music industry, with Hollywood studios et cetera, to get more and more content on the platforms, so I think given that there are models out there where other people are offering content to the platforms. it is becoming to the standards that you can have the ability to offer content to the end user and we are making tremendous amounts of progress across the board.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah, I alluded to some of this in the prepared remarks. I think, as I said growth in the Americas and Asia has been steady this quarter. The U.S. and Canada have stayed strong, and as I mentioned, as you’ve said there have been some issues internationally. Southern Europe, we saw slide dip as we think it is hampered both by pure macro economic conditions and all ad industry concerns. Spain was a notable sort of lowlight or highlight depending on how you look at it in that conversation. On the other hand, performance accelerated for us in northern Europe driven by the UK and the UK has been a little depressed over the last few quarters. So it is finally coming back and sort of we are seeing strength there again. In terms of your question and on the sectors, I think travel has been strong pretty much across the board in the U.S. and the UK and around the world. Auto was strong in the U.S. for us, healthcare has been strong in the UK, and generally across the world, we've seen strong sort of performance both in finance and local, and we're seeing more and more sort of excitement and enthusiasm in sectors like CPG and entertainment given the shift to brand. But I’d say, this is the snapshot in time and these things change quarter-over-quarter.
Nikesh Arora: I think, I had the CPC (inaudible) on this quarter and you can’t have a good earnings call, if you don’t talk about CPC, so here we go. CPC is an important metric for us, but if you take that independently, it’s not necessarily a reflection of the fundamental health of our business. This quarter, I’d say the biggest impact on CPC was actually FX. We have four or five factors that impact CPC, but the biggest impact this quarter was FX. We have clearly an impact of mobile versus tablet versus desktop, we have an impact of emerging versus developed markets, and what’s happening from a macro economic point of view, that we’ve talked about, we have an impact on google.com versus network, so as you see the network playing a bigger role, it impacts CPC. And finally as quality changes, also impact CPC, but I’d say this quarter the impact has been felt because of FX, but from a positive perspective we see any time there was a change in CPC, which is more attractive for the advertiser that allows the advertiser get a bit of ROI, but for us it’s an opportunity for the advertising.
Nikesh Arora: Hi, thanks for the question. I think as I said, we are seeing phenomenal amount of growth in the mobile query space and it’s a consequence of more device, it’s a consequence of more adoption of tablets around the world. It's also comfortable with the devices and using them more often. So with the number of questions they asked on the AdMobs. so AdMobs just got completed in early June. So it’s a bit early to say, we're seeing acceleration. but generally, our performance throughout that integration has been very strong and we’ve effectively had a very, and what we’ve done about six months ago, as we took all of our sales efforts and we took our specialized mobile sales people, we had them trained all of our sales forces around the world. So that impact has even contributed more than just that integration part. but we think the integration is just going to turbocharge that effort and hopefully continue to help us drive mobile. and mobile is going to be here for a while. I think it’s a fact of life for us now. So we are mobile sort of becoming as core, as desktop search was, so we’re making sure that all of our sales people around the world are fully equipped and working with every advertiser, not just 1 million to make sure that people can see ROI in both mobile and desktop simultaneously.
Nikesh Arora: I think, hi this is Nikesh again Jason. thanks again for your question. And as I said, mobile is very, very important. I think it’s better to go back and think about what’s happening in the marketplace. We said we’re very committed to mobile; it’s evident in our commitment to Android in our ecosystem as well as Motorola acquisition. So we believe that mobile us very and very important critical to the future. Now, I know it seems a little complicated when you look at the different competitors, and how you talked about subsidies et cetera. We simplify that by focusing on, how do we provide the best experience to the user. Now providing the best experience to user, is effectively working really hard with Andy Rubin, Stephen Android making sure he is getting the best experience for the end-user and in that process he works with the best OEMs in the marketplace to make sure that the combination of hardware and software allows for the best experience to be delivered. I think, for us what's important as to get that experience delivered and we will work with whatever the industry models that are out there, either we work direct with operators, trying to make sure that happens behind the end-user and more often they’ll not be work with OEMs, to see how we can get the best agreed experience in the hands of the end-user. I think that's what we're going to focus on. So, I think that's quite declarative in terms of intention.
