Patrick Pichette: Thank you Nikesh. So, Jamie we’ll look for your instructions to open the lines and get on to the Q&A please.
Patrick Pichette: All right, so let me jump by the second one first, Compute Engine - most of our CapEx right now is really driven by data center construction and machines that are actually driving both the core businesses of Google and of course App Engine, but App Engine I wouldn’t describe as any of the core areas where we’re seeing a ton of growth, not that App Engine is not successful; it's just when you compare it to search or other elements that kind of use a lot more capacity. In the case of your first question, it's very clear that we don’t usually breakdown each of these geographies. But the fundamental trends are happening across the web, and in the same way. So all this issue of some markets are growing much faster which is the emerging markets, so you could see that -- you can infer that from our results obviously. Clearly there’s a shift between all those platforms whether it be Mobile, Tablet and Desktop again across the world, so you can infer that as well. Our sites versus network. The U.S. is a strong network area, everybody knows that and so, you can basically kind of from your own inference kind of pick and part these kind of elements, but they together move to actually really make the ecosystem vibrant and growing. And at the end of the day what you have to, just how did you say it? ROI’s don’t lie, Nikesh? So, I mean at the end of the day that’s what you’re pleased about. You’re pleased about great results for our users that get them exactly the right answer they’re looking for and great answers for advertisers. So, that’s how we actually you should think about it, Carlos. Thank you for your question. Let’s go to our next question, Jamie.
Patrick Pichette: So why don't I take the second one and then I'll let Nikesh talk about the PLA. Sales and marketing in Q4 was actually just really tied to the holiday season. We had great momentum of the Nexus 5 and the Chromecast. And so at that time of the year we decided when we have such winner products, we would actually support them in addition to a number of other areas where we actually invest. So very, very pleased with the performance of both of those as well as Chromebooks, which have been, if you look in the press, the feedback you get is number one, number two in so many markets. So very, very pleased of actually kind of making that investment in these core products. For the PLA, I'll turn it over to Nikesh.
Patrick Pichette: Well, the short answer is we believe that this is a great transaction where everybody wins. I think that Motorola will find in the mature handset a terrific partner and we'll provide scale and continued really momentum on what is now done very well, which is develop world-class product. In addition to that, Motorola – let's never forget right has really strengthened our Android ecosystem and done a terrific job on that. So I think that both from a perspective of the hardware itself in the handset area as well as for the core Android ecosystem, I think that it's a real win-win for everybody. In addition to that, right, as you know from the Nest acquisition and Glass and Wearables, we continue to innovate and we continue to be committed to the hardware in areas that are kind of enterprising, promising, new frontiers and that's where actually we're focusing on. So I think all in all, quite a great story. Thank you so much, Stephen, for your question. Let's go to our next question, Jamie.
Patrick Pichette: Thank you, Eric for your question. Jamie, let’s go to our next question please. Operator And we’ll go next to Gene Munster with Piper Jaffray.
Patrick Pichette: Let me jump in just sort of a very high level and Ross I think that the fundamental tenant is rather than to speak about mobile and only mobile. It’s really living with the user. And once you think through living with the user, supporting our users across all their day, whether it would be on a TV, whether it would be on a mobile phone, whether it would be on the desktop, whether it would be on with Google Glass wearables, that’s really the aim that we’re actually shooting for. And if on -- if it happens that on mobile they spend some of their time on apps, right, that’s just one portion of the puzzle. But when you’re looking for the question, the answer and actually getting you to the real assist across your day, not then just what the devices you’re on, what’s your question or what should we assist you. I think it’s the real question to answer and I think that’s a much broader and a much richer set of the opportunities for us rather than just to be cornered into one. So I kind of defend the premise of your argument, because I think it’s -- I mean our agenda is so much richer and so much more exciting for us, when you think about it in the way we just did it. So that’s the way to think about it. Thanks for your question nonetheless. Let’s go to our next question please, Jamie.
Patrick Pichette: So, I will jump on the first one. As I’ve reiterated many times before and we were with our Board yesterday at the Audit Committee reviewing this issue, and so it clearly -- the cash position of Google is seen as a strategic asset. It is an important asset to us both in terms of offensive and defensive, given the world in which we live in. And in that context, it's been reviewed regularly and we make sure that actually we get the best return for our investors on that asset as well. So, we have a real strategy for that as well. So, for now we have nothing else to announce on it but just to give comfort to our investors that we do take this issue seriously and it is reviewed on a regular basis by both ourselves, management, but also raised to the Board for the right answer. So, thanks for the question. Thanks for asking. It is always there. I'll turn it over to Nikesh for the second part of the question.
Patrick Pichette: Well, again, Heather, certainly the transaction with Motorola continues to support the ecosystem. So in that sense, right, I think that we have clear objectives of support. We've always had clear objectives to support all of our partners. And after this transaction, it's very clear that we'll continue to be kind of this impartial supporter of the entire ecosystem. As it relates to the detailed fragmentation, we've taken a number of steps. We've talked a lot about this already in the past. There is a number of steps taken to make sure that in fact there isn't fragmentation and I'll just encourage you to kind of circle back to both of what's written as well as circle back to the IR team for more of the details. But we've done a lot of progress already on this over the last kind of 18 months and a lot more to come. So thanks for your question. We have time for one more, so why don't we jump, Jamie, to the last question of the afternoon.
Patrick Pichette: Thanks for that. So, in closing, a couple of points. One is, welcome to 2014 everyone. Having closed down 2013, we're totally excited by this coming year. And just as Nikesh had said at the very beginning, thank you for the people in the financial community for your support as well as to our Googlers, partners, I mean the amazing people that make our job, Nikesh and my job so easy to be on this call because of their superstar performances across all of our products and our markets. So, again, congrats to the Googlers for a great 2013. With that, Jamie, I'll let you close the call.
Nikesh Arora: Yeah, sure. Look, I think as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, YouTube is one of our core advertising business, so both Search and YouTube are doing well for us around the world. It is part of a broader shift where we’re seeing brand marketers and if you saw us, as I said our strength this quarter was not just from retail or automotive also from CPG. And part of our ability to get CPG customers to come and advertise with us is our ability to convince them that brands can be built on the Internet and YouTube clearly is the key player in our brand story, vis-à-vis advertisers, because they still think visually -- they still video when they think brand advertising not just text ads. So I think YouTube is definitely a key part of our brand story, and it continues to do well. I think our teams around the world have sort of figured out how to pitch YouTube to large customers and customers are paying attention. So I think YouTube continues to do well in addition to our core Search business and people are seeing the value of YouTube vis-à-vis brands. In terms of the OCR tagging and our decision to do it internally versus externally I think look in the long-term what advertisers want is a third party to endorse various media. It's very hard for us to be a media owner to be the person providing measurement against our own media. At the same time we believe there is tremendous amount of development that can be done in the space of measurement where traditional measurement has been both sort of after the fact and also has been on the very limited set of parameters. We believe we as a team can not only increase the parameters that you can measure due to the digital world we also believe that you can look at different metrics simultaneously in the dynamic way and also create new metrics for the future. So our metrics efforts internally have been focused towards creating future metrics as well as more dynamic metrics as opposed to passive or legacy metrics. But that’s work that we continue to do. We continue to work with third party, parties outside including Nielsen and other players of the industry, because we believe that’s where the measurement industry needs to go, and eventually we have to work with them to get them to evolve with us in that direction. In terms of the early feedback on Nielsen OCR tagging, I think it's sort of like, it's table stakes you have to have Nielsen OCR or some metric that is common across various media in the market for you to be, for advertisers to be able to measure your effectiveness or your relevancies vis-à-vis somebody else. And so I think what we’ve done, this is just early table stakes which is sort of a comfort factor for advertisers, when they see that they can look at Nielsen OCR metrics vis-à-vis us and other people and get a sense that they are not spending their money in an unwise fashion, but I think there’s tremendous amounts of evolution and development that’s going to happen in this space.
Nikesh Arora: Thanks, Mark. This is Nikesh. In terms of your first question in the area of app install, yes, clearly it has become a larger market recently with this whole mobility factor where everybody is trying to get more and more mobile. We have solutions. We have always had solutions as part of our AdMob product as well as our AdSense products where advertisers can use those forms of advertising towards creating app installs. And we continue to work hard to see where else in our various portfolio of services we can introduce the idea of app install. So you'll hear more from us in that area in the future. But I think you're right. This is an opportunity and we continue to work hard towards making this opportunity real, not just with our existing products but also looking at other ways that we can keep driving this. In terms of your question around cookies and alternatives for cookies, I think it's fair to say that there is a lot of conversation around cookies, there is a lot of stuff going on in terms of how do we continue to evolve this area of technology and make sure that we give the users more control and also make sure that users have security in terms of what data gets transferred for them right and increase the transparency. So, our teams are working on this. There are some early concepts in our teams where they're trying to see how they can – we can evolve this notion in all three parameters that I mentioned. But I think it's too early to talk about what those precise solutions are likely to be.
Nikesh Arora: Thank you very much for those questions. I think – let me start with Google Wallet. I think the best way to think about what Google Wallet is trying to achieve is we're constantly trying to reduce the friction from somebody still doing a search to trying to actually acquire something. But then that is going from online to online, from online to mobile, from mobile to mobile or even online to offline like you referred to in your question at the end. So, the hope of our team is to make sure we reduce the friction and of course create a higher degree of security and comfort vis-à-vis the end user so they get a better experience. Now, Google Wallet is actually a team that is run by our commerce team, which works with Sridhar, who works with Larry. And I think the best way to think about is as people go more and more mobile, we're noticing a lot more people are spending time buying apps and digital content on their mobile devices and they end up signing for Google Wallet as part of their Google Play experience. So, we are seeing lot's more – lots and lots of users use those services. I leave it to you to infer how many Android users there are and how many Google Play users there are and what proportion of them as buying goods and services from us. So that gives you a sense of Google Wallet. It's definitely a number that we are very happy with and it continues to grow.
Nikesh Arora: Hi, Justin. Yes, to break your question down in terms of – there are two or three parts to your question. I think in terms of the growth in the rest of the world, effectively the growth we're seeing in the rest of the world is actually on our core search advertising business and it's across the board. It's across our various products. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've done a lot of work in Enhanced Campaigns and trying to drive solutions from a multi-screen perspective. What we're really seeing is not a particular screen or a particular format, it's actually something which is allowing advertisers to come in and say, hey, I'd like to acquire more customers, I'd like more people on my website, I'd like more people in my store. And effectively them spending money and us helping them optimize across multiple screens how that money should be effectively spent and them measuring the ROIs and saying, this is good, I need to spend more money in this space. So, it's not a particular change in our mobile platform or any other platform, it's actually really our move towards Enhanced Campaigns, which is helping us and the strength in our core business. Vis-à-vis product listing ads, we've talked about this a few quarters ago how we are moving from 10 blue links in certain categories to more entity-level results. And product listing ads is a prime example of how it's happening effectively. We are seeing adoption. As I mentioned, we've added eight more countries this quarter. So, this is part of a continued evolution and it is adding value to both our end users, shoppers as well as store retailers. So it's clearly giving us benefit, our users benefit and obviously more relevant results, allowing merchants to reach specific audiences.
Nikesh Arora: I think the best way to think about it is that what is happening is over time, people are looking – when they look on the Web, they look for more and more bite-sized [ph] answers and which was the genesis of why we believe that entry level search begins to make more and more sense whether it's in travel, whether it's in hotels, whether it's in product listings, people are looking for more specific answers. And as you get mobile, you want even more bite-sized answers so that people can get the information as quickly as they want. So that sort of is the genesis of product listing ads. If you take that to its logical conclusion, that is people declaring intent that they would like something and that gives you a sense and a signal that, okay, clearly if they're looking for something, they're more than likely wanting to buy it at some point in time. So, we see our role as trying to enable the entire ecosystem across the board of retailers both online and offline to be able to provide those goods and services directly to the end user as quickly as possible with the least amount of friction. And friction comes in their ability to find it. Friction comes in their ability once they've found it to buy it. That's why things like InstaBuy exist in Google Wallet where you can have instant purchasing capability. And then of course there is the notion of gratification or once you've bought it, I want it as quickly as I can get it. So, you can see that our product initiatives are sort of triangulated across all of these things whether it's PLAs in terms of your ability to find it, whether it's payment capabilities to try and close the loop or whether it's delivery, experiments where we see how can we get it to you as soon as possible. So it's more of an open system approach. To be fair where we can help the entire ecosystem and our various partners and you can see that our teams are working really hard towards enabling this vision, but it takes time and great execution.
Nikesh Arora: Hi, Gene. Yes of course. Actually it’s been an year since we started talking about enhanced campaigns. And we’re very happy with the progress. It’s fully embraced, it’s fully up and running across around the world. Our thousand and thousands of sales people around the world are trained. Our customers and advertising partners have understood that, that’s the way for them to go target audiences and users and really focus in ROI metrics. As we talked about, we will launch the notion of estimated total conversion, so we can look at -- let people think about it during the multi screen way, because more and more we’re seeing that people do not distinguish the activities they conduct in one screen. So earlier we said that people usually search in their desktop and in their mobile devices when they’re mobile, they do different things. But we’re noticing that across any screen you get a sense of pretty much the same activity that happens, which means that advertiser should be somewhat agnostic on where they’re able to reach the user, they should want to reach the user wherever they’re. So our thesis has been proven right. Advertisers are embracing it, users are exhibiting those behavioral patterns, so it’s provided honestly tremendous amounts of efficiency in our ability because we don’t need specialist in various screens, various technologies to kind of work with advertisers. We can have one team work with this product which our product teams have created, which makes it very, very simple and people can look at the ROIs again from spending money with us or individual economy as opposed to having to break it down in silos that doesn’t need to happen. So it’s been very successful. We are happy with it. It’s in its full stride and the effects that you don’t see is the effects we see internally in the amount of efficiency and clarity and our ability to work with advertisers and then being able to measure their ROI effectively.
Nikesh Arora: I think the way to think about it is that if you haven’t done something like this, our lives should have been extremely complex and you might have seen us de-accelerate because we would have get -- gotten sort of tripped up in our own floating. And we wouldn’t want to do that because we’d have to explain why one screen works better than the other screen, how is the ROI from one compared to the other. And you create an artificial differentiation or distinction which doesn’t need to exist because at the end it’ about users, advertisers and publishers.
Nikesh Arora: Let me answer two different parts of it. First is, in terms of your question on local monetization. So, I think we’re clearly experimenting with new ad formats in Google Maps. But I think there is a broader way of thinking about local. It’s not just about app, it’s about location. And as the world begins to interact across multiple screens, you begin to look at location in a whole different way because you’ve a better understanding of where users are and how you can use that as a filter to provide them more precise information and hopefully, much more relevant advertising, which requires both ends of the spectrum. It requires us to understand the users’ location, but also requires the advertisers to make sure they give us the location of where their services are best utilized. So we need location extensions from advertisers, we need locations from users, and we have to be able to marry them across not just Google Maps, but all across pretty much every experience that we’ve, whether it’s search, whether it’s anything, whether it’s YouTube, whatever service that the end-user is using, we’ve to be able to localize it, because location is a great filter and allows us to make things more relevant both from advertising and from an organic perspective. In terms of YouTube, I think we are very happy with the growth that YouTube is having and has had both from a user perspective as well as content provider perspective and as well as from monetization perspective. In terms of content providers, we talk to content providers, large and small across the entire spectrum, because we want you to use the platform where creators of any size can build an audience. They can build an audience of scale; fans can find the content that they want. It’s hard to comment on a particular piece of content because it starts a whole season of conversations. But we’d welcome any content on YouTube as long as people felt that it would add value to the end users and as long as there is a right economic model associated with it.
Nikesh Arora: Thanks, Mark. Sorry, this is Kevin. Sorry. Thanks, Kevin. Kevin, as I mentioned earlier, we had a long spirited answer on measurement. We’re seeing measurement as, table stakes for brand advertisers because they want to understand what is the return of their brand spend. Now it’s easier in performance advertising because you can see the number of clicks you get in your website or you can measure the number of people who walk into your store. On brand it’s a different metrics. We want to actually try and understand how many people were you able to reach of a certain age, certain gender and that’s what Nielsen OCR allows you to do. It allows you to compare it across the various brand media. So its sort of access table stakes and as I said earlier, it is the early set of metrics that are sort of basic entry metrics into this space. But we hope that this market is going to evolve from a measurement perspective over the coming quarters and coming years where we can have more sophisticated metrics and metrics that actually allow you to see the impact of this advertising on your brand.
Nikesh Arora: Thanks, Patrick. Thanks, Richard. Let's see – yes, I guess your point, yes, there are other people who are beginning to absorb some amounts of digital ad spend. I think the $15.7 billion for this quarter was a majority of this being advertising, I still think we have a substantial advertising spend coming into us. But again, from a longer term perspective, I think every piece of advertising becomes digital. So, we're still at single – I think at low double digit numbers in terms of how much ad spend is digital versus non-digital. So we need more people in the digital space getting more and more advertising to shift from what we call traditional old media. I think over time television becomes digital, I think every piece of advertising becomes digital because this provides so much efficiency from a measurement perspective and a targeting perspective to take out a lot of waste out of the system. So, with that in mind, I think we're still in the very early days of how much advertising is going to move over to digital media. And I think you're right to identify that, places like Google+, places like YouTube are still very, very sort of in their infancy in the amount of advertising they can support vis-à-vis the amount of usage we're getting. So we continue to work hard. We have to strike the right balance between user services, end user service and the amount of advertising we have presented them, because this continues to be sort of evolving space and what you don't want to do is you don't want to overrun users with tremendous amounts of advertising, because that maybe good in the short term but creates a bad experience with users in the long term. So, you will notice that many of our products still do not have tremendous amounts of advertising because we still believe those products are evolving and the right form of advertising just hasn't been invented for those particular areas. So, we remain hopeful in the long term for finding more and more ways of enabling advertising for users. And for sure, perhaps some of the products may not lend themselves to advertising and users will prefer to pay for an ad-less product as it relates to certain areas like applications or digital content, et cetera. So, those models also exist out there. So I think there is tremendous amounts of scope in the future and I think you have rightly identified some of the areas where we should be concentrating.
Nikesh Arora: Thank you, Colin, for your question. I'm still trying to parse your question. Look, I think we've done really well from an enterprise perspective. We are steadily growing revenues on our traditional Google apps business. Outside of that on the platform service, the Google Compute Engine, Google App Engine stuff, we continue to make progress. I think we should – we have more room to work harder over there. We understand there are other players out there, but again that is such an early, early stage in that market. We think over the long term, almost every business out there, existing and new, has to be on a cloud platform, has to be on a large scale industrial strength infrastructure platform and there is still few players out there and there's lots and lots of room. So I'm not sure if price is the current factor on which people need to make a decision. People will make a decision based on robustness, based on security, based on availability, based on the breadth of services we can offer in that platform and I just think its early days. So, we should be working on all those things and you should be hearing more from us in the future.
