Patrick Pichette: Thank you, Omid. Before we turn to Jamie for Q&A, I was highlighted by the team here that, I actually had a slip, I said Nexus 7 instead of Nexus 6. And although the Nexus 7 is still a great device, what I really meant in my comments was to talk about the Nexus 6, which is this amazing device that we have launched with the Lollipop launch. So with that, I’ll turn it to Jamie, and we’ll go to Q&A. Jamie, if you can give the instructions please.
Patrick Pichette: Okay. So let’s take them in - each in step. On the issue of hiring, you will notice that relative to last quarter also, which is our third quarter is typically a big quarter, because we get the influx of the hires we do at colleges and otherwise. We actually decelerated from the third quarter as well. What we are managing for is, we just have a very high bar for hiring, if you can pass the bar, then we hire you. We also have capacity constraints on leadership, because there is a natural kind of number that you can kind of absorb within the culture of Google, it’s really important not to lose that culture and to have a velocity, to have traction. So there is no sense bringing 5,000 people that we couldn’t kind of bring into the teams and really make them perform it. So what we manage on the hiring is, we have our plans, and so we have a rate of targets of hires per each of the pals and the areas of the company. And then from there, the next hurdle is really about, can we find these people? And then finally, just making sure that we keep this kind of balance of bringing at a reasonable rate, so that we can actually absorb them in the company without losing the velocity and the culture of the place. So it’s actually a pretty complex puzzle, but we are managing it, it’s never perfect, but we are managing it, to the best we can. So that’s the first question. On the issue of margins, look, we have different, if you think of the businesses in Google, we are looking for growth, we are looking for growth in revenue, we are looking for growth in operating profits absolute dollars, and we are looking for great returns on investment. That’s the puzzle we solve for. So you have an advertising business that may have higher margins, lower capital intensity, than say, another business, which maybe Play, which has much lower margins, great prospect for growth with very large pools of revenue and margins available and we go after them for sure. You have Fiber right, and in the access, which is a completely different kind of capital intensity. But, again, the question is, does it promise, or does it have a case for large dollars operating profit delivery and high revenue and then a decent return on capital, that’s how we manage it. And to kind of say, okay, well, we have what we have today, but if Play could grow at, just to take the case, ten times faster than it is doing right now, right, it would impact margin, because on the weighted average basis, it would drag it down, but we love it. We love to be able to grow Play ten times faster than we are today. So that’s how we think of the puzzle. We manage them each individually for their potential, their returns, we all look for these big margin pools and these big revenue pools, and then we just allocate our capital to make sure that it’s balanced across these initiatives for maximum velocity. That’s the way we think about it, Carlos.
Patrick Pichette: So, why don’t I take the last question first and then the first question. The last question is, you’ve all heard the announcements about Mozilla. And so when we don’t comment on the details of any of our partnerships that we have. Having said that, we continue to do two things that really matter. One is our users continue to actually go in, if they love Google, they will continue to find Google, whichever platform, whichever browser, and that’s really what we’ve focused on doing. And then the second piece is the way to win this in the long-term, right, it’s very simple. You just make wonderful products. And when you make wonderful products that are magical people will find them. And so that’s the strategy that we’re using and we just don’t comment on any of our - we’ve never commented on any of our deals, so we want comment on Mozilla either. And then, for your first question, Anthony, I mean, again I can’t - I just can reiterate the same message that I give on a regular basis, which is share price does matter. It matters to our board. It matters to all of us. We’re all shareholders in the company. And we do review this issue on a regular basis. We review it again responsibly with the Audit Committee, with the board. And I just have nothing to announce today.
Patrick Pichette: Thank you. On the issue of FX, I think that the most important point to think about in Q4 is - I mean it was material. As I said, it was like on a gross basis over $600 million. You’ve all seen the deterioration of the euro, the GDP, the yen, I mean it’s versus the U.S. dollar. The one thing I would just note from our results in Q4, I mentioned this in the past that, our FX rates are set at Google a month in arrears. So in last week of November we would have set our FX rate for December. So interestingly, the December rates we’ll set January. And you’ve seen already in December a continued kind of nose dive in certain areas, especially the euro, and the yen. So, all I can say is for all the information we have right now is, that’s not going away. And I think that everybody should be kind of considering it. On the flipside of that, I just want to kind of reinforce the fact that our FX hedging program continues to do exactly what it’s supposed to do, which is in a low volatility environment we buy insurance. And in moments where we have such shocks like we’re having right now, we did get a lot of benefit out of this hedging program and just as a remainder we hedge profits, right? We don’t hedge revenue. It just happens that we book the profits to revenue, because of the accounting rules. And so we’ve seen in Q4 approximately $150 million of hedge benefits, which is actually quite a substantial amount on the total $600 million and we’ll continue to have hedge benefits through the course of the year to a certain extent. So I think that from that perspective, right, real hit in December additional, but in a good position from our hedge FX program.
Patrick Pichette: Ross, let me - it’s Patrick, let me jump in on the first question then I’ll let Omid answer the second. On the first one, all I wanted to highlight to our investors, shareholders and community at large is, as I said, 2014 was a year of significant investment growth. I mean, we see real potential in so many areas that are exciting to us and where we see great momentum. That - what I wanted to make sure is that, our investors continue to understand that we will push for growth, but in a disciplined manner. And if things don’t materialize in the way that you don’t hit your hurdles, you don’t hit your timing, right, we are actually disciplined to make sure that we don’t have expenses ahead of the curve and we continue to monitor it quite closely. So in that sense if we see conditions change, it’s really important that you have the confidence that when we manage these investments we do it in the prudent manner, right, optimistic, but there’s always a dose of circumspection to make sure that you get the best bang for your buck in these roll-outs. And that’s what I really want to kind of communicate and signal to the Street, which is, it’s a balance. It’s always about a balance but given our situation, given all of the results that we’ve had, I mean, 18% year-over-year growth, in our sites if you just look at the sites, which is the core of the business growing 18% year-over-year, despite all the FX headwinds, right? It just tells you, look, this is a license to continue to invest smartly in the way we do, but I just want to kind of reaffirm to you that we do it in smart way and a discipline manner. We’re driving forward make sure we don’t waste our shareholders money. So with that, I’ll turn it over to Omid to answer the first question, please.
Patrick Pichette: So, on the second question, thank you for your questions, Ben. And on the second question that you’ve asked, right, there is a lot of speculation out there. And if we had to answer off every speculation on Google’s part, what’s going on, I mean, we just would be - my PR team would be really busy. So we just won’t comment on any speculative news. On the first question, on return on capital, absolutely, I mean, we have right now a mix of, kind of, roughly 60-40 between our U.S. 40, international 60 of our cash. We have good use for our cash in both places. But if, in fact, we had a lot more flexibility about repatriating cash, that would make a big difference in the way that we think about it and or, at least, we’d take it in consideration for sure in our dialogue with the board. And so it’s clearly one element, that’s part of the puzzle that we would take in consideration. So if there is anything you can do to get that thing through Congress, Ben, we would really love it and just let us know when that happens.
Patrick Pichette: Thank you, Justin. We’ll have - do we have time - couple of more questions, okay. So, Jamie, let’s go to our next question, please.
Patrick Pichette: So on the first question, why don’t I jump in and then I’ll let Omid talk about Q2. Look, as I mentioned just a minute ago, if you look at the sites CPCs, we purposefully actually don’t point to one item, like I think, it would be tempting to just say, okay, so it’s all FX this quarter, because geography has a big impact. As I mentioned right, the different properties on our sites, YouTube has an impact as well in the sense that’s it’s growing and it’s growing in emerging markets, as well as in its core more developed markets. I purposefully made the case that’s important to note that, on the mobile side, I think, we see continued strength in mobile. And so from that perspective, it’s always trying to catch-up to the desktop, which itself as always improving, but we see positive trend there. So it is the mix of all these factors and we don’t give down all of the details on a quarter-by-quarter basis, because they just move all over the place. So that’s the answer for that one, Mark. Sorry, that’s not Mark. And then, I’ll let Omid answer the question on YouTube.
Patrick Pichette: Thank you so much, Mark. Jamie, we’re going to take one more question, so if you can turn it on, please.
Patrick Pichette: That’s okay, Mark. No problem. So I’ll take the second question, and then I’ll flip it over to Omid to answer the Wallet one. So on the issue of partnerships, Google has a lot of partnerships, right, it’s got - it’s an anchor of our strategy, because that actually gives us distribution, distribution is good. And so we also we look for partnerships in many spaces. Partnerships have to be win-wins, and in that sense, right, we’ll always look for those combinations. But also at the end of the day, there’s a second piece of the strategy, which is, as I said earlier, building amazing product, because if you build the amazing products then people want to distribute you product. And so that’s why, we have a meet in the whole search team that actually do this amazing job through the knowledge graph and all of the other elements of search, and no matter what the device, no matter the location, no matter the time of day. If we give you the answer as you’re looking for and 10 clicks less than it was before and then even faster and better all the time, that’s what wins, and that’s the core of what we’re focused on, and then people will find the way to get the Google. So, yes, partnerships matter. But at the core of it, you need partnership, because you have a phenomenal product. And that’s what we’re going to continue to build this amazing company. So I’ll let with that Omid talk about our developments for digital payments.
Patrick Pichette: Thank you so much for your question, Mark. Omid, I need to thank you. I mean, you’re at the other end of the world and staying late for us, I think, I just can’t thank you enough for all of your support over…
Patrick Pichette: For all of you thank you again for your support in 2014. Welcome to 2015, and I couldn’t stop without thanking again all of our partners, our users, and lastly, our employees, all Googlers around the world that make this magic happen every day, couldn’t do it without you, so thank you again. And Jamie, I’ll let you close the call on this.
Omid Kordestani: Sure. Thanks, Eric for the question. The way we look at this, as I said, we look at mobile and as a behavior today really as - versus a specific device. And people are using screen interchangeably, simultaneously throughout the day. And we really think about the user and the context rather than a particular form factor or device. And similarly in terms of the pricing model here, what we are focused on really building this ecosystem just the way desktop took a long time to develop and have the right ad formats that really took advantage that the platform had to offer. We’re looking at this the same way. We are developing different kinds of formats, working with marketers on mobile, estimated store visits, app install, app re-engagement ads and cross device conversions. And we really feel good about the traction we’re having and our sales team and advertiser agencies partners are working with us making rapid progress here. So unfortunate, I can disclose any specific breakdowns, but I can just say that we are very focus on all aspects of this just as we evolve to desktop we’re doing the same in this world. On to you, Patrick.
Omid Kordestani: Yes. Thanks, Ross. So as I said in my opening remarks that 15% of signed-in users’ searches on Android now return deep links to app. The way we are focused on this is that we have opened up app indexing to all Android developers, so their apps can appear in searches, also linking directly to the right content in the apps. And it really becomes the job between the developers trying to understand intent and how obviously our research works and determining the best results to provide, including the deep links. We offer this deep linking and search ads as well. Booking.com use Google Search Ads to drive installs and reengagement via deep linking for their mobile approximately, and we are seeing more and more adoption like this by our advertisers. So, obviously, it’s an area we are going to continue making progress on, we are very pleased to the traction we are having and how mobile monetization is performing. Thank you.
Omid Kordestani: Yes, on Shopping and commerce in general, then I’ll talk on payments, really our focus is building products that turn consumers’ shopping intents into actions, quickly, easily and enabling businesses to connect and retain these customers. On payments, the goal is really to remove all the friction that one encounters now in the shopping experience. And what we’re really working on here is, move beyond just tap and pay and have a full functional payment system. Today, users can send to money to friends through Gmail using their wallet app and also just made this functionality available in the UK. Loyalty, gift cards can be stored on the Wallet app to buy with Google button makes it possible for users to purchase with two clicks. So we really are focused on building a rich offering here to make it easier to shop and pay and remove the friction. Thank you, Doug.
Omid Kordestani: Yes, I’ll start and then we can add more context if you have more color you need, Justin. So in terms of product listing at PLAs, it’s very successful products and we are really pleased with its performance, advertisers are very pleased with it. And we also have local inventory apps that enable merchants to show customers this information in the U.S., UK, France, Germany, Japan, and Australia, and obviously we are going to continue to expand that. As I said in my remarks, we added estimated store visits in December, and it’s been one year since we launched estimated total conversions. And just to give you some anecdotes with customers, PetSmart saw 10% to 18% of clicks on search Ads led to store visits and they’re now investing more in Ads to reach customers across multiple screens, Famous Footwear nationwide chain have 1,100 stores. They found that 15% to 17% of the clicks on Ads resulted in store visits, and they were able to mix up the products that they promote and there is in-store merchandising strategies by region. So it’s - for us it’s early to think about the impact of revenue, but we really expect these suite of products to continue to help the advertisers measure at a full value of their online spending and work with us to enhance those. In terms of specific search numbers, we don’t really break that down, and provide any more data on that. Thank you for your question.
Omid Kordestani: Sure. So first of all, in general, just to give you sense of this, as you said, I’ve come back in, I just spent a lot of time CES, here in Europe spending time with customers as well. And there is just tremendous excitement about YouTube, and over 1 billion people come to the service every month and YouTube mobile revenue is up more than 100% year-to-year. And what we’re really after here is finding the click for brand, GRP brand list, other metrics, and advertisers are already running brand list studies about 6,000 of them have done this with that - already with us. And what’s really unique about this service is the velocity that the creators enjoy to create and deliver content to a worldwide audience, and our investments in the service and the creators just continue to pay back for us. So I know based on my meetings, I spent a lot of time with consumer goods companies at CES with major agencies there. Everybody just wants to do more. There are a lot of success stories the way they engage with us. And for us the challenge frankly is to structure our sales organization, hire the right people to go deeper with these customers with our agencies. And so you’ll just see a lot of success and emphasis from us as we go after the branding dollars.
Omid Kordestani: Hi, Mark, I already addressed this a little earlier, but - so I’ll summarize it again. But we’re really after removing the friction here in all the products to improve commerce and make the experience for our users seamless here. And there’s really two areas we’re focused on; one is really building a full functional payment system that just is beyond tap and pay. So I mentioned that earlier using Gmail and the Wallet App to send money to friends, loyalty and gift cards and buying with Google button with a press of two clicks. So and we just - the NFC devices are available, and we are really getting closer and closer to broader merchandise option. And so you’ll see us emphasizing that through the devices that we are supporting out there, as well as the payment services and commerce services that we provide. So I think, you will see a lot of progress here as we - as I said try to remove the friction here.
Omid Kordestani: It’s my pleasure. We’re excited about the year ahead and looking forward to future updates with this group of people. Thank you.
