Nicole Giandinoto: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' first quarter 2018 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO; and Chuck Serianni, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our performance. I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If, in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or rerecording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is May 2, 2018. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables, and the discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. Also included in our press release are unaudited supplemental schedules that include a pro forma view of 2017 revenue and cost as we adopted the new revenue recognition standard as of January 1, 2017. During today's call, all references to changes versus the prior year are based on the 2017 pro forma figures, which are comparable to our 2018 results. Finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When events are scheduled, the dates, times and presentations are posted on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Nicole Giandinoto: Yeah. Hi, Noah. This is Nicole. So, when you look at the supplemental schedules – and you kind of cut out a little bit, so hopefully I'm asking you a question. When you look at the revenue dollars, there wasn't a significant decrease in that because, if you recall, this time last year, we didn't have ReCommunity. So that kind of offsetting some of the decline in RSG legacy recycling commodity revenue. When you go to kind of the components of internal growth in there you refer to the 1.3% decline, again, that is more of a same-store legacy Republic Services. The impact of ReCommunity is down in the acquisition line.
Nicole Giandinoto: Hamzah, just to clarify, 27% for the remainder of the year. So, the full year average would be closer to 26%. Just to clarify. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Charles F. Serianni: Thanks, Don. First quarter revenue was approximately $2.4 billion, an increase of $129 million or 5.6% over the prior year. The increase in revenue includes internal growth of 3.8% and acquisitions of 1.8%. The components of internal growth are as follows. First, average yield increased 2.2% and was in line with our expectations. Average yield in the collection business was 2.4% which includes 2.6% in the small-container business, 2.6% in the large-container business and 2.1% in the residential business. Average yield in the post collection business was 1.7% which includes landfill MSW of 2.2%. A majority of our third-party landfill MSW business is with municipal customers that have contracts containing pricing restrictions. Total core price, which measures price increases less rollbacks, was 3.8%. Core price consisted of 4.6% in the open market and 2.5% in the restricted portion of our business. The second component of internal growth is total volume which increased 2% over the prior year. Volumes increased 1.9% in our large container business and as expected were essentially flat in our small container business. Small container volumes included the 90 basis point impact from intentionally shedding certain work performed on behalf of brokers which we view as non-regrettable. Excluding these losses, small container volumes would've increased 80 basis points. Volumes decreased 2.7% in the residential business. The decrease was expected and resulted from not renewing certain contracts that fell below our return criteria. The post collection business, made up of third-party landfill and transfer station volumes, increased 11.1%. Landfill volume increased 12.7% which included C&D of 5.7% and special waste of 35.9%. The strong growth in special waste exceeded our expectations and was due to a large project completed during the quarter. MSW volumes decrease 1.1% versus the prior year. The third component of internal growth is fuel recovery fees which increased 50 basis points. The increase relates to a rise in the cost of fuel. The average price per gallon of diesel increased to $3.02 in the first quarter from $2.57 in the prior year, an increase of 18%. The current average diesel price is $3.16 per gallon. The increase in the cost of diesel was partially offset by CNG tax credits. The credits contributed $0.04 to EPS and included a $0.03 benefit in cost of operations and a $0.01 benefit in the tax provision. The next component, energy services revenue, increased 40 basis points. The growth in energy services revenue is primarily due to increase in drilling activity in the Permian Basin where we continue to be well-positioned. And the final component of internal growth is commodity revenue which decreased 1.3%. The decrease in commodity sales revenue primarily relates to a decrease in recycled commodity prices. Excluding glass and organics, average commodity prices decreased 31% to $112 per ton in the first quarter from $162 per ton in the prior year. Now, I'll discuss changes in margin. In the first quarter, adjusted EBITDA margin increased 30 basis points to 28.8% versus 28.5% in the prior year. This included 140 basis points of expansion from the solid waste business and 50 basis points of expansion from the CNG tax credit, partially offset by 160 basis point headwind from recycling. As a reminder, the 30 basis points of margin expansion does not include the benefit from adopting the new revenue accounting standard in 2018. First quarter 2018 interest expense was $95 million, which included $11 million of non-cash amortization. Our adjusted effective tax rate was 23.5% and was lower than expected due to the CNG tax credit and unanticipated federal and state tax refunds. The refunds provided an approximate $0.02 benefit to EPS. Adjusted EPS was $0.74, an increase of $0.19 or 35% over the prior-year. EPS included a $0.12 benefit from tax reform. Excluding the benefit from tax reform, EPS increased 13% versus the prior-year. First quarter adjusted free cash flow was $356 million, an increase of 48% versus the prior year. The growth in free cash flow was due to strong growth in EBITDA and a favorable benefit from the timing of working capital and CapEx. Next, we returned $350 million of cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. This included 3.5 million shares repurchased for approximately $236 million. And, finally, as Don mentioned earlier, we remain comfortable with our full year 2018 EPS and free cash flow guidance, given our first quarter results, the underlying strength of our solid waste business, and our ability to continue to effectively manage our costs. Now I will turn the call back to Don.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah, sure. For the quarter, average price was $112 a ton. What we saw in April was closer to $105. And as we go forward, we think that the average would be closer to $115. So, Corey, to your point, we're able to more than offset the headwind associated with commodities in Q1. And right now, we're estimating that we're going to be able to do the same thing for the rest of the year with commodities at $115 a ton, that being a little bit of a headwind for us based upon our original guide, but being able to offset that through continued outperformance in the solid waste business.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. That's right, Michael. Yeah. On average, $115 the remainder of the year. Your math is right, it's about $0.08. And we feel like we can make that up through the outperformance in the solid waste business.
Charles F. Serianni: Yes. So first quarter volume – yeah, Michael, first quarter volume was very strong because of special waste. And obviously we'll take that into consideration when we do a broader update of guidance as we always do in Q2.
Charles F. Serianni: So, what we talk about is there being a 90% correlation to our volume growth, overall, to our company, in single-family housing starts, when you lag single-family housing starts by one year since we're late cycle, obviously. So as we look at single-family housing starts, the print for March was 1.3 million units on an annual basis. So it's been increasing slowly over time based on the experts that we talk to. We think there's nothing that will prevent us in getting back to a longer-term average of close to 1.4 million, 1.5 million units. There's also been a number of articles written recently that say that there is actually a lack of supply of new single-family housing throughout the United States. And they estimated that to be an additional 7.3 million units. So all of that in combination we would say that back to Don's point that there's still plenty of room to run here in this economy.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So we've had a tremendous growth in special waste over the course of the last several quarters, close to a year now. To grow on top of 30% type of growth year-over-year is really hard for us to do. Like you had mentioned we had a really strong special waste job that occurred during the quarter that ended now. Looking forward, we still see some growth there. But I can't – to grow 30% on top of 30% is difficult to do. But what it does speak to though, right, this event work, it's a precursor to single-family housing starts and to development in general. So that's another indication that we think that the economy still has room to run.
Charles F. Serianni: Yes. So a couple of questions there, the first one being the working capital. We think that that is timing and that will end up reversing kind of evenly throughout the rest of the year. Not really a permanent benefit, but more of a timing benefit. To your point on the capping in closure/post-closure, that tends to be lumpy. Obviously, we don't cap until we need to, right. And so that will depend upon when we need to do the capping and also the weather to a certain extent. So it does tend to be a little lumpy, but we don't expect there to be a significant change in that cash expenditure year-over-year.
Charles F. Serianni: Yes. So the weather ended up being a little bit of an offset. We had a lot of rain on the West Coast last year. And this year, we had a little bit of weather as you're aware on the East Coast. So, it tended to offset. So, we didn't see a real significant impact in the business overall this quarter because of weather.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. The business that we're shedding both on the small-container side and on the residential side...
Charles F. Serianni: ...that's business that's regrettable. I mean it's non-regrettable that we're shedding that business. That's because it's at lower margins. So, part of the reason why we're doing that is because we didn't feel like we were getting an appropriate return on our investment. And what we've always said is that we're very much focused in on ROIC. So, obviously, shedding that work and then deploying those assets in other pieces of business that provide us with a better return obviously will help us enhance our margins.
Charles F. Serianni: If you remember that was part of the budget reconciliation package that came out a couple of days after our earnings call.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. That's what absorbed the recycling during the period. Keep in mind we had about a $0.06 headwind from recycling during the period. So, we had about $0.04 of a benefit from CNG, and then another $0.02 benefit from the tax refunds that I've talked about. So, that's what offset the recycling.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah, right. So, solid waste up 140 basis points. The CNG tax credit, as I have mentioned, was about 50 basis points. And then recycling operations, that was a negative, a headwind of 160 basis points. So, the net of all of that is the 30 basis points that we called out.
Charles F. Serianni: No. No. Not necessarily. So what we saw in the first quarter was a little bit of a spike in our transportation subcontract costs because of business mix. So there is a little bit higher national accounts subcontract work that was performed that was in the mix and just a mix of the business kind of in general and we're not necessarily saying that that's a trend that's going to continue.
Charles F. Serianni: As Don mentioned before, it's small relative to the rest of the business. But, incrementally, as we continue to do this over time, it is going to improve our margins.
Charles F. Serianni: That was part of the budget reconciliation package that came out a couple of days after we had already had our earnings call. Correct.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So it was 110-basis-point impact from the revenue recognition change. So I'm not really sure why that would be different than what you had in your models.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, Chuck. To conclude, we are very pleased with our first quarter performance. Strong solid waste fundamentals, together with relentless operational execution, resulted in double-digit growth in both earnings and free cash flow. This performance keeps us well-positioned to achieve our full year goals. Before opening the call to questions, I would like to congratulate Republic team for being named to the first annual Barron's 100 Most Sustainable Companies list and recognized by Ethisphere as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies for the second year in a row. These awards serve as external validation of strong ethical culture that we are building at Republic, which includes conducting our business with the highest levels of integrity and developing sustainable business practices to enhance long-term value creation. At this time, operator, we're going to open the call to questions.
Donald W. Slager: Good question, Hamzah. There's a couple of things. One, CPI is on the rise, right? So, CPI has been (15:01) the last few years. As you know, we've been kind of punished by this compounding headwind of low CPI on that big $2.5 billion book of business. So, two things are happening there. One, as I said in my notes, we've got about $570 million of that $2.5 billion now converted to an alternate index or a fixed rate increase of 3% or greater. So, that's happening. You're seeing that layer into the business now, so you'll continue to see the year-over-year benefit of that. And we're going to continue to go for more as you've seen every quarter we've improved that number. Second, CPI is on the rise. I mean people are now expecting, what, 2.5% CPI for the year. So, as we get into the second half of the year we'll see some of those contracts that are still tied to CPI start to roll over at a higher price. So that's great. The open market has been a very good place for pricing for us now for a number of quarters. We exited the year real strong. That's continuing now in the beginning part of the year. We think that's holding up fine. And, frankly, historically, as CPI rises, open market pricing stays strong and frankly improves. So that's a pretty good sign. Lastly, landfill pricing is still a little weak, frankly. I would have expected the landfill pricing would have rose a little faster than maybe it had. Because, again, just the high cost of landfills today, the higher cost of leachate, some of the costs that we're seeing in the business we need to revisiting our landfill prices and see what we can do there, starting to have those conversations with our municipal customers. Again, most of our third-party volume in the landfills comes through municipal customers. And, again, they're tied to these long-term contracts that have been again subject to that lower CPI environment. So as we're having renewal discussions with those customers, we're introducing some of these higher cost that we're facing. So we'd like to expect over the longer-term a better pricing there. But, overall, we're seeing pricing across the board. Again, we've got good tools. We use our Capture tool. All of our salespeople are equipped with their tablets. They're all using the system properly. Frankly, pricing churn continue to be a great story for us. It's actually come down a little bit this quarter. We're seeing a lower defection. So that's helping to drive price and kind of all systems go. There's still some room to run here. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Okay. Great. And just a follow-up question on just acquisitions. You mentioned $79 million year-to-date investment. You still have a target of $100 million to $150 million. But at the same time, the industry seems very bullish on M&A. Some of your competitors have closed significantly above their target in terms of deal flow. Is there anything you would sort of comment on in terms of RSG's focus is more return of cash or maybe there's antitrust issues in doing larger deals? Any kind of color you want to share on acquisitions and how you think about those.
Donald W. Slager: Well, sure. I would start off by saying that the pipeline is still robust. We're seeing a lot of deal flow. We're getting a look at a lot of good, high-quality companies. The majority of the companies we're buying tend to be smaller. So the multiples we're paying are still in that 4.5 to kind of 5.5 range, very comfortable multiples. When we buy something a little bit bigger, the multiples get a little higher. You start buying more real property, infrastructure, permits, things that you have to spend a little bit more money for. I think the activity we've seen out there, I think, maybe some of the other companies have made some bigger purchases than we have this year. I would tell you that we were in the hunt on a couple of those, so we're well aware of them. But maybe it was a better fit for somebody else in their market. So they were willing to pay a bit more than we were, just because it fit their system better or maybe they needed something more than we did. As I always say, there tends to be natural buyer in these deals. And when we're the natural buyer, and we've got relationships and it fits our business, we think we can get good deals at the right multiples. So we're very focused on returns. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Okay. Great. Thank you.
Donald W. Slager: Yes. So I'm going to give you some color and then I'll let Chuck give you a little more on the numbers side. We've been saying, I think, a lot of people writing that April really was expected to be sort of the floor – the bottom this year. That's proving out to be true. As I said in my comments over these last couple weeks, we've seen price start to bounce. The reality is the inventories in China are very low. We actually mentioned this last week when we spoke at WasteExpo. Our team went over to China a few weeks back and met with our mills there. Normally, they have about 30 to 60 days of material inventory. They were sitting at about 10 days of inventory. Normally, they have a fair amount of inventory in-transit, in ocean-going vessels from port-to-port. There's very little if any in-transit. So, this is very sort of what I would call sort of simple ECON 101, supply and demand economics. At some point, they need to make paper. And they're buying a lot of raw pulp. They're paying eight times what they used to pay. So, we think that's the reason that prices are starting to come up. Chuck can give you kind of a color of where we were at the beginning the year, where we were in April and where we think the year heads up for us.
Donald W. Slager: Yes. So if we take out what we call non-regrettable losses, right, our volume would have been 100...
Donald W. Slager: ...110 basis points, so kind of in line with our expectations. As it relates specifically to broker, by the end of the year we'll have maybe only $100 million or so left of broker business to shed. That's a little lumpy if it happens. But we're cutting through it and again by the end of the year we'll be – I was saying year of the end. But that will probably happen – that last little bit will probably happen over two or three years.
Donald W. Slager: But where you're going with that, right? Volume is good. I would say it's strong. We're seeing strong volume in C&D landfill. We're seeing strong volume in large-container. We're seeing strong volume in temp, good housing market. I mentioned we're seeing lower customer defection, right? Our customer defection actually fell below 7% for the first time in our history, okay. So, all of those things factor into volume, Michael, as you know. So, as Chuck said, as we get through May and June and understand our sort of normal seasonality on how things are coming back we're going to come back to you in the second quarter call and have a clear picture for you.
Donald W. Slager: Well, look, I've always said, when organic volume growth is good, pricing goes along with that. When organic volume growth dips and goes negative, that's when pricing gets a little squirrelly, right? So if volume's growing, organic's growing, housing's growing, all those things that we're seeing in the broader macro are good, we think volume holds up, and it's a pretty good story for this year and pricing comes right alongside of it.
Donald W. Slager: And then my final word on it and I'm sort of the master of the obvious here, right, but my team's heard it a thousand times. Sustainability, my customers, is not possible without profitability. Organizations like ours cannot invest in sustainable practices, in recycling unless there is a return that we can count on. And that's the nature of the beast. That's what we believe and that's what you'll see happening in our business. And anybody who doesn't believe that it's kind of a fool's errand, so.
Donald W. Slager: Well, even if it goes to $200, we've got to fix it because here's what we know. It will go down again.
Donald W. Slager: Okay. So, again this is just – we've been doing a lot of other great work in the company over the last seven or eight years. We've been busy on a lot of good things like One Fleet and all the other good stuff and Capture and PBS. And so we've been doing a lot of great things to make the company better. This is the great thing we're going to be doing over the next couple of years.
Donald W. Slager: I would answer it this way. I think we're getting our fair share of the organic growth. And, again, we target our sales force toward customers that we think use some kind of a value equation in their thinking, people that like the idea of great service and solutions, and recycling those services in a broader suite of services. We don't expect to chase every account or have every new yard of growth, but we're getting our fair share. And as long as we're getting our fair share and maybe a little more because our products are strong and we're okay with that. Meanwhile, we're getting pricing to offset inflation, and that's an important factor of the overall story. So, nothing bad to report there.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. Keep in mind that those are small moves, right, but they're directionally going to improve the margins over time. Keep in mind that when we're the incumbent in a residential contract, we know all that cost right down to the nth degree, right. So we're very aware when a contract is sort of not meeting our threshold returns and when a customer doesn't really value what we're doing. And if we can't get the extensions at the right price or the right kind of built-in indexes or as we relate to recycling, we've got to move away from them. And we're having a good success rate in converting and increasing and extending contracts as well. Every now and then we run across one where we just can't get it done. And the good news is the team is encouraged to walk away from that business and go find another customer who wants to value great service.
Donald W. Slager: Well, it's certainly something we think about. We spend a lot of time, effort, energy talking about, thinking about, working on employee engagement at Republic. So our employee engagement rates are at all-time highs. Our turnover has been flattish year-over-year. We think our employee turnover is best-in-class. And even in light of a good or even an improving economy where you might lose more people, we're actually holding our own quite nicely. So we're spending more and more effort in just making Republic Services a great place to work. We think as it relates to our front-line people, truck drivers appreciate our One Fleet initiative, having reliable, safe trucks. Our techs enjoy working in a shop where we take fleet seriously. Our professional salespeople like the tools that we've created for them. Again, we're working on the work environment at the facilities. As I said last quarter, we're going to spend about $100 million over the next few years improving front-line facilities, locker rooms, training rooms, break rooms, those kind of things. So we put a lot of effort into just creating the best work environment, and we've got a number of external agencies and experts that have given us some acknowledgement and some accolades around that. But it's something we take really seriously. So it doesn't mean that we won't be affected by things to come, but I think we're ahead of the curve.
Donald W. Slager: Also, Tyler, a large group of those waste moves, if you will, we've got long-term contracts with stable providers. And so, we're in pretty good shape there.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. That's fair. So, with OCC, we're doing a pretty job. With the mixed paper and some other grades, it's a little bit tougher as you can imagine. But, again, we've opened up other outlets. So, we're moving our export material to a number of other places now that we didn't previously. But again, ultimately, China has got to figure out that they've got to make paper. And they have to decide whether they're going to deal with some of this contaminant or they're going to keep buying pulp and chopping up trees. So we're just going to keep working it out. But again, it's supply and demand. And we're already starting to see the bounce, as Chuck talked about, the rates we experienced in Q1 where the April dip was and now we're seeing a bounce already, the last part of April and here in early May. So we're pretty confident it's going to come back as we've said in line with that $115 number. And our team's doing a great job getting the material moved. And again, we threw a little extra labor in Q1 to do a little better job at cleaning up. But I think it's going to come back for us.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, William. In closing, we will continue to manage the business to create long-term value and remain focused on executing our strategy of profitable growth through differentiation. I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, their commitment and dedication to operational excellence and creating the Republic way. Thanks, everybody. Thanks for spending time with us today. Have a good evening and be safe out there.
Michael E. Hoffman: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. If I could follow up just a little bit to clarify. So from this point forward, we should go – if we had $135 as our assumption for the cycle and go take that down to $115 for 2Q through the remainder of the year which is about $0.08 of incremental headwind and you feel that given the power of the first quarter and it was great quarter in garbage that you can make that up. Is that the way...
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. And the price seems to have a little bit better momentum as well. So that's the other part of it. If the volume trends that good, that gives you that much more room to push on the leverage on price.
Michael E. Hoffman: Well, so somehow I'm supposed to work in some corny analogy about football games are one but passing. So, on the passing side if you're – I don't know how I'm drawing this altogether this way. So we'll scratch that and just go. Your $570 million out of $2.5 billion you did in about 30 months. Is that about the way we should think of about the pace of being able to fix the 80% of the recycling...
