Donald W. Slager: Thank you, Chuck. Given the predictability and consistency of our business, similar to prior years, we are providing a preliminary outlook for next year. We are currently midway through our annual planning process. Based on our initial reviews and assuming current business and economic conditions continue, we project the following for 2019: Adjusted EPS of $3.23 to $3.28 and adjusted free cash flow of $1.125 billion to $1.175 billion. This represents mid- to high-single-digit growth in EPS and free cash flow per share despite rising interest rate environment. Also contemplated in our outlook is a tax rate headwind of approximately $0.16 and an incremental $50 million capital investment of tax reform savings back into the business for the benefit of our front-line employees. Excluding the impact of taxes and tax reinvestment, our outlook includes double-digit growth in both earnings and free cash flow per share. We will achieve these results in 2019 by securing price increases in excess of our cost inflation, growing volume for the seventh straight year, executing on our profitable growth through differentiation strategy to enhance the customer experience and drive additional operating leverage in the business; continuing to transition our municipal recycling customers to a more durable fee-based pricing model, including a fee that fully acknowledges the cost to collect and process the material with a more equitable risk sharing arrangement; effectively deploying capital to fund profitable organic growth and value-enhancing acquisitions; and consistently and efficiently returning cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Similar to prior years, we will provide detailed financial guidance for 2019 in February of next year. In summary, our 2018 performance, along with a favorable economic backdrop, position us well for continued growth in 2019. Next year, as we anniversary the headwinds from recycling, we expect our results to demonstrate the strength and operating leverage of our business. This includes strong top-line growth, 30 basis points to 50 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion, and double-digit growth in EPS and free cash flow per share. At this time, operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Donald W. Slager: What an ironic question that was, Tyler. So, look, let me start with a really strong performance here as we end the year, right? So we're really happy with the quarter. Again, the underlying fundamentals of the business of strong volume/price, and we pulled through some of the highest prices we've seen in years, right? So, that price is going to continue and build and we'll have certain things that start to anniversary in our favour. We're already having impact from our efforts to change the recycling model here in this year and we'll have more impact in Q4. Those will start to come to bear throughout the year. And again, we have 1,100 contracts we talk to, municipal contracts. We've already converted quite a few of them to a new model. We are still talking to over 40% of them today is to move in that direction. So there's a lot of that good happening. As far as the commodity value, we have that flat into next year, right? So, if that comes back, we sort of get the automatic benefit. You've heard me say before, I hope it doesn't come back. I hope it just stays right where it is, because that's how we'll fix this recycling model. And we don't want any of our people sort of getting weak in the knees. We need to push through to a new model that gives us predictable consistent returns in that business and then shares the upside with customers, if they do a good job and a responsible job with the contamination. So we're going to continue to push that. We're getting benefit in maintenance. We're getting benefit in some of the labor activity. We've got a lot of good things happening underlying the business that are starting to now show up, and that's how we get the margin expansion. It's just good old-fashioned blocking, tackling. Pricing continued to be strong, and a good economic backdrop in solid waste.
Donald W. Slager: Well, again, Capture is the tool we use to really, one, make our sales team more efficient, make the selling experience better for customers, but also keep some level of centralized control over the process. So Capture is a real-time tool. So as we see the opportunity and the pricing flexibility, markets change, we're able to really act quickly with the pricing that we move into the marketplace. And of course, when we price our open market customers, we use this RPM process, where we're only pricing a segment of the customers per month. So we've got the ability to kind of accelerate/decelerate depending on what we're seeing in the market. So that's the tool we use. And again, if you look at the pricing that we're getting now, I think it was on the last call you asked me some similar question. Don, are you going to need pricing that looks more like 3% to start to offset some of the inflationary pressures that we're seeing in, for instance, long-haul trucking or leachate? And my answer to you was, yes, we're going to have to move pricing north from where it is today. And you can see now just in the last few months, our efforts, moving pricing in the right direction sequentially. So we're going to continue, as I said in my comments, to get pricing over normal inflation costs, net of productivity. And we're prepared to do that. Our people are good at it. We've got the systems in place to do it. And we're confident we can do that with the good economic backdrop we have.
Donald W. Slager: Well, I'll let Chuck give you some numbers on this. But I think we had a lot of exposure when the bubble burst, because of the overcapacity that was built out in places like Florida and Arizona and Las Vegas. And those are markets that we're very dense in. Of course, we don't have that problem today. Frankly, today there's more sort of a supply shortage.
Donald W. Slager: Right? So we're on the other end of it. So I still think this steady growth in housing is still good for the business. I'd much prefer sort of a steady improvement than a sudden improvement. And if the market continues to move toward the all-time average of 1.5 million [housing starts], even the 1.4 million, we're sub that today. So I think we're well positioned and right in the way of the growth. And so the growth will come to us. As far as having more than anybody else, I don't know that that's true.
Donald W. Slager: And remember, Hamzah, we lag these changes, right? So if there's something moving there that is of any sort of material impact to the business, I think we'll see it coming a long way off. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Right. Makes sense. And my follow-up question is just around how to think about M&A as you look into 2019. You talked about $200 million this year. It feels like the last time you did below $100 million was in 2016. So, just maybe walk us through, is $200 million the right number to look at in 2019? And is that just solid waste or are you looking at energy as well? Thank you.
Donald W. Slager: Well, thanks. Well, look, I think overall I would tell you that the pipeline is robust. We're not giving exact guidance on M&A for next year, but I think you could say it's certainly going to be north of $150 million in 2019 based on what we know today. That that pipeline builds over time. So we've got a good group of people that wake up every day and think about this. We've got a number of interesting acquisition candidates in the pipeline today. So we'll see good progress continue. And again, the good news is we're still paying a reasonable amount for these deals on a multiple basis post synergy. So I think we'll see a continued benefit from acquisitions still and well into 2019. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Great. Thank you.
Donald W. Slager: Well, all right. Well, look, we're not giving a detailed guidance for 2019. We've given our preliminary outlook. Again, based on what we're seeing in the business today, again, strong economic backdrop, we still think there's room to run here, good execution in our initiatives, already good progress in restructuring and revamping this recycling business, really strong pricing, strongest in years. As Chuck said, we're starting now see the benefit of the compounding benefit of rolling over with the new alternative index starting to take place. Higher CPI, we think that continues to fuel progress into 2019. Remember, when it comes to volume, we've got a little bit of our business to shed still with the brokered business. We're not afraid to walk away from bad contracts with municipalities. So we talked about non-regrettable losses, so that'll still be part of our 2019 story, right? But, again, we're starting from a strong position here in ending Q3 and already in Q4. So I gave you a lot of color, but we think the volume and the pricing traction that we're seeing will continue into 2019.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. And I would just add, we're talking about the 28% margin here in 2018. If not for this recycling headwind, we'd be at 29.5% for 2018, okay? So we would have been sort of a stone's throw from that 30% goal we set for ourselves. And then our friends in China can then kind of put us back on our heels a little bit. But we're standing up and we're going right back at it again and all these things we've got, they're making progress for us in 2018, they're going to bode well for us in 2019. We're going to march right back to a better margin.
Donald W. Slager: Well, again, this is not guidance, right? But let's just talk about the predictability of the business, that's the hallmark of the business, right? Other than sort of these sort of anomalies like China's actions or things like that, or the housing bubble reaching 3 million units or whatever heck it did and bursting years ago, generally speaking, things do not always move pretty slow. So, when you've got good traction and momentum, you've got the underlying fundamentals we have, they tend to sort of stay with you for a period of time. And as I said, I think it was to Hamzah, because we lag, we still sort of see these other big changes coming. So, think about that predictability. We also tell people, right, that the business grows with household formation, population growth, business formation. We see that continuing, right? We also tell people that, look, on average the business can grow sort of through this cycle sort of 1.5% to 2% organic volume, right? Now we have some takeaways from that because we've got some business we're shedding in a non-regrettable way. So I didn't just give you guidance. I just gave you general backdrop of this business. Pricing, we generally are able to price ahead of inflation. Now we ran into a problem when CPI went away from us and now we're getting our grip back on that. So, as I said in my comments, we're going to price ahead of inflation in 2019. So, that pricing historically has been 2.5% to, in some cases, 3%. Now that sort of varies a little bit by line of business, by market vertical. But those are sort of generalities that underscore the strength, the predictability in this business, and that's what we're seeing now. We're seeing some of that CPI anomaly sort of going, again, in our rear-view mirror. We're making a great deal of headway in this China situation. And while it's just a lot of hard work, it's all stuff we know how to do and we're already getting the benefit. It's showing up in the numbers now and that's what gives you confidence into 2019.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. Sure. We are seeing some of that. Again, we generally don't handle our own waste transfer trucking. So we generally hire a third-party to move waste from our transfer stations to our landfills. The long-haul trucking companies are experiencing a great deal of cost increase and labor shortage and turnover. That's kind of coming into that space a little bit. We're doing a much better job with our own drivers, with our own front-line workforce, because we've spent a lot of time trying to work on creating a great work environment, employee engagement and the rest of it. But we are seeing that coming and we're building that into our cost inflation model. We're building that into our pricing assumptions. We're building that into our go-forward planning when it comes to renewing large contracts and so forth.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. You could think about it that way. I mean, we're going to continue to explore price elasticity by market, by market vertical, whether it's large container, small container, what have you. We're going to continue to do that. Our tools allow us to do that, our people are really good at it. We are, again, seeing the benefit now of the rolling over of moving restricted business to a more credible and appropriate index. That's certainly going to give us a lot of help as we go through time. And even though CPI is starting to look a little more like normal, we're not going to relax and go back to CPI. We are moving forward to change contracts over time to water, sewer, trash or a fixed 3% or greater. That's still our model. That's still what we're aiming at. Just like I said, if China changes its tune, if recycling gets better, we're still going to continue to change the model to something that's durable. We're going to take this volatility out of the business. So again, I'm not giving detailed pricing guidance by market vertical today. But again, the underlying strength, the results we're getting today, you can kind of model those into next year and get a pretty good handle on it I think.
Donald W. Slager: Right. We've always said, we can't offset normal inflation through productivity. There's just not that much sloppiness in our business. So while we get better every year across many different functions and capabilities, there's not so much sloppiness to overcome inflation. So we just have to adjust pricing to do that. And when there are real broad-based legitimate things happening in labor or with trucking and those kind of things, we're able to go to customers and get it done. And our contracts, the markets allow us typically to do that. And again, with CPI now being something that we're getting in our hand or at least when it's improving and we're changing the index, that can help us get that.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. But we're never just sitting still, right? So there's always something happening in the market with our tools, with the way we're adjusting pricing, with our fees, with whatever, there's always something new happening that ultimately rolls into the pricing format, right? And the reality is that some of these inflationary costs are beyond our control that we have to overcome. And then as you said, CPI, and every time we're successful in getting a new contract rolled over with a new index, every time we're successful convincing a new recycling customer to go to a fee-based structure, each one of those things just keeps rolling into the business, right, and ultimately moving that number up through time.
Donald W. Slager: Well, I should like to expect more landfill pricing, but here's the deal. Most of our landfill volume, besides all the volume that Republic brings to its own landfills, comes from municipalities. So, that restricted price is getting restricted generally to CPI, except for those contracts that we've begun to move to a different index. The unrestricted volume looks more like a 3% to 4% price increase. So we're going to continue to move that up. I'm a little disappointed that it hasn't been able to move up faster. But as we've shared with you before, I mean we've been pretty straightforward on the cost of these landfills, the cost of leachate, the scarcity of the asset. And we continue to move pricing up and unfortunately that dislocated some volume to other landfills that have been willing to take on all that cost and liability for less than we are. So it's still something that I think over time has more room for upside. That's really not baked into our 2019 guide or 2019 preliminary outlook.
Donald W. Slager: Well, thank you, Denise. In closing, I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence in creating the Republic Way. And you could all do me one favor and go to recyclingsimplified.com, so everyone can learn how to recycle responsibly. Tell all your friends to be friendly to the planet, it'll change your life. Thank you for spending time with us today. Have a good evening.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. I don't think that that's true either. When we talk about housing starts, we're really talking about that as a proxy for consumer sentiment, how the consumers really feel about the economy. The consumers are really the ones that drive GDP. They're really the ones that drive the growth in the business. So we look at housing right now, it's still strong, it's 1.2 million units and that's up 6.6% over the prior year. So we still see good growth in housing. Even if it stays kind of at 1.2 million or creeps up a little bit from there, that still tells us that the consumer feels very good about the economy. And if they feel good about the economy, they're going to spend more money and that's going to generate waste, which is good for us.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So what we're expecting this year is 140 basis points of compression from recycling in 2018. And obviously, we'll get a little bit of a benefit associated with the actions that we've already put into place in Q3. So, if we just talk about the annual value of the Q3 actions, it's about $40 million, that's the annual value. So, about $20 million of a rollover benefit in 2019. And I need to point out that that doesn't include any of the actions that we expect to be able to take here in Q4.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. Yeah. Margins would be up anywhere from 60 basis points to 80 basis points during the year. And obviously, that's being masked this year because of recycling. But when we guide to 30 basis points to 50 basis points EBITDA margin expansion, that's where you truly see how the solid waste piece of the business is growing.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So what we've said historically is cost inflation at about 2% to 2.25% and that's net of the productivity gains that you spoke of. As we look now and then into 2019, we're thinking that costs are probably going to trend up closer to 2.5%. And once again, that's net of the productivity gains. And that's why getting the price increase that Don had talked about is so important. And that's what allows us to get the EBITDA margin expansion in 2019.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. It's the SG&A improvement, that's the primary improvement year-over-year, so call it 20 basis points to 30 basis points.
