Edward A. Lang: Thanks, Angie. Welcome, and thank you for joining us. This is Ed Lang, and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' fourth quarter and full year 2013 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO; Glenn Culpepper, our CFO, and Brian DelGhiaccio, Vice President of Investor Relations are joining me as we discuss our performance. Before we get started I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involves risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is February 6, 2014. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with a recording of this call are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When presentations are scheduled, the dates and times are posted on our website, along with instructions for listening to the live webcast of the event. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Edward A. Lang: Thanks, Glenn. Fourth quarter 2013 interest expense was $90 million, which included $12 million of non-cash amortization. Our full year 2013 effective tax rate was 36.5% of adjusted earnings and was impacted by favorably closing out open tax years under audit and realizing additional federal and state credits on our 2012 tax returns. In 2014, there were two tax related changes resulting in a $0.13 EPS headwind. First, in 2014 we expect to return to our normal statutory effective tax rate of approximately 39.5%. When compared to the 36.5% effective rate in 2013 this result in an EPS headwind of approximately $0.11. Second, during 2013 we realized alternative fuel tax credits under a provision of the IRS tax code. Similar to bonus depreciation Congress did not extend this provision beyond 2013. The expiration of the fuel tax credit results in a $0.02 EPS headwind. Full year 2013 adjusted free cash flow was $714 million. Adjusted free cash flow included net capital expenditures of $856 million. With the expiration of bonus depreciation at the end of 2013 we expect cash taxes to increase approximately $60 million in 2014. Our 2014 adjusted free cash flow guidance range of $675 million to $725 million is relatively consistent with our 2013 performance. We expect to overcome the cash tax increase with growth from the business and reductions in capital spending. Finally I'll discuss the balance sheet. At December 31, our accounts receivable balance was $891 million and our days sales outstanding was 38 days or 25 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was approximately $7 billion at December 30, and excess availability under our bank facility was approximately $1.5 billion. I'll now turn the call back to Don.
Edward A. Lang: Yeah. Absolutely. Our industrial line of business that we've seen, it's really a nice story. We've seen year-over-year growth in units, year-over-year growth in price per unit and as a result year-over-year improvement in margin. So just as it should occur. And we talked about this on our Q3 call as we that part of our business turn off and we expect that to continue through 2014.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Ed. Before closing I'll provide 2014 financial guidance. We expect 2014 adjusted earnings per share to be in a range of $1.93 to $1.98. Excluding the $0.13 of tax-related items this represents mid to high-single digit earnings growth. Our guidance assumes that fuel or recycled commodity prices remain at current levels for the full year. We anticipate 2014 adjusted free cash flow in the range of $675 million to $725 million. This level of performance is relatively consistent with 2013 even though we have to overcome a $60 million increase in cash taxes. We expect annual revenue growth of 3.5% to 4.5% which includes average yield of 1% to 1.5%, volume growth of 1.5% to 2% and contribution from acquisitions of approximately 1%. Our expected yield performance is relatively consistent with our 2013 performance. We expect a step down in CPI price resets offset by higher levels of price contributions from our open markets. Our expected volume performance anticipates construction and business activity will continue to improve, partially offset by a modest decline in our residential business. Pricing levels for municipal bins and residential subscription work continues to be challenging and we will only renew business if it meets our return criteria. We anticipate 2014 EBITDA margin of 28.5% to 29%. As Glenn mentioned our full year EBITDA margin in 2013 was 28.6% excluding the favorable insurance and environmental items recorded in the fourth quarter. Our 2014 EBITDA margin guidance is consistent with or slightly up versus the normalized 2013 performance. 2014 net capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $820 million. During 2014 we will continue to focus on managing the controllable aspects of our business by enhancing the quality of our revenue, investing in profitable opportunities and reducing cost. We will enhance the quality of revenue by identifying customer segments and targeting those willing to pay for our higher quality service offering; focusing on the customer experience to differentiate our service offering and build customer loyalty; and prudent pricing decisions made by our sales team at the point-of-sale using upgraded ROI-based pricing tools; enhancing controls for new business sales and service level transactions; better aligned sales incentive programs and increasing fee participation rates in our cost recovery programs. We will continue to profitably grow the business through acquisitions, municipal privatizations and building capabilities to capture growth and diversion. We will continue to manage our cost structure by automating residential routes to reduce labor cost; improved driver productivity and create a safer work environment; lowering our cost of fuel and reducing emissions through conversion of CNG vehicles; standardizing maintenance practices and processes to reduce cost and leveraging SG&A expense. Collectively, we anticipate these cost initiatives will lower our cost structure by 75 to 100 basis points over the next three years. The long term business fundaments and strength of our assets has not changed. We still believe that pricing levels exceed cost inflation under normal business conditions. We gain operating leverage and increased density with broad-based volume growth. We can differentiate our service offerings through superior customer service, world-class safety and employee engagement. We can maintain our pace of tuck-in acquisitions in existing markets. Margins can expand through cost efficiencies, productivity improvements and leveraging SG&A expenses. And finally, return on invested capital can steadily improve through earnings growth, capital spending controls and investing wisely in the business. Our team remains focused on executing our strategy to deliver consistent earnings and cash flow growth. We are committed to an efficient capital structure, maintaining our investment grade rating and increasing cash returns to our stockholders. At this time operator, we’ll open the call for questions.
Donald W. Slager: Sure and I will take the first question. So first remember we’ve got some mix issues going on here Hamzah. So some of the growth, a lot of the growth is coming from national accounts, which as you know a lot of that revenue is tied to subcontractor work and some of these brokered recycling tons, so that comes at a lower margin but still a good return. And the other big part of growth is coming from our construction C&D type hauling. So I will tell you that we still use our ROI based pricing tools in all of the decisions that we make to grow the business so whether it’s a small commercial customer or municipal bid or large national account in all the prices we use for our C&D, hauling in our local markets is all based on improving ROI. So we know that as we build the density of the business and continue to make good ROI-based decisions we’re growing the business profitably.
Donald W. Slager: Okay, I don't think there’s much of a change what we have seen previously. I think the larger companies tend to be from what we can still more ROI-focused and tend to be more rational. Smaller players do tend to fly underneath the price umbrella that's provided by larger companies and those trends will continue and are not very surprising.
Donald W. Slager: I'd say it's a fair bridge from where we were in Q4. Q4 had a lot of special waste as we said right. So that was one of the reasons Q4 performed as well as it did. So special waste is a little bit lumpy that's not going to carry right into the first part of the year and probably it will be more evenly spread out through 2014 that we anticipate.
Donald W. Slager: Well same conditions exist in residential that have existed through the last couple of years. You have got municipalities that are not in say a very healthy state of general finance and so they are really pressuring haulers. We've seen a little bit of more of challenging environmental at least in some markets from pricing activities for new bids and extensions on business. So that's been challenging. I just think we are at the bottom of that cycle and hopefully working our way out of it. We are going to work through the rest of this let's say re-pricing some of those residential contracts and we look to CPI to improve over the long run. I don't think anybody believes that CPI is going to stay as low as it is forever. So on the 0.5 year average CPI is three plus percent and I think as we go forward a year or two we should start to get some relief on and get back to some normalized CPI environment and that will help things out as well.
Donald W. Slager: Well. Commercial volume is in absolute units it's up. The margins are pretty stable there. We continue to have pretty good pricing in the open market commercial. As I said that offsets some of the price headwinds in our CPI-based pricing book of business. What we haven’t seen is a dramatic increase in service levels but I would say that if you did an eight quarter chart and drew a straight line through service increases and services decreases you would say that it’s an improving environment across both of those metrics over an eight quarter period. So we would look for that to continue in ’14. At what rate we can’t necessarily forecast but we look for it to continuing to improve.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah I would say that it really hasn’t helped us much. We probably got a little bit of revenue out of it, nothing to make a headline out of. We’re a best situated landfill in that market and so we tend to be the highest price because of convenience factor. We’re not predisposed to lower our rates to track the volume and I would say that most of the volume has found its way to Orange County to the County site.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah I would say landfill specifically MSW trends down, have been sort of flat for us. I've seen special ways to trend it up and C&D as the landfill has trended up MSW has been a little bit pressured. We've consistently been raising price to the landfills, watching them and doubling volume along the ways we talked about that trend continuing in Q4 but total landfill in Q4 yield was 2% down a little bit from Q3, I would think flattish throughout the rest of the year.
Donald W. Slager: Well first I would tell you that both permanent, our permanent rollout and our temporary rollout were both up in Q4. We don't really make a distinction between residential construction and commercial construction because it really doesn't mean anything to us and how we run our business. So I really don’t have metrics to share with you there. As I shared before I mean it was up pretty dramatically in Q3 and it performed well in Q4. We expect it to maintain that kind of trend through 2014. So it's a bright spot for us what we've all been waiting for. And we all said for many years the business sort of builds around household formation so as we see more new home construction and then we see more business development around the new home construction infrastructure business formation come in and that's going to fuel the commercial business as well. So it's happening the way we thought would happen, maybe it took a little longer to get started but we’re looking forward to a pretty good trend in ’14.
Donald W. Slager: That’s the biggest factor there Derek. If you look at our 2.5% in the fourth quarter special waste landfill volumes drove about 90 basis points of that and our collection business which is 75% of our revenue was 1.1% growth in volume. So we would see ourselves as continuing to grow all of those things but the special waste had an easier comparison in the fourth quarter this year compared to the last year and that’s what really drove the 2.5%.
Donald W. Slager: I will just tell you that we’re committed to the buybacks and that's been pretty consistent in our history and we’re committed to buyback in 2014. We think we've had probably the steadiest trend in the industry on cash yield. You are going to see us continue to spend on the buyback in 2014. It could be around $400 million or so.
Donald W. Slager: Well let’s start with you know the big headline in CPI is actually going, is going to happen us negatively in ’14. So that’s kind of about is a 60 basis points move in CPI so you know that’s that tends to be you know a little bit of tail that wags the dog for us. We have talked about it so. We expect that we will be as active in the open market in ’14 as we were in ’13 and we think the open market will allow us to get little bit more price in ’14 than ’13 to offset the CPI headwinds and the resets that we’ll face. So absolutely the nutshell. So we do have some dynamics improving. Again pricing in CNG roll-offs going up, price in special waste has held up and actually gone up nicely. We got to be consistent with our pricing cadence through ’14 in the open market, we got to hold our line of landfill pricing like we have historically and hit our marks. So we believe that as I said CPI at some point will start to give us a positive bounce but we don't control that. So we just got to operate around it for now.
Donald W. Slager: No, the last question first. Special waste has not necessarily been a -- it's been a great business for us and a good margin business for us. The larger the special waste job the tighter the margin becomes but special waste performed very nicely for us in not only in volume but in margin. So we hope to see that continue. The best you can do when you are building business plan is look at the current trends and look at the actions you are taking and build them together. So we think the 28.5% to 29% margin performance for '14 is a strong performance. We don't have a lot of business closures or work closures that we can be concern ourselves with. It really comes down to the headwind from the CPI environment and we don't start to see benefits from the one [inaudible] till the second half of the year and all the other cost initiatives that we talked about continue. So we think it's a pretty good story and if CPI starts to give some relief in the out years then we just grow from there. We still believe that in the long run we can see margins over 30% again but it's going to take some better CPI environment for us to experience that.
Donald W. Slager: No, I don't think recycling is kind of a decision point for privatization of a municipal collection operation. Generally they are relatively small contracts and simply the city is looking at the capital spending requirement for fleets. So containers, and then we prefer to kind of step away from the business not wanting to make those type with long-term tactical commitments.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, Angie. I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence and creating the Republic way. Thank you for spending time with us today and have a great evening.
Glenn A. Culpepper: I will take the second question first Hamzah. The $0.06 yes that is in the gross margin line. So our gross margin for the fourth quarter was 30.3%. If you take out those two items our gross margin would have been about 28.6%.
Glenn A. Culpepper: Well. Our guidance is 28.5% to 29% EBITDA margin. And for both the fourth quarter and for the full year on kind of normalized basis I think we said that it was 28.6%. So in fact our guidance range is relatively even too up from 2013.
Glenn A. Culpepper: And I could say one more thing is -- I think occasionally you see spikes in parts of your business right now but certainly a little more competitive in some markets and as I said in my comments we just decided that we are just not going to price below a reasonable return on that business. And so at some point I think competitively think things will have to change. Because I don't think people can continue to do some of that business as cheaply as they are doing.
Glenn A. Culpepper: Yeah I would say it’s a couple of things. You know we pulled a little bit forward into ’13, bought a few trucks early and we are spending a little less on recycling build out in ’14 and in the last two years again. We are still reworking a number of facilities in ’14 like some of those private [haulers] aren’t as capital intensive is the one we took on last year and a year before. So we’re still moving on recycling platform forward. It's really those two things.
Glenn A. Culpepper: It's really just cash taxes Michael will be up significant next year through the expiration of bonus depreciation we -- that's a $60 million headwind.
