Don Slager: Thanks, Jim. Our second quarter results reflect our continued focus on safety, cost control, operating efficiency, customer service, and pricing. Financial highlights for the second quarter are, we had revenue of approximately $2.1 billion, Republic had positive internal growth of 0.9%. This is the first time we have had positive internal growth since Q3 2008. We expect to have positive total revenue growth in the second half of 2010. Net income, adjusted primarily for merger related expenses, was $166.4 million or $0.43 per share. Our adjusted EBITDA margin was 31.3%. This strong performance demonstrated the strength of our field organization to maintain the focus on pricing in a low-inflation environment and cost-competitive structure, while completing the integration process. Our total price improvement, including fuel surcharges and higher commodity values, was 4.2%. Core price increase for the second quarter was 1.6%. Our pricing was down sequentially due to the impact of lower CPI on our index-based business, which represents 50% of total revenue. We continue to use our ROI pricing tools to be sure all business activity meets our requirements. Our volumes declined year-over-year by 3.3%, which is a 370 basis points improvement versus first quarter. Our commercial collection business has started to see increases in service frequency and we continue to see volume improvement in our industrial and landfill lines of business. We expect that by the fourth quarter our volumes will be flat to slightly positive. Year-to-date, adjusted free cash flow was $402 million or $1.05 per share. This is a 124% of adjusted book earnings. As you know, free cash flow is the best measure of quality earnings. We remain on track to meet our synergy target of $185 million to $190 million by year-end. This strong performance has enabled us to increase our quarterly dividend and increase our earnings and free cash flow guidance as Jim just mentioned. Before moving on to Tod's financial review, I would like to mention a few operational highlights in the quarter. First, we continue to experience positive results from our safety initiatives as accident frequency in the quarter is down more than 10% compared to last year. This is an area of keen focus for Republic and a continuance of a positive multiyear trend. Second, we are seeing a more normal seasonal increase in our temporary roll-off business. Although the level of business activity is down significantly from two years ago, we have not seen this level of sequential percentage increase since 2007. Third, during the first half of 2010, we have continued to expand our fleet of alternative energy vehicles with the purchase of 155 natural gas trucks. We will take delivery of an additional 110 natural gas fuel trucks by the end of 2010. Fourth, we have brought two additional single-stream recycling facilities online in the Twin Cities and Buffalo marketplaces, and plan to complete one more in Central Florida by the end of the year. I would like to thank our field operations for their commitment to achieving a high level of performance in all aspects of our business, their hard work and ability to execute. Our operating plan is clearly evidenced in our results. I'll now turn the call over to Tod for a recap of second quarter financial performance.
Don Slager: Yes. (Multiple Speakers) We've – we are down around the 7% in the section [ph] of our business for the quarter. So we've always kind of looked at that kind of 8% being a good range and saw it pretty flat.
Don Slager: Look at it this way. We are really – we are fully staffed, all the departments are functioning well. And as the volume comes back and the revenue goes up, then it is just math.
Don Slager: And so by the very nature, the franchise businesses are tied to more of a CPI index-type situation, Hamzah. And so you tend to get a little more pricing than in your open market opportunity.
Don Slager: Yes, it's a little too early. So while we are seeing the year-over-year volume numbers decline, right – or the gaps decline, we are still negative year-over-year in volume, 3.3%. So we've got to get to a positive volume environment for volume (inaudible). That's when we will see that operating leverage and as we said in the comments, we expect to be coming at zero or a slight positive volume situation by –
Don Slager: Yes. We will obviously talk more about those additional initiatives when we talk about 2011 guidance. As far as automation goes, we've got a plan coming together now. It's essentially a five-year plan to automate the remaining parts of our residential business that is automatable. And we are working that through, the priorities and as contracts come available to do that over the next five years and those will have bigger turns attached to them. So we are – we've got a lot of great success in that. So we are just going to continue to do that over the next five years.
Don Slager: I mean, the good news as well is we had seasonality that we didn't see last year. So that's again another good fact in the trend.
Don Slager: Right. And remember Corey, you know that incremental margin is a function of density, it's a function of capacity that we have in the system with some trucks that are parked from – we had several hundred trucks mothballed ready to go back into service. It's a function of – again, the SG&A discussion we had before, we are fully staffed, we don't have to add overhead to manage the new volume. So again, that incremental margin is a function of that. And as CPI pricing – remember, when we are in – CPI is lower and we are in a low-cost inflation situation as well. And as Jim said in his comments, the real key is that our pricing activities produce more revenue than our total cost inflation, right, to continue that margin expansion. And we've talked about getting anywhere from 50 BPs to 150 BPs of price in addition to inflation and we are successful in doing that. And that's the key and so that – well, CPI doesn't worry us overall and if CPI comes back and the inflation is good and we will see that build back. But I think we are in good place for next year.
Jim O'Connor: Thanks, Tod. Don and I would like to comment on the process for executive transition here at Republic. As an organization, we believe that every successful company needs a plan to build, develop, and retain the appropriate level of management talent. Our Board of Directors has been focused on succession planning as a high priority for many years. One of the benefits of the merger was a much stronger talent base to draw from. When I announced my intention to retire, we began to execute the details of our plan with the goal to ensure a seamless transition. I am extremely confident that we are on the course to continue our track record of success and have full faith in Don to lead the next chapter of Republic's success. Most of the investment community already knows Don. If you don't, I can tell you that he has a proven track record as a leader, extensive experience in the industry, and maybe most important, a deep sense of commitment to our company shareholders. Over the course of the next five months, I will be working with Don to transition responsibilities and ensure a smooth and orderly succession. I look forward to participating in the 2011 planning process and I am especially committed to finalizing and closing out the first successful large-scale merger in the solid waste industry before I leave Republic Services. Now, I would like to turn it over to Don.
Jim O'Connor: Exactly. So I mean, I think – but we are committed to spending that level to maintain the quality that we have within the organization.
Jim O'Connor: But I mean, I think too that 370 basis points of improvement that we told you about in volume, all right, is not just the comp – not the volume comping out here. This is – we have seen some marginal increases in our small container business through service increases. We've seen our industrial permanent and as in Tod's – in Don's comments, we pointed out. And we are starting to see some increased landfill volumes, especially surrounding special waste. So we are seeing some improvement in the economy and we do believe that the business does have operating leverage in it going forward. But I think as Don said, it's just a little early to tell right now when we still really look at kind of earnings being almost 50-50 versus what – in a traditional year when we saw traditional seasonality, it was 48-50.
Jim O'Connor: Yes, of earnings. So I think – look at – we believe the economy is getting a little bit better. We believe that the business is – from a pricing perspective, is operating online. We will be at the lower end of our guidance in pricing by – for full year. So I mean, all in all, we just – I mean, I believe that this is a great quarter. And again, business is operating just as we saw it would, other than the idea that the CPI is – has got a headwind.
Jim O'Connor: Well, I mean, I think it's – one, it's a process that we embarked upon early part of last year to start to review where we were in the integration and what the capabilities of the business were to generate significant amounts of free cash flow. I think the – the other thing is we've been clear that we are looking to announce a share repurchase to be effectuated in 2011 after we finished completion of our de-levering program. And so I think it's consistent with the way we've approached it and planned it that the Board will make the decision on share repurchase in the third quarter call. And I think we've been clear to say that in a number of conferences that we've been at. And the order of magnitude that we've been talking about the share repurchase to be is in the area of $300 million to $400 million to be acted on in the 2011 calendar year and probably, with a bias to the upper end of that.
Jim O'Connor: Right. So when we talk about the lower end of our guidance, it's really we are still at about that 2% range or about 1.8% if you backed out the impact of the environmental fee that will take effect in July.
Jim O'Connor: Yes, I think we – again, probably similar to what we reported in the first quarter call, we saw anecdotal evidence of manufacturing and light industry improving in the Midwest and the Mid-Atlantic states, still not a strong recovery in the south and the west. And so that's where we are really seeing the upticks there. And again, those are good signs. In the special waste line of business, we are seeing still a very strong funnel. So we don't see any reason to anticipate any drop-off in special waste other – in fact, actually I think we would probably predict some acceleration.
Jim O'Connor: Thank you, Holly. In summary, I am very pleased with our second quarter and our first half year results. I know that Don has already mentioned this, but I wanted to add my appreciation to the field organization and the management team here at corporate, for their extraordinary efforts through the integration process and for their excellent financial performance through the first half of 2010. I would like to remind everybody on the call that there is a recording that will be available through August 5th by calling 203-369-3404. Additionally, I want to point out that our SEC filings and a discussion of our business activities along with a recording of this call are available on Republic’s website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in industrial conferences. When presentations are scheduled, the dates and times are posted on our website along with the instructions for listening to the web – the live webcast of the event. So with that, I would like to thank everyone for spending time with us today, and have a good evening.
Tod Holmes: Thanks, Jim. I agree that our transition will be a smooth one. Our succession announcement and related plan was well received across the organization and our transition plan is on track. As you already know, I selected Kevin Walbridge to join the management team at Phoenix where he will serve as Executive Vice President of Operations. I'll be working closely with Kevin and his team as I transition my day-to-day operating responsibilities. I look forward to serving our employees, our customers, and our shareholders as CEO on January 1st. Jim and I have built a strong team at Republic and I have great appreciation for their abilities and their contributions to our success. I welcome the opportunity to work with such a fine group of people. The entire team is committed to fulfilling the goals that Jim and I laid out for the company at the beginning of the year and likewise, they all share a strong belief in our company and our strategy. Republic has a very clear management objective – several objectives that I would like to reiterate specifically. We will maintain a safe and high-quality work environment for our people. We will continually improve our customers' experience and ensure that we are meeting their needs and managing their waste streams effectively. We will improve our return on capital through a disciplined approach to cost management, pricing, and capital allocation. We will intelligently grow our business through superior market planning and strategic investments. We will achieve and maintain lasting operational excellence throughout the organization and we will continually develop our people, build our talent, and expand the organization's capability. This of course all leads to our core objectives, which are to maintain a strong capital structure and generate consistent, high levels of free cash flow and return increasing amounts of free cash flow to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchase. There is nothing new in these objectives, so if it sounds like more of the same, well, it is. This focus has delivered significant total returns to stakeholders during the past 12 years and we are committed to staying on this path. I am confident that the Republic team will optimize the value and strength of our assets and our market position. We will continue to deliver on the benefits of the merger and further Republic's track record of solid execution and value creation. Thanks again to our field management team for delivering outstanding performance during the first half of 2010. With that, I will ask our operator to join the call as we open the lines for questions.
Tod Holmes: No, I think it's realistic that we can go lower. I mean, obviously the SG&A is a function of the economy and as the volumes come back, we could leverage it down into the 9% plus range.
Tod Holmes: Well, the residential business is about 70% CPI. And I think when you look at – now, we do have across the entire county CPI-based contracts, but there is a heavier weighting of the CPI in the south and – particularly in the southwest and west, where the franchises encompass all lines of business.
Tod Holmes: Now, we have modeled CPI and the rollover of CPI quarter-by-quarter and we have some of the contracts that are anniversarying out. So as we look into the third, fourth quarter, well, the current CPI is a little bit lower. At least within this year quarter-by-quarter, we see some upticks in the second half there.
Tod Holmes: Well, I think the pricing – I'm thinking of some of our larger contracts, we have – for example Las Vegas, which is a – those contracts are July CPI we said, and some of the larger West Coast contracts are September. So I don't know that it's necessarily heavily weighted towards the first half of the year. I think it just depends on – we are going to get a little bit more CPI price in the second half, but that's really a function of that book of contracts that we have and how the terms were written and how they reset last year versus this year. So I – I don't necessarily have – I can't say two-thirds of our contracts are reset in the second half and one-third in the first half. I don't have that statistic.
Tod Holmes: Well, I think a lot of what we are going to see this year is pretty well set, now that we are halfway through the year. So as we analyze our contracts, we will get a little bit more CPIs priced in the second half of the year. I think the volatility, you bring a good point – the volatility, if CPI picks back up, then we will have a little bit more CPI if we roll into '11. So it's probably more of a '11 issue than it is a '10 issue.
Tod Holmes: Yes. So Jonathan, we will be paying down more debt here in the second half of this year and then making that – the Board will be looking at that as Jim indicated in November.
Tod Holmes: Yes. Well, first of all, I think we have steadily moved the synergies up as we moved through the year and actually even last year. I think we are reaching sort of a plateau here. There might be a little bit of upside, but I think the business is pretty well integrating. By the end of probably October, we should be pretty much done with this. And you can also see that there is not a lot cost to achieve synergies. So the one – where we are at in second quarter maybe about $185 million run rate. I think our guidance is $185 million to $190 million and we will be at the $190 million probably as we wrap up this year. And we had talked in the past about some strategic projects, which the company is working on and we are actually spending P&L dollar today to focus on certain number of areas. But the benefits of those really come in probably in '12 and '13. So the whole synergy cycle and the cost to achieve synergy cycle really ends in December.
Tod Holmes: A little bit better in June, I think. But again, we are not about to declare a victory on the economy. But it was a little bit better in June.
Tod Holmes: Well, it's about a 1% increase effective July 1st. So for the fiscal year, it's probably about 20 basis points full year.
Tod Holmes: Yes, that's pretty straightforward. It's – first of all, with the seasonal uptick, our – I think you will see it in the Q; our receivables went up by about maybe $60 million, close to $900 million. So that's just – we are carrying higher receivables in the summer months. Typically that drops off in November and December in a more normal seasonal cycle. The other is, if you remember, at the end of last year our payables kind of spiked up in December and we paid a lot of cash out on payables. And so there is a normal cycle in payables also, which is another maybe $50 million or so. So I think those are a couple of the big items and it's really working capital. And as we look at the year again, CapEx, we think is going to be pretty much in line with our guidance. Again, we move the free cash flow up, consistent with where the earnings was going and I think depending on what happens with taxes, there has been some noise about bonus depreciation. I'm not sure Congress can get its act together on anything, but if they did, maybe we would have some further upside if bonus depreciation we'll put back in for 2010. So we feel very comfortable with that $725 million to $750 million. And we think we are in a very strong position from a cash flow standpoint, we will be de-levering through the end of this year and in a strong cash flow position next year.
Tod Holmes: Yes. Well, that's why I think – the tax – (Multiple Speakers) couple of headwinds in the first half of the year.
Tod Holmes: When we speak to cash flows, we really speak to the full year. You get noise in there from tax payments; you get noise in there in terms of the timing of landfill construction, cell development, that sort of things.
