Eric Gerratt: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Joining me on the call this morning are Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Feeler; Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Simon Bell; and Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing, Steve Welling. Before we begin, please note that certain statements contained in this conference call that do not describe historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Since forward-looking statements include risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Factors that could cause results to differ materially from those expressed include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These risks and uncertainties also include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the continued impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the macroeconomic impact of specific end markets in which we operate, and our expectations for financial results for 2021. Management cannot control or predict many factors that determine future results. Listeners should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect management's views only on the date such statements are made. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements or to make any other forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. For those joining by webcast, you can follow along with today's presentation. For those listening by phone, you can access today's presentation on our website at www.usecology.com. Throughout yesterday's earnings release and our call and presentation today, we refer to adjusted EBITDA, adjusted earnings per diluted share, cash earnings per diluted share and adjusted free cash flow. These metrics are not determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and are therefore susceptible to varying calculations. A definition, calculation, and reconciliation to the financial statements of adjusted earnings per diluted share, cash earnings per diluted share, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted free cash flow can be found in Exhibit A of our earnings release. We believe these non-GAAP metrics are useful in evaluating our reported results. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff.
Eric Gerratt: So yeah, so the deferral on the event business from this year into next, Michael, is about $3 million of EBITDA. There's another $3 million on event business for projects coming into the year that were included in our initial guidance that have completed early. And so that's about another $3 million. And then you've got the $3 million for the large scale emergency response that was in our guidance that we didn't experience in the first half of the year. And then the rest is really a function of some of the inflationary pieces and things like that that I discussed.
Eric Gerratt: Correct. And Michael, if you look at the revenue guidance, so there's the kind of summary guidance table in the release and if you look at the revenue by segment, for our revenue guidance the total is the same, but there is a bit of a shift between waste solutions to field services within that guidance range, which, again, that field services revenue comes at a lower margin than the waste solutions.
Eric Gerratt: Yeah. One of the things, as we look at our overhead or our SG&A, and it's hard to compare it to peers because I don't always know exactly what's included in theirs versus ours. But I know for us, the large component of SG&A, I mean, it includes labor for, obviously, the corporate functions as well as a lot of the administrative expenses and people at our facilities as well and within our regions. The other thing that's included in our SG&A is we have a pretty large chunk of intangible amortization, that relates to non-permit related intangible assets that the biggest jump in those was when we did the NRC acquisition in 2019, but we have upwards of $8 million of intangible asset amortization that flows through SG&A through the first six months. If you strip some of that noise the intangible amortization, business development integration expenses out of our SG&A, we're at about 16.5% of revenue at the end of 2020, we're around 17% year to date through 2021. But I think some of that noise that's within our SG&A and our overhead is that intangible asset amortization, which is a pretty big number.
Eric Gerratt: Yeah. I don't know that it's 70% or 80%. But if you look at our revised guidance and kind of what we did in the second quarter for the energy waste segment, I mean, we had a pretty good recovery in our EBITDA margins. They were back in the mid 20s. And so I would expect - and as we look back at that business pre-pandemic and pre-acquisition, it's an EBITDA margin business that's closer to our waste solutions segment, so low to mid 30s in a normal environment, potentially higher, but we already made a lot of progress getting it back in that 25% range. The new guidance that we put out yesterday for that business, our EBITDA margin is 25% to 28%. So some pretty good improvement with more upside as it improves.
Eric Gerratt: Yeah. It's somewhere around 10% to 12%. And really, I would expect that Q3 will be the largest. And part of that is it's typically our strongest quarter, and that's a lower comparable if you go back to 2020.
Eric Gerratt: Yeah. I think the biggest - one of the biggest things is just additional activity that we typically see seasonally in the third quarter, and we're projecting a really strong fourth quarter as well. And so as that - particularly on the event business side picks up, some of that large scale ER picks up, it comes in at a higher incremental margin. So that's really the biggest driver of that lift you see from the first half to the second half, which isn't uncommon that we typically see each year, a decent sized lift in our second half over the first as the event business and the activity in the third and fourth quarters pick up.
Eric Gerratt: I got to think about that, Tyler. That sounds pretty reasonable to me and not uncommon with what we see. So I think, yes, as that event business scales up and scales down, it can cut both ways at a pretty high incremental margin.
Eric Gerratt: So some of it, Tyler, well, a portion of it is the large scale ER that didn't happen in the first half that, again, similar to some of our event business comes through at a really high incremental margin on the waste solutions side. So that is a piece of it as well as just some of the mix and some of what we're seeing and some of the cost and inflationary challenges that we're expecting in that piece of the business that Jeff touched on a bit in terms of drivers and labor and some of those things. And if you look at the guidance - the revised guidance versus the previous, it's about 100 basis points of margin that went down in this version of the guidance versus the previous.
Eric Gerratt: Yes. It's again, incremental. It's that incremental margin as it's recovered. We're also feeling a lot of the benefits of some of the cost cutting that we did last year on both labor side, rentals things like that. And so you've really seen us pick up traction really since the second or third quarter last year and seen that improving margin and so incremental revenue comes through at a better margin than it did say a year ago.
Eric Gerratt: I would say there's some incentive compensation shift there, but that's about at least through the first six months in the guidance about where we kind of expected coming into the year. We are seeing some headwinds in terms of some of our benefits costs, some of our insurance costs, and then just overall labor.
Eric Gerratt: Yeah, I would say, right around there is about right. We actually - our guidance and our forecast, which - just to be clear, so our forecast is - our current forecast is the midpoint of our guidance and if you look at it and break it down by quarter, we're actually showing that Q4 will be a bit stronger than Q3. But Q3 is kind of about in that $50 million range.
Eric Gerratt: Yes. So the credit agreement, really, the big change, the big positive change is we extended the revolver out another five years. We also, while we're at extended - or increased the covenant permanently. So it steps down and there's actually a chart in the appendix of the presentation for today that shows the new levels. But in terms of interest, we're expecting interest expense to be pretty similar to what we guided before, maybe a bit less. And then on the tax rate, we are seeing some of the change in the EPS guidance is we are seeing or expecting a higher tax rate than we were coming into the year in last quarter. A lot of that is due to, as we look at the forecast and where the revenue is shifting. Some of it is shifting into some of our higher tax jurisdictions, Canada is one good example. And we continue to see our state effective rate continue to increase. So there's about a 250, 300 basis point increase in our tax rate for the year now versus what we thought coming into the year.
Jeff Feeler: Thanks Eric. We are encouraged by what we're seeing in the fundamentals of the industrial recovery and the current trajectory that we're on. We communicated at the beginning of the year that the biggest risk to our 2021 outlook was replacing and growing upon record levels of event business in 2020. While we are disappointed that continuing effects of the pandemic have shifted projects into the second half of the year and in 2022, we are encouraged by the bidding activity and opportunities and the overall health of the pipeline. As Eric mentioned the large emergency response events that have not developed in the first half of the year pose the risk to the second half and if they did not materialize. While these headwinds are mitigated by strong base business and services work, along with the positive trends we're seeing in the Energy segment, these risks to our initial guidance are difficult and were difficult to overcome in the remaining six months. Turning to our longer term outlook, we are still marching toward our five year targets with organic revenue growth of 5% to 7% per year, driving $100 million of free cash flow and achieving double digit returns on invested capital by the end of 2025, while lowering our leverage levels to two to two and a half times, we remain confident in our ability to achieve these targets. Before I conclude and open up the call for questions, I'd like to recognize our talented team here at US Ecology. This past quarter, I've had the ability to finally get out and travel to our facilities and sit down with our team members. I continue to be impressed by our people in how they continue to protect human health in the environment, while navigating through ever changing circumstances. We have the right people and the right assets to respond to our customers' needs, and we continue to be a trusted partner for our customers. And together, we are building a sustainable future for all. With the remaining focus on executing our strategy to drive long-term growth and value creation, I am looking forward to all that's to come. With that, operator, let's open up the call for questions.
Jeff Feeler: Good question, Michael. The reality is we modeled that in based off history. If you go back to all the way down into 2015, a lot of events have happened and a lot more than what we modeled in. And last year was with all the conditions being shut down and depressed, we didn't see much materialize. So if you go back look in history, those things occur. And so the reality is we believe those to occur in a more normal state, and we model them out what we believed at the time would materialize this year and still may materialize in the back half of the year.
Jeff Feeler: Yeah. It could be a whole bunch of different things. It could be chemical plant accidents. It could be a lot of things. I mean, we've had events in the past that a singular accident outside of a major pipeline break could be $20 million to $50 million, I mean, they are big events. We didn't anything like that in. And the reality is more smaller we define it as something over $1 million, which can happen. And we talked about this in our guidance and what was out there when we first launched it.
Jeff Feeler: Yeah, Michael. We have a number of different projects that are going to be mandated by regulatory drivers oppose it. But your bigger question is what the industries are facing with right now with driver shortages is real. I mean we're not the only one navigating it. Everybody else is navigating it, and it does create a headwind and we called it out. So when you look at risks into just project based work and even to a certain degree, our base business that has some inherent risks. I know that everybody is trying to - is looking forward to government programs getting released and other things like that, so hopefully more people enter the labor market. But that is a real risk that we're navigating, along with others in the space. So I can't quantify what that can do, but the reality is it's inherent in what we're dealing with right now.
Jeff Feeler: And I'll just add, Jeff, on that is we have a couple of hundred plus positions open that we're actively recruiting for. And it comes back to that fundamental is there's 9 plus million people in the United States alone that are sitting on the sidelines today. And all the data shows that there's over 9 million of job openings. So the reality is there is some impacts that we're hoping that we'll release here in the coming months on there to help mitigate what we're seeing. But we're competing for talent. We're trying to get talent. If we had more people, we would be able to drive more revenue. We are being held back on our growth potential right now because of labor. And we're trying to diligently compete for that and be able to get good talent in and being able to service our customers. But it is a reality we're facing right now.
Jeff Feeler: Yeah. Jeff, I'll just add a little bit to this. I think the global takeaway on this is we do have the ability to push pricing through as Steve just talked about. And it depends based on contractual arrangements and that type of thing and the timing thereof. The caution we put up is we're –we've been able to manage all the inflationary pressures for the most part to the first half of the year. Really, the notifications we're starting to see now and what we kind of put a headwind in part of our guidance is we're starting to see more of those starting to come through in the back half of the year. And we're really analyzing what the overall impacts are and timing of when we can actually start adjusting price, especially since we already did one price increase earlier this year. The last thing we want to do is be in raising prices every week on our customers because it's not good. So we're trying to get our arms around all of that determine the best strategies of when we go to market to make sure we can fully capture what we're seeing. And that's why we put a headwind it may not be fully implemented by 2021 and really focused on 2022.
Jeff Feeler: Great. I just want to thank those for attending the call today and look forward to updating you in coming quarters.
Simon Bell: This is Simon here, Michael. Some of the comparables you're talking about, would they include the services component because I'm not sure that all of them do, which would also impact that incremental margin when comparing to just the disposal assets.
Simon Bell: Yeah. Jeff, this is Simon. The drivers are certainly the most challenging in terms of labor shortages. But the short of it is, yes, we're seeing challenges across the board, chemical operators, equipment operators, just general labor. It's different in different regions. But certainly, we're having some pockets where we're having challenges, and we're not able to fully realize the full potential of jobs out there. We've got a lot of programs moving, which we think are going to help us there. But, yes, it is beyond drivers.
Simon Bell: I mean, it's really defining the operating leverage these landfills have those incremental tons that come through really flow down to the bottom line.
Simon Bell: Yeah. This is Simon. I would say 2022 is going to be another heavy spend on the landfill side. So I would expect probably a slight increase over 2021, then 2023 kind of returning lowering maybe to mid 80s and then really seeing benefits into the '24, '25 because of the reduction in the landfill spend. It was just a case, and it would be a long explanation, but we have to - with the most efficient thing and it made the most sense for us to build a large portion of the landfill in '21 and '22, pulling some of that spend forward, but we should see the benefits moving into '23, '24.
Simon Bell: Yes. Again, this is Simon. Tyler, it's something we're watching very closely, and we've heard about some of these slowdowns. But the corridors that we're using today, I'm not seeing a lot of impacts, not seeing a lot of delays that may be in part because a lot of the material comes from out East and heads East and maybe they're not dealing with the wildfires like they are out West. So something on the rail side today, I would call it stable, but carefully watching it.
Tyler Brown: Okay. That's helpful. And then on the energy waste side, again, kind of just like a funny change to the guide because you raised revenue by $3 million, but EBITDA by $6 million. And you guys talked about - I mean, again, I'm just kind of confused as to why that would go up so much.
Tyler Brown: Okay. So you have those incremental cost cuts layering in, okay. And then just, again - just kind of, this is hastily put together, but it looks like the overall corporate costs also we're going to be higher, but I would have thought that incentive compensation would have been a cushion there or is that not the case? Again, this is all relative to the last guide, not to last year, but relative to the last guide.
Tyler Brown: Okay. Super helpful. And then on the interest cost and tax rate, just to make sure we have that I know you changed your credit agreement a little bit.
Tyler Brown: Okay. Yeah. It could be your traffic mix, not to get into a long discussion about this, but yes, that makes sense.
