Don Slager: Thanks, Chuck. To conclude, our first quarter results were consistent with our expectations and keep us on track to achieve our full-year guidance. I’m proud of how the Republic team continued to execute our strategy of profitable growth through differentiation and our performance reflects our hard work. We will continue to deliver on our promises to our key stakeholders, including our customers, communities, employees and shareholders. At this time, operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Don Slager: Yes. So I don’t think the extra workday surprised us. The weather was certainly – if you compare the weather in Q1 to Q1 last year, the weather was much milder, which we like. The standard answer we tend to give in Q1 on this kind of thing is that a big, important quarter for us is Q2, Andrew, as we see the normal seasonality return. So we’re very happy with the trends. We know there’s a lot of good construction activity going on out there that’s driving our volume growth. As I said in my comments, a lot of this is kind of the event business. Construction, special waste doing well. So we’d like to think it will continue into Q2. Again, the weather comp would be a different than Q2 over last year. But there is no doubt that it’s fairly robust out there.
Don Slager: Look, we would say that our volume guidance – we probably feel like it’s going to be closer to the high end of that range based on how strong Q1 was. So that’s the math we are trying to do. We would agree with it. Keep in mind, we gave that guidance because we’ve got a little bit of loss business coming up in some of the residential contracts that we expect to lose because we couldn’t negotiate reasonable rates to extend the business. So we know that’s coming later in the year that will offset a little bit, but we’ll see probably volume at the higher end of the range.
Don Slager: So I said in my comments, we’re up to $325 million now. That’s quite a bit more than 10% of our total. I think we’re picking up a little bit of speed. I would say it’s – I think, let’s say, it’s getting easier because our people are getting more confident in their ability to have the conversation with customers. As I probably said you before, it’s all about fairness, coming up with an escalator that both the customer and the provider can live with that’s fair based on reasonable inflationary costs. So we’re making headway. We’ll continue to do so. I think the market is becoming more – I would say more adjusted to it. And so, we’ll see how it goes through time. But we’re fairly positive.
Don Slager: Yeah. So defection, if we’re talking about defection, that’s pretty flat compared to last year. And customer churn, overall, is flattish, but I would say, on a longer trajectory, we continue to see the benefits of our pricing tools, Capture, et cetera, to help us to do a better job with churn.
Don Slager: Yeah, Tyler, you can tell by Chuck’s detailed answer that we spent a lot of time digging into this claim data. So we think that Q1 is somewhat of an anomaly here.
Don Slager: And, Corey, one of the ways you may want to think of it too is, if you take a look at $160 million that we reported in the first quarter, if you normalize the CapEx, so had we only purchased 25% of full year guidance, that would have added $50 million to our performance, which would’ve put us around $210 million. You can do the math on that and see what that extrapolates to the year.
Don Slager: Let’s think about it this way, Joe. You look at the EBITDA margin that we reported, 27.8%, add back, to your point, 40 basis points for the health expense. And then keep in mind that, during Q1, you had your seasonally highest SG&A. So we’re 10.7% versus our guidance of about 10.5% for the year. It’s another 20 basis points. So a total of 60 basis points. Add that back to the 27.8% and you get 28.4%, which is right in line with our guidance for the year.
Don Slager: Well, starting out, let’s back up to recent year highs. In recycling, today, we are down over like $120 million…
Don Slager: Yeah, right. So that’s what we were enjoying, whatever it was, seven, eight years ago. So we realigned the organization, so we said it will be focused on getting better profitability cost structure on the processing side. Those folks are doing a great job at that. We need to migrate that over to the collection side now and into some of the hauling contracts. It’s going to take a little while. We probably have some routes out there that are dense enough that may never have enough participation or density to make sense, so we’re going to be addressing that in the open market certainly and maybe even some other contractual stuff. We’ve got to make more headway with our municipal partners. And as I said in my comments, we’ve got some examples where we’re negotiating glass surcharges. We’re taking glass out. We are changing the rebate structure, the fee-based etc. So we’re getting better at it, but we are very, very early innings. I think we are much farther along in moving the municipal contracts to the new index. We’ve got more momentum there. We’re breathing some fire now into the recycling collection business to move those contracts. I don’t know how long it’s going to take, Joe. It’s going to depend a little bit on – what the market dynamic is. But we’re not going to be caught with getting drunk again on high commodity prices. We’ve got to fix the business for good, get to the right sharing with our customer base. As I always say, and as I said in my comments, sustainability doesn’t work without profitability. That’s what we’re focused on. And we are not going to do business that has diminishing returns.
Don Slager: So, again, with everybody listening – hopefully, a lot of my teammates at Republic – we absolutely, positively can’t be entering into contracts with escalators that don’t keep pace with our net inflation, inflation net of productivity. We’ve got to be equal or better. And as I’ve said many times, for decades, as long as I’ve been around, that CPI worked great, it was fair. We need to get to fairness again. And so, my viewpoint is all contracts have to be converted to a metric or an escalator that’s fair and reasonable. And so, we’re tackling this base. We said, look, we’ve got $2.5 billion of this business. About $800 million of that $2.5 billion is the smaller contracts. That’s what we went to work first. Now, we’ve got $325 million of that converted. Now, we’re working toward bigger contracts. We’re, right now, as we speak, talking to customers, some very large customers, about this very thing. And I think at some point we’ll have made some of those conversions successful and the market will continue to move. So if you take a look at our pricing, this quarter, at 2% yield, we’ve been north of 2% now for a few quarters. What keeps holding that back down is residential. And so, we’re very, very close to hitting this overarching metric for us of getting back to a day where yield surpasses inflation on a regular and consistent basis. So we are right on the cusp of that. And so, we’re going to keep pushing the new metric. I don’t have an exact date in mind when we can get there. I know we’re making progress, Michael. You can tell by the determination of my voice that we’re kind of at a place we’re not taking no for an answer because we just can’t be in a situation where we have these large contracts with all the exposure and declining returns. It’s just not feasible or it’s not practical.
Don Slager: No, I don’t think so, Michael. I think that – I don’t know that we necessarily need to smooth it. Part of the noise that I think that we might be seeing in the first quarter has to do with the workday. And we need to keep in mind that that reverses in Q4, so there’s going to be a little pick up there when that happens. But I would say that, right now, we feel pretty comfortable with our adjusted EBITDA margin guidance that we gave of 28.5% for the year.
Don Slager: And, Michael, maybe to your question, as Chuck kind of mentioned, second half probably looks better than first half because in the second half we have one less work day whereas in the first half we had the one more. So maybe that’s the way you want to think about it.
Don Slager: No, we didn’t update our guidance. That’s something that we typically save for the second quarter. And right now, what we said is that we feel comfortable and we’re on track with our guidance.
Don Slager: No, not really. Not for us. We look at leachate as being somewhat unique to the individual landfill. It really is about the geology of the individual landfills and also the weather that exists, whether it’s a dry climate or wet. Obviously, in the Southwest, we don’t have a lot of leachate. We don’t have a lot of rain. We’ve got arid climate, so the water evaporates. We’ve got some landfills that have in-gradient water flows that we’ve got to deal with. So that’s a little bit of a different issue. So really site-specific. The leachate cost that we saw in Q1 was really more about a seasonally wet – an unusually seasonally wet quarter. Having said that, landfills are more expensive to own and operate every day and every year and we’re constantly evaluating our cost structure and constantly looking for ways to effectively pass along price increases into the market that makes sense, to capture the cost inflation. We’ve got to manage these things responsibly and be good environmental stewards and we’ll continue to do that. For us, leachate is really more of a site-specific issue. But that’s all I can tell you. As we look at the quarter, there’s nothing else for us really going on broadly with our leachate story.
Don Slager: Well, no. I think specific construction volume is strong – one, because of the unusual weather. But Q2 is where we tend to see the seasonal pickups and we certainly expect to see that. Event business – the special waste business was strong in Q1. There’s no concern that we have there overall. We’re still only at, what, 1.1 million new home starts. Single-family home starts are actually up, right, on a year-over-year basis. So that bodes well for us. We tend to lag that. So as long as that continues, I think that’s what drives more and more growth in our market. On a total macro basis, we’re feeling really good.
Don Slager: Six, seven years. Its average over that time is 1.6%. Our costs don’t average 1.6%. So you can just do some math and figure out what kind of margin erosion we had there in that space. That’s why we’re so adamant about changing the indices to something that’s fair and reasonable. So we get to do a negotiation with the residential customer who can’t seem to understand that degree of fairness, we can’t enter into extending contracts that continue to decline and go below our reasonable rate of return. So ultimately we have to grow the ROI in the business. And so, your point is, over time, that’s a good thing. We either have to shed business that doesn’t equal the right return or we have to get a pricing scenario that is reasonable for both parties. And that’s the story. It’s the same story with national accounts and some of the broker business.
Don Slager: Well, if you think about places that have really mild weather, the Atlantic area, Philadelphia, Carolinas, Chicago and Boston, places like that that just had very mild, mild winter, I would point those out specifically. We didn’t see much difference here in Arizona quite frankly. But that gives you some idea.
Don Slager: Keep in mind also that it is less than 1% of our revenues, so the impact on the entire company is pretty small.
Don Slager: Well, as I said in my comments earlier, leachate is really two things. We talk about it being site-specific. It’s really about geology and weather. If you have a large landfill with a big open face that’s not covered, then you get a lot of rainfall. All that rainfall goes into your landfill and becomes leachate. Okay? If you are in an arid clime where we don’t have leachate or don’t have rainfall you don’t have a problem. So it’s very site-specific. And again, we have a lot of rainfall in certain parts of the country. In certain parts here, we have snow normally. Snow tends to fall and sit on top of the landfill and then evaporate before it melts. Rainfall tends to get inside your landfill. I’m not a weatherman, but that’s kind of how it works out. So we have a number of closed landfills certainly. Some of those are so closed that they’re inert and there’s virtually no leachate coming out of them. So once you completely cap the landfill and it’s in a completely closed state, there’s no more rain water getting in the landfill. So it’s just about timing I guess when it comes to that point. For us, we don’t have from our perspective – as I said on an earlier question – a broad-based concern about leachate today. We have some specific sites that saw more leachate in the quarter because of rainfall and we are dealing with that through normal operating expense.
Don Slager: Yeah. I’m not sure I totally understand your question. I can’t tell you off the top of my head the exact percentage of our leachate that comes from closed landfills and open landfills, but the majority of our leachate comes from open operating landfills. As I said, the longer the landfill is capped and closed, the less leachate is present in the landfill.
Don Slager: Our leachate expense was normal across the company with the exception of those sites that saw a much higher level of rainfall than normal. Or potentially a landfill that was in the midst of construction and rainfall event while part of the landfill was open where normally it wouldn’t be. But other than that, our leachate expense across the company net of those landfills is just inflating at what would be normal inflation rate.
Don Slager: And so, we generally – to your pricing question, we generally deal with leachate expense and the cost of leachate expense through our environmental recovery fee with our landfill customers. And so, over time, we have raised our environment recovery fee to deal with certain issues like leachate expense and we’ve done that very effectively over recent years and customers seem to understand that. So that’s been our mechanism to deal with it.
Don Slager: Thank you, Denise. I would like to thank all of Republic’s employees for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence in creating the Republic way. Thanks for spending time with us today and have a good evening. Be safe out there.
Chuck Serianni: So, Andrew, you can expect to see residential volumes approximately negative 1% because of the losses that Don had talked about for the full year and that’s what brings us closer to the 1% total volume growth.
Chuck Serianni: Sure. So we expect right now that cost as a percentage of revenues for maintenance will decline sequentially for the remainder of the year. We also expect that exiting 2016 that that cost will be lower than what we experienced in 2015. So I would say that the trajectory is going in the right direction here.
Chuck Serianni: And when you’re looking at the costs year-over-year on a dollar basis, Tyler, keep in mind that about half of that increase almost is due to volume and acquisitions. You’ve got some timing issues in there also with some heavy equipment. And then, as Don had mentioned, we’re making a push right now to get this OneFleet maintenance initiative all the way through the organization. So that’s what’s causing this to be a little bit higher on a dollar basis year-over-year.
Chuck Serianni: So we’re not expecting it to recur. It’s about $9 million in terms of dollars on a year-over-year basis. When we look at the portfolio claims that we got during the first quarter, it had to do with, what we would say, very unusual items. So think about complications associated with implants. Think about gastrointestinal infections. These aren’t types of claims that we typically get. Most of our claims are musculoskeletal. This is totally unusual for us. And we talked to our experts about this, and they said, yes, it’s very unusual for you. It’s very unusual for companies in the transportation industry. But in their experience, on the portfolio of businesses that they look at, every once in a while, you have one of these Black Swan events. We continue to monitor the expenses in April and they are actually coming down to normalized levels. And so, that gives us more confidence saying that this was a one-time blip in these claims.
Chuck Serianni: Yes. So absolutely in line with what we had expected. When you look at it quarter-over-quarter, you’ve got about $70 million more CapEx during 2016 than we had in 2015. That’s associated with truck purchases that we made, having to do with some contracts in Northern California. And then we had some working capital items also. So the timing of payroll, we actually had an extra payroll during the quarter. Also, higher incentive compensation that was paid during the quarter versus last year. So all timing related. And still feel very comfortable with our annual guidance of $820 million to $840 million.
Chuck Serianni: Okay. So in terms of the impact of the net fuel on margins, it was about 20 basis points of negative. So keep in mind that what you’re doing is you’re pulling that revenue off, and so it’s having an adverse impact on the margins overall. So that was about 20 basis points. In terms of the initiatives, during the quarter, we had about $3 million in savings. We expect that to go up, maybe closer to $5 million to $6 million in savings on a quarterly basis. But also keep in mind that what we had guided to was the fact that we would have some initiative investments during the year that would offset that. So I would say that, right now, we’re right on track in terms of our initiative savings or realignment savings.
Chuck Serianni: Too often – sometimes the answer is timing and mix, Michael, right? That’s kind of what Brian said. But you’re right, [indiscernible] quarter was very strong. If you take out some of the anomalies, call it just healthcare, some of the leachate expense, some of that stuff, I look at like we had a [indiscernible] quarter. We’ve got a little bit of noise with a few items. And we’ve got a little bit of – as Chuck described with the residential volume, we’ve got couple of blips on the horizon there with some contracts we’ll walk away from. We talked in the comments about some volume where non-regrettable volume loss with national accounts and brokers. So there is some of that noise in the system, but we’re really confident in the guidance and in the margin. And more importantly, in the actions we’re taking and in the way the team is executing.
Chuck Serianni: We set out the year with a target of spending $100 million and spending that $100 million primarily in tuck-ins and primarily within the same EBITDA range that we had over the last couple of years. And we still today think that we’ll accomplish that goal. We’ve got a real slow start here on the year. But we think we will exit the year having very wisely spent $100 million and invested it in some really good tuck-in assets.
Chuck Serianni: Generally speaking, the business is performing somewhat like we thought it would. We knew it would be weaker because this year than maybe we thought when we started the business. But we budgeted essentially for that. Probably a little bit weaker overall, but I think the thing that we always want to point out is we think ultimately through the cycle that that business is going to come back and perform well for the company.
Chuck Serianni: And just to put a finer point on that, with the areas – the landfills that we saw that had an increase in leachate, they were active landfills in the areas that had very, very heavy rains during the quarter.
Chuck Serianni: And keep in mind also, when we cap our landfills, there is a synthetic liner that is put on top of it that prevents the leachate from going into the landfill – the rainfall.
Chuck Serianni: Because again, to us, it’s not that important. And we’re not economists either. Our total C&D for the company is about 8%. And at its peak, it was 12%. Okay? At its peak. So we think about – I always think about it this way. Again, back to housing starts, we’ve said for many moons now, our business grows with population growth that drives household formation, that drives business formation. And while the household formation creates – business formation does create some construction debris, what we really like to see is it creates the ongoing recurring revenue part of our business which is the small container, large container pickups and pulls that are ongoing. That’s the part of our business that’s kind of our bread and butter. And we know that the construction is going to ebb and flow a little bit with the economy. Having said that, housing starts are 1.1 million. The 50 year average, if we take the peak out, is a 1.5 million. Most people I talk to that are in the housing business are pretty bullish on housing continuing to improve. I mentioned that single family housing is – home starts is up like 20%. And you know we lag sort of a year plus when that’s happening. So we think [indiscernible] strong temp volume, 13% in that space. So we’ll continue to do that. So we feel overall pretty positive about the macro.
