Donald W. Slager: Well. Look, if you think about the industry being $60 billion and what do we say $30 billion of it's still in the hands of private entrepreneurs.
Donald W. Slager: 35%. So, there is a big chunk out there. The issue really comes to – and you've heard me say this before most likely, we're not incenting people to sell their businesses. We're buying good quality businesses from good quality operators. People are getting to a place in the life cycle of their business where selling the company is an option. And that may be because of their life plan, their succession plan, their age, you name it. But it's been a good robust pipeline. We think the pipeline remains robust into next year. We think we continue to deploy, call it that, $100 million, $150 million a year for several years at least because that's sort of the timetable or the sales cycle, the pipeline we look at. So as far as your antitrust question, when you think about this business, it still remains a local business. When we think about having a first or second market position, which we do across 95% of our revenue, having a first market position may mean – it may start with the fact that you're vertically integrated, but it may mean you only have a market share of 25% or 30%. And so, there's plenty of room to grow our share of a market through tuck-in acquisitions for quite a few years to come. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Great. And just a follow-up question on recycling. The actions you're taking are very encouraging. I guess, it revolves mostly around contract renegotiations. And so, just curious whether you think you have to spend capital in the recycling business today or maybe at a later stage or maybe that's off the table? And then maybe for Chuck, is the recycling headwind $0.30 that's baked into the guidance? Thank you.
Donald W. Slager: All right. I'll start and let Chuck finish up. I think you asked three questions there, Hamzah. So, the first one is, look – and I may have to say it a couple of more times on this call, because I'm sure it's on everyone's mind. And I said it in the prepared remarks. This issue that we're facing right now emanating from China, while it's really painful in 2018, it really is overall a good thing. And so, I'm really optimistic about this serving as the catalyst needed to actually change, then fix the business. So as we said before, recycling is a product our customers want to buy. It's a growing part of the waste stream. It's a business we want to be in because we want to be a good partner to our customers. The fact is our customers are voting with their wallets and they are paying more for recycling. We've been very effective raising prices in the open market on recycling without losing volume. It's the contractual nature of the municipal business, contracts that are sort of five years on average, and the nature of municipal budgets and sort of a political aspect of too many decision makers in the process that slow us down there. But the good news is individuals, consumers want to recycle, staff wants to recycle and certainly city councils and mayors don't want to give up recycling. So, we think there is a lot of room here to finally fix the business. I said in my remarks, we've talked to the lion's share of our 1,100 customers already and we're getting good results. We've already renegotiated some contracts with new pricing ahead of the contract date. We have a lot of customers already taking our advice and thinking about new ways to do things. We certainly have a handful of customers who kind of scoffed at it. We'll have to reassess whether we like that partnership or not. Partnership's a two-way street. We're making a lot of progress. There is a lot of room for pricing here and we're going to really use this opportunity to fix this business. And the one point I'll make too is when we break this down to the absolute lowest common denominator, a household, a household is paying on average in the country $25 a month for twice-a-week service; one's for trash, one's recycling. Let's say that's $20 on trash and $5 on recycling. That $5 needs to be $10 or $12. So, we're not talking about amount of money that breaks the bank for an individual rate payer and that's what lawmakers, city councils, and people need to understand. And I think the average citizen who wants to recycle and do good things for the environment will be more than willing to do that to make this right. And so, that is the road we're going down. So, as far as CapEx, we will invest in CapEx. These won't be new facilities. These will be some advanced technology. So we've already invested some CapEx in sorting equipments, some robotics, things like that. We'll continue to do that, but that won't be a material change in our capital spending, Hamzah. I'll turn it over to Chuck.
Donald W. Slager: Okay. Again, a multi-faceted question. So, let's start with labor. We are seeing some increases in labor cost, in direct labor and that is a result – let's start with the good news, right. That is the result of a strong economy. So, the underlying factor here is a strong economy. A strong economy helps our business beat (25:02) from a growth perspective. The fact that there are some labor increase also drives some inflation across the board and we've always said a little inflation is good for us. Remember, we've got a big chunk of business still. Even though we're making a big dent in that restricted market, we still have some business that escalates with CPI. So, the fact that there's a little more inflation that will come back to us through CPI pricing as well. As relates to labor for us, we are in some markets, in select markets raising some wages and, frankly, rethinking some of our pay plans. Because here's the thing, we're focused on being an employer of choice, being a great place to work, attracting the best and brightest people. We're going to continue to do that, we believe the market pay. But the backdrop to that is our turnover is low. And it's dramatically lower than general industry. It's lower than trucking by a long shot. And in the waste space, we think our turnover is lower than anybody's, and specifically drivers and techs – in fact, our tech turnover went down year-over-year. So again, when we talk about employee engagement, do the right thing by people, and being that great place to work, we're really serious about it, and that's one of the things, I think, that's helped us offset some of these pressures in the labor market. But we'll see a little pressure there. And then as it relates to some of the long-haul waste transfer business, we'll see a little pressure there. But the fact is, if those are structural changes, that allows us a room to price, right, because these type of things affect all companies. They don't just affect one company. We think they'll affect us less because of our focus on people and talent and turnover and the work environment. But we'll use the opportunity for pricing and we'll gain the advantage from how it affects CPI. In all other instances, there's a delay. Right? You've got to review, but we're being responsive. So, we'll see more price in the second half of the year. Our RPM process, which you know is we don't just price once a year all the same time, we price throughout the year. So we've got still four buckets of price through the remainder of the year that we can lever up on in the open market, we'll do that to start to make up for it. And we'll push for pricing that looks more like a 3% yield, frankly. And that's the conversations we're having internally.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So, to use easy math, we're still about 60% domestic and about 40% that we export, right. And again, that's general math. Don't hold me to those exact numbers. But use 60/40 to make the discussion easy. We've moved material away from China. We're virtually sending nothing to China today. We're still very closely in contact with our partners in China who have had to shut down a capacity because there is no inflow of material. They, I think, would agree with us, the demand for packaging is not lessening. In fact, most people you talk to, if not all people you talk to, believe that two things are true. The demand for paper packaging is going to continue to increase. If people continue to use virgin fiber pulp, then the price for pulp's going to continue to increase. And then we get into this nice supply and demand economy again. The fact that we've been able to move paper pretty easily to other markets says a lot about our team and our capability and the fact that the packaging demand remains. And then just like in the big macro picture, the fact that you've got – and you can argue where and how much, but sort of an expanding economy of people who want to buy goods and services, right? So, you want to call it a middle class or an emerging class in markets globally. So, I think those macro trends continue, so the demand will be there. The supply, I think, when we talk to customers, they want to recycle, in the open market, the fact that we've aggressively raised prices on recycling and haven't lost customers, because frankly people are saying, hey, I'm okay paying just about as much for recycling as I do for trash, because I've got to carry it out to my dumpster anyways, I might as well feel good about doing something for the environment. And that's – I'm oversimplifying. That's generally the vibe that we're getting from our customers. So, we're going to continue to be a good partner. This is going to be a slow go as we continue to turn contracts over. The supply/demand economy is global, so it's going to take time. There are going to be other investments in domestic mills. These Chinese mills are going to look for other ways to clean up the paper, and there's a lot of ideas on the table. So, this will take a few years to work out. And in the meantime, as I said, and I'll say it over and over again, this in the long term is a good thing. We at Republic Services run the business for the long term. We don't get excited about something that's temporary in nature that makes our quarter hard or our year hard. This is going to be a good thing when we're all said and done, and it'll take a little time to sort out, but we're being very opportunistic and very optimistic.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah, that's a great point. Right? So, I think we should focus on that, because that's the trend – the underlying trend in the business. And I think it also demonstrates the sort of internal discipline that we use when determining what business we're going to do, what business we're not going to do.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. And Tyler, as Chuck said, I'm sure a lot of our Republic leaders are listening, a lot of our field leaders, general managers, and sales managers are listening. They know the pricing is going to be picking up in the second half. We're going to recoup some of this recycling. We're going to take advantage of the growing market. I said, defection is down sub-7%, almost as low as 6%, the second quarter in a row. We've got more room and – we've got more room to price in the market. We've got a reason to price with the recycling issues in China and with some of this labor costs. And then CPI is going to pick up, right, because we're going to start to see those second half reset, so it will start to come back.
Donald W. Slager: Yes, that's not the back half, but that's where we think we can go, right. And we've been there before. That's not a number we've never seen. And it's in this kind of a growing economy with a strong CPI, with good organic growth, that does impact market behavior, and we think we can get back there.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah, yeah. With inflationary environment, we've got to be north of that, and you heard the comments said earlier, we're going to – I mean that's where we got to go.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So, remember, we've talked about this before, I think on this call, there are three ways that we deal sort of with recycling, right? One is, where we go out and collect it in the open market with our small container, large container business, where we're negotiating really directly with customers, one-on-one kind of negotiations with proprietors and decision makers. In that business, we have been raising prices over the last couple of years and here more recently very effectively. And when I say customers have voted with their wallets, those customers have said, I want to continue to recycle, even though recycling now costs almost as much as trash removal for those customers. So, that has been a good business for us. We have a lane, if you will, where waste – or recycling material comes to our facilities that we don't collect. We've been pretty effective in getting that business converted and there's more work to do, but those customers have been open to the conversation and we're moving that business. And then, the last is this big municipal piece, right? And as I said in my comments, the actual rate payer is paying very little per month for recycling. So, the idea of doubling or tripling their rate is miniscule in the scheme of things, it's a cup of designer coffee. I'm not a coffee drinker. But it's not that much compared to what they pay for cable, for Internet, for all of their other sort of habits. Trash and recycling is sort of a necessary service, and recycling is something they want to do. But when you aggregate that spend to 10,000 residents, then the decision maker gets nervous, right, because it becomes a big dollar amount. We've got to continue to break it down to the lowest denominator. And those are conversations we're having, because the consumer, ultimately, the voter, wants to recycle and they want a company like Republic, that's a good partner, that will do the job for them. We're only going to invest in recycling where the returns are warranted and where the construct of the contract is fair and reasonable and equitable. And we're going to, along the way, find partners. They're great partners. And we're going to, along the way, find partners who we're going to have to reevaluate the value of their partnership, because they don't want to understand this. That's what we're at. And that's okay, because this business will sort of work through that. And so again, it's a good opportunity. It's a stinker right now in 2018, but we're – the strength of solid waste is overtaking it. There'll be headwind in 2019 and 2020 as we start to climb out of it – I mean, tailwind.
Donald W. Slager: Look, Mike, first, on the growth, the underlying growth, 1% to 2%, we think that's realistic. Give us a little time to see how the rest of the year comes in and how things sort of normalize. But the underlying fundamentals, again, population growth, household formation, all things we look at still indicate there's room to run. You know that we're well-situated across our markets with strong position. We get our fair share of the growth along the way. So, we've got high confidence in that. We'll talk – we'll file a report on 2019 when we get to that junction, right. On pricing, especially hear this, right, we've seen 3% and 3.5% yields in the past when the economy has been strong. We're enjoying one of the strongest economies we've seen in a long time. And we've got a really great story to tell and the economy in the solid waste business is what is overcoming this struggle with recycling, but we're going to fix that too. So, my point about 3% price, as Tyler said, that is aspirational, but it's very doable. And there's conversation we're having today in the building. We're talking with our revenue management team and we're taking with our operating team, and we're having those conversations, because – and the market will allow it, the value we provide will allow it, and there are some structural changes that we take a fairness approach with customers that we can go ask for legitimately. And CPI is – almost $600 million now of the restricted book now is converted. We're going to continue – we're not done yet. We're going to hit $600 million, then we're going to take on $700 million. So CPI, by itself, is on the rise. So, all these things are good factors. I mean the fact that the underlying solid waste business is strong, a good economy, operationally, we're solid, the fact that we've got this great workforce and low turnover, we've got a ton of other metrics that we watch that we don't share with you, obviously, that all tell us really story. We're going to continue to build on the success and then we're going to turn this recycling thing around and it's going to be a happy day. So, more to come. And these things start to anniversary into 2019 and help us build a strong 2019. And that wasn't guidance.
Donald W. Slager: Well, first of all, as far as CapEx goes, we've always guided, CapEx is 10% of revenue. So when revenue's growing, as volume's growing, deploying CapEx to capture that volume, that's the best way our owners would like us to see us deploy cash, right? So, we do that very effectively. There's not latent capacity in the business because the business has been growing for some time now. So, as it relates to the staffing model, again, we have low turnover. We've held the line very well year-over-year. Some of this wage inflation that we talked about is in select markets, but we're handling that well. And in fact, our time to fill open positions is actually down year-over-year. And we track a lot of really cool metrics here. So, our people are doing a great job of attracting good people. We've got great training programs to bring people into the pipeline. So, I think we're poised to again handle the growth that comes us. Remember, solid waste, that 1% to 2% organic growth, we're not talking about light speed here. But when you factor in a very nice steady diet of 1% to 2% volume, price in excess of inflation, the model sings a very nice song and we're going to continue to build on a great cash flow. So, as someone would like to say, follow the cash. Look at the cash flow of the business. We're very happy with what we're doing in the underlying business. And frankly, we're very certain that this is the moment when the waste industry is going to fix this recycling thing for good.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, Austin. In closing, I think as I just said we're very pleased with our second quarter performance, strong solid waste fundamentals together with relentless operational execution. I love when the team is relentless. Resulting in a double-digit growth in both earnings and free cash flow. And despite the recycling headwinds, we are reiterating our original guidance, which represented 20% growth in earnings and free cash flow per share versus the prior year. We will continue to manage the business, create long-term value and remain focused on executing our strategy of profitable growth through differentiation. I'd like to thank the entire Republic team, all the employees for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence and creating this thing we called The Republic Way. Thanks, everybody. Thank you for spending time with us today. Have a good evening, and please, please be safe out there.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. To Hamzah, in terms of your question, so in our guide right now is $0.30 to $0.32 of headwind associated with recycling business. And the good news is that that's been offset by the solid waste business. The solid waste business continues to perform very, very well. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Great. Thank you.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah, Noah. Probably, a little negative in the second half of the year. But right now, we had guided to zero to 25 basis points of volume growth for the year. And right now, we're thinking we're going to at or slightly above that 25 basis points.
Charles F. Serianni: No, it's really the M&A. So, obviously, $50 million more than what we had anticipated. There are also a little bit more in terms of CapEx, about $20 million. It's what we're anticipating and that's really due to fund the growth that we're seeing in the business. Those are the moving items.
Charles F. Serianni: Well, keep in mind that the fuel – there's a lag on the fuel, right. And so, in a rising fuel environment, we get a little bit of a headwind associated with that. And obviously, that reverses when fuel goes in the opposite direction when it decreases. What Don had talked about is that we're beginning to see a little bit more wage inflation in the core business and that's happening in select markets. And that is actually eating into a little bit that SG&A benefit, Tyler, that we saw down – below operating expenses. But once again, that's something that we're aware of and something that the pricing team is going to take into consideration second half of this year and into 2019 as we develop our pricing strategy.
Charles F. Serianni: So on the restricted piece, we anniversaried a significant price increase with a very large municipal customer, and so you see a little bit of a price decrease there, sequentially. But once again, we said that's going to pick up in the second half of the year, right? And I would say, in the open market, the core prices continues to be very, very strong. This is the 20th quarter in a row that we've seen core price at 4% or higher in the open market. So, we continue to perform very, very well there.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So, the statutory tax rate's going to be a little over 27%. And so, without giving guidance, right now that's kind of our best guesstimate, maybe a little bit less than that.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. I mean, there is an improvement in the solid waste business, Michael. Let me try and figure the easiest way to explain this. Let me do it this way. So, original guidance of $3.05 to the $3.10, right? A recycling headwind right now, we're saying, is going to be about $0.26. Right? But improvement in the solid waste business, above and beyond what was in the original guidance, of $0.10. And then you've got $0.04 from the CNG tax credit, and then another $0.12 from the tax rate. And that's what gets you back to the $3.05 to the $3.10. But to your point, the solid waste portion of the business is performing better than we originally expected.
Charles F. Serianni: The benefit from tax reform, and this is important, that was already included in the $3.05 to $3.10 that was already included in our original guidance. So, the remaining $0.12 in tax rate, that's other tax opportunities that we were able to take advantage of this year.
Charles F. Serianni: Absolutely. So, think about it this way. The solid waste piece of the business is up 16% from where we thought it would be.
Charles F. Serianni: Here's what I would say, is that right now, we're getting a decent return on recycling, but it's not where it needs to be. We need something a little bit higher and that's why we're focused on all of these different action items, the pricing and also on taking costs out of the system. So, obviously, the headwind that we're seeing with commodity prices, $160 million roughly year-over-year, it's huge. But we are very confident that we have the action items in place and the people in place to fix this portion of the business, and we will get an appropriate return on the business.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So for the year, we're expecting EBITDA margin to be about 28%. And just to put that in context for you, what we're expecting right now is solid waste margin expansion of 60 basis points to 80 basis points, and then recycling being a headwind about 120 basis points to 140 basis points. And we are, obviously, expecting the margins to improve in the back half of the year. Once again, on the back of the solid – the continued strength in the solid waste business.
Charles F. Serianni: It goes down Q – It actually goes down Q3 to Q4, steps down a little bit, as you would expect because of the seasonality in the business.
