Charles F. Serianni: Thanks, Don. Second quarter revenue was approximately $2.5 billion, an increase of $176 million or 7.5% over the prior year This 7.5% increase in revenue includes internal growth of 7.2% and acquisitions of 30 basis points. The components of internal growth are as follows: First, average yield increased 2.5%. Average yield in the collection business was 3.1%, which included 4.2% yield in the small container business, 3% yield in the large container business and 1.9% yield in the residential business. Average yield in the post-collection business was 80 basis points, which included landfill MSW of 1.8%. A majority of our third-party landfill MSW business is with municipal customers that have contracts containing pricing restrictions. Total core price, which measures price increases less rollbacks, was 4.1%. Core price consisted of 5.3% in the open market and 2.2% in the restricted portion of our business. Pricing in the restricted portion of our business benefited from an improved inflationary environment and our focus on earning an appropriate return on our contracts as they renew. The second component of internal growth is total volume, which increased 1.9% over the prior year. Volumes in the collection business increased 40 basis points. This included a 1.9% increase in our large container business and a 50 basis point increase in our residential business, partially offset by a 90 basis point decrease in our small container business. Small container volumes included a 140 basis point impact from intentionally shedding certain work performed on behalf of brokers, which we view as non-regrettable. Excluding these losses, small container volumes would have increased 50 basis points. Within our large container business, temporary C&D hauls were up 1.7% and recurring hauls were up 1.9%. The post-collection business, made up of third-party landfill and transfer station volumes, increased 8.7%. Landfill volumes increased 8.4% which included C&D of 17.5%, special waste of 15% and MSW of 1.1%. The third component of internal growth is fuel recovery fees, which increased 60 basis points. The increase relates to a rise in the cost of fuel. The average price per gallon of diesel increased to $2.55 in the second quarter from $2.30 in the prior year, an increase of 11%. The current average diesel price is $2.51 per gallon. The next component, energy services revenue, increased 70 basis points. The growth in energy services revenue is primarily due to an increase in drilling activity in the Permian Basin where we are well positioned. And the final component of internal growth is commodity revenue, which increased 1.5%. The growth in commodity sales revenue primarily relates to increase in recycled commodity prices. Excluding glass and organics, average commodity prices increased 35% to $157 per ton in the second quarter from $116 per ton in the prior year. The average commodity price in June was approximately $160 per ton. Cost of goods sold for recycled commodities increased 49% primarily due to an increase in rebates. Now, I'll discuss changes in margin. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 28%, which compares to 28.3% in the prior year. The change includes a 40 basis point increase in landfill operating costs. As discussed in the first quarter, we continued to see higher costs associated with the change in operating requirements at one of our sites. We also saw an increase in leachate volumes at a handful of our sites. These costs are temporary in nature and we expect the higher landfill operating costs to abate over the next few quarters. Excluding the increase in landfill operating costs, we had 10 basis points of margin expansion from strong pricing and volume growth, demonstrating the operating leverage in our business. I want to remind you that we provide a detailed schedule of cost of operations and SG&A expenses in our 8-K filing. Second quarter 2017 interest was $90 million, which included $11 million of non-cash amortization. Our adjusted effective tax rate was 39.1%. We expect an effective tax rate of approximately 39.5% for the remainder of the year. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $358 million, which represents 6% growth over the prior year. We remain comfortable with our full year adjusted free cash flow guidance of $875 million to $900 million, which represents double-digit growth over the prior year, after adjusting for the change in cash taxes. Now I'll turn the call back to Don.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So, so far we spent about 53% of our CapEx first half of the year. As we look at over the rest of the year, obviously we had very strong volume growth first half of the year and therefore because of that we may need to increase our capital spending to fund that growth. And that's why we haven't changed our free cash flow guidance.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. It was obviously accretive to the margins, but keep in mind that when you're talking about the COGS that 20% of the tons that we handled are brokered by us. So, if you actually exclude those volumes and those brokered volumes, then our sale of materials and our COGS went up by a similar rate of approximately 30%.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So obviously, we posted a very strong revenue first half of the year, so that's where that EPS guidance increase is coming from and then that's been partially offset and what I talked about earlier about the temporary increase that we're seeing in our landfill operating costs, so it's the net of those two.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So when we look at the back half of the year, obviously we're expecting expansion in the margins and that's really coming from the strong revenue. At the same time, as I had talked about before though, these landfill costs are going to slowly abate. So, we're going to have that headwind associated with also. So as we're looking at the margin, it's kind of longer term. We're thinking that we're going to be flat for the year. But if you take out the landfill operating costs, then that would get us right back to the 30 or 40 basis points of expansion that we had anticipated.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So, in terms of the incentive comp, keep in mind that we had an adjustment last year to incentive compensation that didn't repeat this year. And so obviously, our incentive is currently at levels that are consistent with our guidance for the rest of the year.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So what happened is that we actually saw some of that acceleration in Q2 and that's why we're able to post a restricted price of 2.2%. So those resets have already started to happen. In addition to that, as I had mentioned before, we were able to actually renegotiate some of our contracts on favorable terms, those restricted contracts. So we've got that coming through under restricted price also. So as we look out for the rest of the year, we think that that restricted price and yield in general is going to be pretty much flat to where it was in Q2.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. It was impactful. Those credits went away this year, so we did not have those credits this year. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Okay. Got you. Thank you.
Charles F. Serianni: No, there's really no cost that we have that are impacting those landfill operating costs that Don had talked about.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. So, obviously there is leverage there that we had talked about. We expect that we're going to continue to be able grow that top line like we have. You've got the work day in Q3 which is a benefit for us also. So, it's a combination of all those factors.
Charles F. Serianni: Like I said, Michael, it could go up a little bit because of the volume growth. Little bit could go up by $5 million, $10 million, maybe in that range.
Charles F. Serianni: There is Michael, and it goes back to what we had said before, is that if you pull out, just pull out the landfill operating costs, you've got 10 basis points of margin expansion during the quarter. And if you do that for the entire year, you've got 30 to 40 basis points of margin expansion. That's right on top of the guidance that we had given.
Charles F. Serianni: So, again, we talk about several times on the call, right, mix matters, right. And we are confident that the margins are expanding within the business, we got some of these highlights like recycling and fuel and some of the things that just net things out, but business is strong, the growth is good, pricing is good, operating team's doing a great job. We've got a couple of sort of near-term temporary and unusual things to take care of and then we should really I think end the year strong and move nicely into 2018.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Chuck. To conclude, we are pleased with our second quarter performance, strong fundamentals, together with solid operational execution, resulted in 7.5% top line growth and double-digit growth in earnings and free cash flow. Given our solid performance in the first half of the year, we are increasing our full year EPS guidance range. We now expect adjusted earnings per share of $2.36 to $2.39, which is an increase from our original guidance range of $2.32 to $2.36. At this time, operator, we'd like to open the call to questions.
Donald W. Slager: We'll think about this, right. We've always said that we're in a slow growth business, right, depends on population growth, housing formation and that those dynamics are all pretty consistent and strong. We're still only at a sort of 1.2 million of household formation, there is room to grow as that gets back to some kind of a new norm. And remember, as we talked about some of the volume impact is due to some of the loss in the broker business, which is an intentional strategic decision, right. So we've seen very broad-based recovery, very broad-based volume across the entire book of business. So, we feel pretty good about it and again we just raised our guidance, thinking, saying that the first half performers is going to continue through the second half of the year.
Donald W. Slager: Well, as we reported, we spent $91 million in the first half of the year. We started the goal with a $100 million spend kind of a – in our site. So we'll easily hit the $100 million target for the year. I would say the pipeline is full. As far as what we're spending on deals, it's still pretty consistent with our historical sort of 4.5 times to 5 times EBITDA post synergy. So as you know, this gets a little lumpy occasionally a bigger deal comes along, it's a lot of work to close a lot of smaller deals, but we feel good about the trajectory. So we're – again that's part of the guidance raised for the second half of the year.
Donald W. Slager: Well, again, I don't have a crystal ball, but here is what I'll tell you. This is not the first time we've seen this kind of thing from China. We've been through this a number of times in our past. So we have a very high quality pack that we make whether it's fiber or plastics. We've never had an issue with quality rejection in our history. So even in times when supply and demand kind of shifts, we've never had a slowdown on shipping our material, so we've got a really good track record. And then, the fact is not all of our sub goes to China, right. So really only what about 35% goes to China and there is a lot more domestic capacity than people realize and a great deal of our fiber, specifically, still remains domestic. And most of that China business is going from the West Coast ports and again those West Coast (20:00) that we operate have a very strong track record in quality.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. This is Don. When – I'll let you think about that Chuck. I don't know that there is typical, right, when you think and you said it, what about the mix, right? So there is geographic mix, there is line of business mix. You start digging through some of that. There is this difference between rising fuel cost net. There is the net between sale of goods and cost of goods. So those things impact the margins, right. So, I don't think there is any typical. We're very confident in the business. Look at the $42 million of additional EBITDA we generated in the quarter year-over-year and we're still confident we're going to raise the margin. We're still internally focused on pushing the margins to 30%. But we're here to run the business for the long term and that's how we roll. So when it comes to dealing with some of these temporary costs, we're going to take them head on. We're going to deal with it. We got to get it behind us. So, again I don't know that there is a typical answer. I don't think we can just frame it that easily.
Donald W. Slager: Well, I think volumes are good. I mean, we're talking about 2% almost volume growth, right. And again in the best of times, 2.5% is a strong performance. So, we're bouncing off a 2% and that is including the broker business that we've chosen to move away from. So the team feels good about where we're at, about the trends going into Q3 and again we raised the guidance, which would indicate the confidence.
Donald W. Slager: But again, when we think about where the volume grows back to mix, right, so we had 9.5% growth in our transfer station revenues, right? Transfer stations are generally viewed as kind of an extended gate of the landfill. We don't run a very – a super high operating margin or EBITDA margin on our transfer stations. Even though again they are profit centers, they don't run as high of a margin. So, as I said, mix matters, geographic mix and line of business mix and some of these other puts and takes, so it's not quite as clean as you'd like to think. The good news, right, and the underlying thing that everyone used to remember is, it's broad-based recovery, it's across all lines, it's across all areas of the business, $42 million of additional EBITDA, and as you know we run the business for the long-term, we've raised guidance, we're confident of free cash flow, raised our dividend. I'm popped. Andrew E. Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Sounds like it. All right. Thanks guys.
Donald W. Slager: No, in fact our driver turnover year-over-year is down Tyler. And I talked in my prepared remarks about the talent pillar of our agenda, right, of our strategy. We are very, very serious about becoming The Best Place to Work, where the best people come to work and we talk about how excited we are to receive the awards from Forbes and Glassdoor. Those are our real employees telling third-parties that they like working for us, right. Our employee engagement scores are up year-over-year, all the things we do to genuinely make Republic a better place to be. Technician turnover is down, part of that is OneFleet, part of that is the overall engagement strategy. So, look, we've got some markets that have an incredibly low turnover. We got a few that we still need to work through, but overall net of net, we're pretty happy about where we're at, especially in a time when construction jobs are still growing, we'll hold onto our people. So, we feel pretty good about it.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So, here's the reality, right. So, we still have quite a few trucks that lived well over the first half of their life in a non-OneFleet environment, and they weren't maintained maybe the way they should have been and those trucks are going to have a higher operating cost than they should have, if they had been maintained under our OneFleet umbrella. So, over time as we continue to introduce 1,000 new vehicles a year to the fleet, and these 1,000 trucks roll off that were under maintained or neglected in some cases, we're going to see an improvement, right. So, we're also going to continue to see fleet reliability and all the other stuff that comes from that as well, right. So, it's going to continue to benefit us and of course, there is also the CapEx savings that we'll see over time. And once we get through some of that, we're going to really put a finer point on this efficient frontier fleet and we maybe even able to age the fleet a little more at some point, right.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. I mean, with the leverage – with the – the top line growth that we have right now that's true, right.
Donald W. Slager: No. Right now, we're saying that we're going to be at the high-end of the range on the volume growth.
Donald W. Slager: And you've got some special waste volumes also, the special waste volumes like I had talked about and the C&D volumes both really high in the second quarter.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, Allison. In closing, we will continue to manage the business to create long-term shareholder value and remain focused on executing our strategy of profitable growth through differentiation. I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence and creating a Republic way. Thank you for spending time with us today. Have a good evening, and put that cell phone down when you get behind that wheel.
