Chuck Serianni: Thanks, Jon. In the first quarter, total revenue increased by 3.4%. This included average yields of 2.9% and volume growth of 40 basis points. Core price net of rollbacks was 5.2%. Adjusted EBITDA increased $24 million or 3.4% versus the prior year. Normalizing for an additional workday in the quarter, EBITDA increased 4.8%. Underlying EBITDA margins increased by 30 basis points.Adjusted free cash flow for the first quarter was $267 million and decreased by $82 million versus the prior year. This decrease in free cash flow was due to the timing of capital expenditures in cash taxes. Capital expenditures in the first quarter increased $74 million and cash taxes increased $25 million versus the prior year. Normalizing for these two items, free cash flow would have increased 4.9% versus the prior year. During this unprecedented time, our balance sheet remains strong, and we will continue to have ample liquidity of $1.9 billion.Looking forward, the impact of the pandemic on the U.S. economy remains uncertain, in particular, the pace and timing of the recovery. As a result, we have decided to suspend our detailed financial guidance for 2020.But as Don and Jon discussed, recent trends are encouraging. The rate of volume declines is slowing and we're beginning to see customers plan for reopening. Our employees have rapidly adjusted to new ways of working to stay safe and are as engaged as ever. Our operations teams are adjusting routes daily to maintain productivity and minimize costs. We're increasing customer loyalty by continuing to provide great service to our customers and investing in our communities. And finally, we are prudently managing spending while continuing to invest for the long-term. Assuming these recent trends continue, we would still expect to generate over $1 billion of adjusted free cash flow in 2020.In closing, we mentioned numerous times the unprecedented nature of this global pandemic. But we are all facing a tremendous amount of uncertainty. One thing you can be certain of is the stability and resiliency of Republic Services. In my 20-plus year history with Republic, I've seen many ups and downs, from the great recession to the longest economic expansion in history. What I have learned is that the essential nature of our business doesn't change and what is our ability to generate strong, predictable free cash flow. Remember, the economic environment we're currently in is temporary. And when the economy returns to some level of normalcy, we will emerge stronger than ever.With that, operator, we'd like to open the call for questions.
Chuck Serianni: Yes. So, the $3 million that we incurred during the first quarter were associated with just keeping our employees safe. The commitment to serve actually is a little bit different than that. That's helping the employees, but it's also helping the communities. So, how much we incurred these costs that we carved out in Q1 going forward, really depends on the duration of the pandemic, and how quickly the economy rebounds. It's a little bit too really to be able to forecast that at this point.
Chuck Serianni: Yes that’s pretty entire company. So if you think about we're losing our volumes on the residential side of the business, right? It's on small container and on the landfill side, and those have the highest margins in the company. So the decremental margins are approximately 40%.
Chuck Serianni: Yes, good question. So our perspective does anticipate some elevated bad debt expense that will inevitably be some customers who don't make it through that. I think that's obvious to everybody on the call. But we have a differentiated approach and a very thoughtful one. So customers with good credit ratings get a little bit of help through this, and we will extend terms of those customers. The longer they've been with us, obviously, we'll replay that loyalty to them, and help them get through this time. On that front, feels pretty good about our approach. We have trained all of our people, both in credit collections and all of our customer service representatives, on all those policies and also the approach. People are going through a very dramatic experience. And we start with a human centered approach understanding what they're going through working with them and getting to a good outcome and we have long and loyal customers, over seven years our customers are with us. And so I'm pretty confident we're going to work through this together.
Don Slager: So, pricing, our pricing perspective remains consistent. We're continuing to invest in our employees and we're continuing price for the quality and committed work that we do with our customers. We have not seen any meaningful change in the market. Now, there's always pockets of behavior here and there, but that's true regardless of where we're at in the economic cycle and again our policies and approaches have remained very consistent.
Don Slager: Certainly, it'll definitely be something we're talking about. And right now, as we've kind of come through into May, April has been all about kind of stabilizing the business, making sure that the service level, quality stays high, working with municipalities and any sort of scheduled changes that we need to accomplish. As we assess the additional tons that we have absorbed, we'll begin to talk to municipalities about what that means and look for some help. It's too early to tell yet. We'll give you more color on that once we get into reporting a second quarter.
Don Slager: Yes. So we're not seeing anything as of yet. As a matter of fact the DSO went down by half a day, year-over-year, so nothing here in the first quarter. We are thinking that DSO will trickle up during the year and that's already contemplated in our cash flow guidance for the year.
Don Slager: Well, I think we said, we still expect to do about a 600, 650 of M&A this year, right?I think somewhere in that area, right? So you can do the math on that. It could be more. I mean we'll see how companies come through this pandemic, but the pipeline is full, our people are involved, Santek is on track. So, we will be good.
Don Slager: Yes. Thanks, Hamzah. I think you'll see the pace of the recovery be differentiated based on geography and based on SIC code. So, you could imagine things like hospitality are going to be under pressure and that recovery is going to be a bit slower than manufacturing, which we're already seeing factories start to come back online and reopen and production ramp up. So again, we're going to see differences in that capacity as we go forward.
Don Slager: Yes, let me add to that. That was a much different situation too, right? So that was caused by housing but caused by property values crashing, caused by property taxes dropping. The tax base of these municipalities was under pressure. To your point, Hamzah, depending on how this thing bounces back. But if it is some type of a decent U-shape recovery, we're not going to see that kind of an issue, we don't believe.
Don Slager: On that we think we've absolutely found the bottom and that’s stabilized and starting to see kind of trends of recovery here. You could imagine a temp for example, construction shutdown, Seattle was shutdown, reopened about 10 days ago, the Bay area was shut down in construction, and that begins to ramp up. And we're seeing a number of places that are just going gangbusters. And to Jon's point, while construction was a huge weak spot in the last recession and downturn, I think this is going to turn out to be one of the brighter spots given the housing starts already were at a modest pace and commercial construction still is pretty strong. So, we feel pretty optimistic about that part of the business.
Don Slager: I think we've seen there's three things going on. There's customers who have permanently closed and we've seen very little of that, although in fairness still some shifting and sorting out as the economy starts to get some steam back in it. We're seeing customers who have temporarily suspended their service, as they have had shelter-in-place orders and they’ve had eventually temporarily closed their business. And then we've seen people who have decreased their service where restaurant will be a great example who doesn't have in-room dining but does have takeout. So they may have scaled back their service. We're seeing those customers who have temporary paused their service come back online, and we're seeing now those service increases outpace service decreases in small container, which is a very positive by the way.
Don Slager: But as Jon said in his comments, right, attendance is at an all time high. Safety, that’s our best safety month ever, and engagement is strong, right? And all those things will be benefits for us.
Don Slager: A very strong first quarter in pricing, again. Very consistent with our historic approach and making sure we get paid for the work we do. And have maintained that approach here in the last six, seven weeks, and have not seen meaningful levels of pullback on pricing. Now, our outlook anticipates some of that as people shift through their business as well. So I'm sure we'll see a little bit of that, but I don't anticipate large movements on that front.
Don Slager: Yes. I don't think it's a material change. Diligence, for deals we had near closing, diligence has been more difficult because we're not travelling, right? So we've had to maybe slow some of those things down and do some things remotely. That just require a little bit of innovation. But as far as new opportunity goes, I think frankly, as we've said, there are a lot of really good companies out there that we'd like to look at and talk to, some of we already have in the pipeline, there may be some more that come to market, I think for the most part companies have just been busy getting their businesses stabilized.Trying to figure this thing out. And as the market starts to come back, people will start to decide, whether they’re still in this for the long-term or not. We know that we are, and we know we've got the balance sheet and the know how to get it done. So we'll be here to have conversations if there are people who want to otherwise. So we think, it'll still be a good year for us in the M&A department.
Don Slager: Most of those costs were one-time in nature. So, hundreds of thousands of masks we purchased. We talked about putting some structural changes into our hauling companies to promote social distancing, screening, et cetera. So, feel really good about that. We've already always used masks on our recycling centers. So, yes, we have a little more hand sanitizer spend going forward, certainly will for a long period of time. But that's not meaningful in the overall economics.
Don Slager: And keep in mind, Michael, not much came out in resi. Resi, we're working harder than ever. So, almost half in large container and small container.
Don Slager: Yes. Look, Michael, as you know, there is a lot of moving parts, right? So, as I said already in April was all about sort of stabilizing the business, right, working with our people, keeping everybody safe. May will be about keeping everybody sort of enthusiastic and ready to return, we're already seeing all these positive signs that Jon laid out. I mean, there's positivity across all lines of business, all market verticals, there's just a lot of really great stories. If we had 4 hours earnings call we can share, we can find really great stuff, it’s too soon to trend it. Right. So, that's the difficulty, there's just so many moving pieces. And the fact is that we know that we can make changes in decisions in and around CapEx and other areas of spending, which we've done and are doing and will continue to adjust. But there's still a chance right depending on how this return occurs, then we can still catch the bottom edge of our original cash flow guidance, which is over $1 billion, right.So, we're going to be making adjustments every day, every week for near the end of the year. The leadership team gets together every day at 11:00 AM and reviews every piece of data we have, and it's making decisions daily. And that'll continue under Jon's leadership. So it's been really a great process so far and it seems it’s responding great. So, in July we have a lot more data and we'll have some trend information that will be more meaningful, but I would say we're focused on the cash flow and that just really underscores -- helps stability of the business.
Don Slager: Sure, maybe I'll start the secondary part of your question. So, retention is at an all time high. We have some natural attrition in the business of retirements and other things, but we don't have a lot of people leaving us for bigger, better opportunities, in part because we have done extraordinary job of taking care of our people, which ties into the first part of your question. The Committed to Serve program was done for a few reasons. One, it was to honor and celebrate our frontline people, right? They perform an essential service and it's a noble purpose, and unfortunately, society doesn't do a great job of recognizing them all the time and this is their moment. This is our opportunity to elevate them and appropriately celebrate them. And then connecting that in with customers, right? Customers obviously are looking for some cost relief, what they really needed revenue and we're allowing our people and empowering our people to go support local small businesses that are our customers and when we do that we support the community. So, we think all of those things are connected and tied together.
Don Slager: Yes. The only thing I would say is that keep in mind as -- and we talk about our commodities to basket and OCC is a portion of that basket about 25% also included in there is aluminum and plastics and the pricing on that has actually gone down. Heavy metal, sensitivity really hasn’t changed. Our basket of good $10 change for the year is about $0.03 of EPS.
Don Slager: Yes. So because the disposal is going to be compressed a little bit, but we think it's a temporary issue. And we'll work our way out of it.
Don Slager: Yes. So we're seeing people call back in. We're not seeing meaningful changes when they come back or they're coming back at the same service level. Obviously, it's a mix as we go forward. We've not seen any kind of movement in terms of expecting a different price point. If we have customers who are under contract, and we've allowed them to temporarily pause that contract given the kind of once in a 100 year nature of this phenomenon, and they've been appreciative that we've allowed them to do that.And they’re mindful of their timing and their opening back up, they're eager to get back to business, right? And their first point of interest is not the price point of their waste in recycling service. It's getting their employees back safely and working and getting customers in their door on that front. And then could we see people be aggressive? Yes, we could, we see that all the time in select markets, there always be a player who does a -- how to do a volume grab here or there at a specific time. I think it's too early to tell whether that's going to be a broad trend, but we've not seen any meaningful uptick in that activity in the last six, seven weeks.
Don Slager: I'll start and let Jon finish. I would say, first it depends on the deal. It depends on the makeup of the revenue, right? So, yes, we're smart enough to look at that. But it depends on what is the makeup of the business.
Don Slager: So furthermore, right, for years, decades as we've talked to you, the market about what's great about the waste business. We talk about the same things. We talk about our market position being number one or number two in 90% percent of the revenue. We talk about the fact that we're essential service. We talked about the fact that 80% of our customers are under some type of contract. We talk to you about the fact that in our small container business, even in our residential business, the cost per household in the residential businesses generally sub $35 a month, the cost of small container is sub 400. These are not giant spends, these are not the numbers that keep them awake at night. These are not the major parts of their budgets, right. That's what makes the business great. In fact everyone needs us. Okay. And everyone pays us mostly in advance, right, for the service that we provide and that's one of the reasons that we get to get strong pricing. 4% to 5%, poor pricing or a 3% yield is really a small dollar amount for any business, right. All those things are true, when we talked about 1 billion, how we can flex our cash flow or our spending in times like this to still produce pretty strong free cash and maintain a strong balance sheet and have a balanced approach to cash allocation. All those things that we've been telling you that frankly, we proved in the 2001 economic decline, in the great recession, and we'll prove again now. All those things started to -- that's the truth that we've been telling you. And frankly, I think is maybe going overlooked by some people during the last call it seven, eight weeks of this [madness], but we're going to continue to do that and that's not anything -- that's inconsistent with what we've done or what we’ve said in the past.
Don Slager: I mean keep in mind that we're still down slightly, right, because resi’s way up, commercial or small container is down, right. I mean, there's just less economic activity going on right now overall from the supply standpoint. And then obviously from the demand side, the demand signal out of the back door for second process centers, big pull for fiber, both to support e-commerce but also to support all of the Kleenex and paper towel and toilet paper and wipes and everything else you got some of those are just a pull forward of surge in demand. Some of those I would argue are more permanent. Wipes for example, paper towel. I think we're going to have a elevated level of demand for months or probably years to come.
Don Slager: Yes, so I would tell you, first of all our stock is a bargain today, right and we should be buying more of it. But with the uncertainty in the world right now, the prudent thing for us to do is conserve cash, right. So, Chuck talked about having plenty of cash on hand and having plenty of capacity in the revolver. That's the prudent thing for us to do at this moment. Of course, we'd much rather buy more businesses, do more M&A than buy your shares, that's still the best use of cash. So, we're going to take a little wait and see approach. And, as chuck said, we've been paying dividend every quarter for 18 years. So while we don't have an exact dividend policy, we do have a practice that we've honored. So we think we're in a good position from a cash allocation perspective. We look at the intrinsic value of the company today. And if it weren't for some of the uncertainly around COVID-19 we'd be buying a little more of our stocks but we're just going to kind of take a wait and see approach.
Don Slager: Thank you, Rachel. In closing, given the foundational investments we've made in the business, we've been operating from a position of strength and we will continue to do so through the recovery and beyond. Our diversified footprint across the broad mix of markets nationwide position us well to benefit at each stage of the recovery.We look forward to working together with our customers and our communities, for they resume operations. Once again, I'd like to thank all of the Republic employees for their ongoing hard work, commitment and dedication to our customers and communities. Each of our employee truly embodies that Committed to Serve spirit. Have a good evening everyone and stay safe.
Jon Vander Ark: The only other thing I'd add in that is we have a small number of programs that is based on the weight, they’re bag programs, and the industry and we've also migrated away from those programs over the years because they're not easy for the consumer. Having one bin that they pull out to the curb, and having that automated has been safer for us, has been better for the consumer. And you've seen the industry move in that direction. And so whatever we do going forward, we want to make sure that it's still effortless for the customer.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, well, unfortunately, Tyler we will probably cover that in July when we talk about Q2. So we can't get into overall April trends. But I would reinforce that in most of the places we think we've seen the bottom and we're starting to see recovery. So it's been a really good sign. And also I’d say that bottom has been a much higher floor than I think we initially expected on that front. So we're feeling pretty positive about the outlook.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Just on that point, I think, obviously that deal is not closed yet. It's going through regulator review. We typically wouldn't comment. But other people have put that out there but we're confident we're going to close that deal in the second half of the year.
Jon Vander Ark: No, Hamzah, we're not seeing that today, and obviously something we're looking into actively but don't anticipate any credit or collections issues on that side of the business. You know these are long cycle contracts. So, if there's any pressure, it would show up kind of years from now in a bid cycle. And as we've been holding line in that part of the business, making sure that we get a fair return for all the work that we do.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. No change to the dividend policy. We've been paying the dividend now for 18 years and that's not going to change. We always say that we would like to deploy our capital by purchasing EBITDA and Don mentioned that our pipeline is very robust right now, our acquisition pipeline. So looking for our capital to work by buying businesses to take advantage of what might be a pretty good opportunity right now. And then finally, returning the rest of the cash that we generate to the shareholders in the form of a share repurchase. So, our capital allocation strategy really hasn't changed.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, certainly fuel cost savings is there as oil is at a very low historic level. I would say one of the reasons we've been successful in this environment and the productivity improved is all the hard work and the foundation that we’ve built. So, we've worked really, really hard to keep our people working and employed and that meant everybody had to give up some overtime so everybody could get work and that means people picking up different routes and our different stops. And again, the customer service has improved, the productivity has improved. So real testament to our COO, Tim Stuart and the operating team for how they've done that with operations. And I'd also say this, we've benefited a bit from traffic, right, as people sheltered in place, traffic is down, especially in urban areas, our ability to get around and get to and back from the recycling side of the landfill has certainly improved.
Jon Vander Ark: Small, I couldn't give you a absolute number or the percentage number. I think it will be small, Michael.
Jon Vander Ark: It’s hard to forecast exactly what the shape of the recovery is, right? If we're in an L-shape recovery, which I don't think any of us are seeing in our side of the business, yes, it could be that number. But in a kind of a steady rebound here. But I would expect less, but it's hard to say yet.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. So, we'll give you more information on that, Michael as we work our way through the year here. It really depends upon the duration of the downturn, how quickly we come back, right? We talked about the growth capital. The remaining capital is really replacement, and it just depends on the utilization of our assets, which includes landfills, right? Building additional landfills airspace, and that's all predicated upon tons that we're receiving into landfill. So, much more information to come here in Q2.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. So, our activity remains higher than ever. We're in continued dialogue and discussions. We are not snapping the chalk line on pricing those deals, but we're giving sellers an expectation of ranges. But we're waiting to sit through both things where the economy nets out and what the future demand profile is going to be for those assets. And then, overtime, do multiple expectations come down because there's more willing sellers, because their life has changed and it might be a little tougher to run the business in this environment, we'll see.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Look, I'd say the obviously economic outlook broadly, there's still some uncertainty to it, right? And so, if we get into a double dip, right, because we have a reemergence at broad scale and have widespread sheltering in place in the fall, that would be a different scenario. But based on what we're seeing now, and based on we're kind of consensus is going in the macro environment that we're going to have a tough Q2 and start to see growth in Q3 and Q4, coupled with what we're seeing, which is again, relatively high floor to what some of the early predictions were and already seeing that flatten out and starting to see it move upward. I think those are all positive signs and that's what's embedded in our perspective.
