Don Slager: Thanks, Chuck. Before I open the call up for questions, I will provide our 2016 financial guidance. We expect adjusted earnings per share to be in a range of $2.13 to $2.17, which is consistent with the preliminary outlook we provided last October. This continues to demonstrate the stability and predictability of our business. Our expected performance represents high single-digit earnings growth after excluding the $0.08 headwind from the increase in our effective tax rate. We anticipate adjusted free cash flow to be in a range of 820 million to 840 million, which was upwardly revised from our preliminary outlook due to the extension of bonus depreciation. This performance represents mid to high single-digit growth after excluding the change in cash taxes. We expect annual revenue growth of 2.5% to 3%, which includes average yield of approximately 2%. We believe this level of pricing is strong given the 30 basis point headwind from lowest CPI-based presets. Volume growth in a range of 1.5% to 1%, we expect our volume trajectory to be relatively consistent with our full year 2015 performance, with the exception of residential due to known contract losses. Residential volumes are expected to be slightly negative. Contribution from acquisitions of 1%, this relates primarily to tuck-in acquisitions and the rollover impact from 2015 transactions. And a decline in fuel recovery fees of 1%, due to lower diesel prices. We anticipate an EBITDA margin of approximately 28.5%. This represents 40 basis points of margin expansion over our 2015 performance. 2016 net capital expenditures are expected to be $900 million or approximately 9.5% of revenue. This level of spending includes a $60 million benefit from cost effectively extending the useful life of our fleet, as a result of our One Fleet maintenance program. This is in addition to the $40 million of capital we saved during 2015. We anticipate investing $100 million in tuck-in acquisitions and we expect to return approximately $820 million of total cash to shareholders through $420 million of dividends and $400 million of share repurchases. I would like to thank the entire Republic team for their contribution that allowed us to meet our objectives and positioned us well for future growth. During 2016, we will continue to deliver on our promises to our key stakeholders and remain focused on managing the business to create long-term value by executing our strategy of profitable growth through differentiation. At this time operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Don Slager: Well, it's actually a couple contracts right, so this is just normal in our business Al and let’s focus on residential for a second. We have made a lot of noise around the fact that the residential business has been the weakest for some time, the residential business some of those contracts again have CPI resets which don’t really work us for us over the long-term. We have been very good public private partners with our residential customers, and we ultimately need to have contracts that work for both parties and so we are booking a very strong approach, if you are trying to get these contracts switched to a new index which we only talked about doing that successfully. And there are some contracts frankly that just don’t work for us and so we are going to continue to be focused on return on investments, so the residential business can be a little bit weaker in '16 as a result of that. And again there is -- we have got so many contracts in total do we have in residential contracts it is thousands of them right. So that’s just the nature of the beast and that is going to be a little lumpy from year-to-year. The underlying economics we think are good, right. So you think about how we always talk about the fact that its population growth driving household formation and really is a critical metric in our business. If you look out at household formation it is strong, it prompts us to continue to remain strong as far as we are growing so that’s good for us. The Special Waste business looks pretty solid that’s a good indicator of a good economy and we have seen pretty consistent growth in even our landfill MSW business over the last year. I mean so I think we are in pretty good shape. You reported on the year 4 plus percent growth in MSW landfill which -- that is actually nice to have across the business. So we will continue to look for that and then with the capture tool and PBS we’re being very selective about the kind of growth we’re getting. And as I said in my remarks, that we are in the 11th straight quarter where we had both positive volume and pricing growth, and we think that’s the magic where we get both end and we continue to get both end into the future and that’s where we’re focused that’s going to deliver the margin that’s going to deliver the cash.
Don Slager: Well, first let’s step back from all of that and remember, I mean we tend to lag right so when things go up and down we kind of lag a little bit. But when we talk about our Large Container Industrial perm business that’s mostly construction, it's a large container tank. When we talk about industrial large container perm industrial is kind of a misnomer because that includes a lot of commercial retail business, a large multifamily office buildings, hospitals anything that requires large container. Only a portion of that perm large container business is truly industrial right. And we’ve continued to see strong performance in that permanent business both price and volume. So we’re not concerned about that segment of our business.
Don Slager: No, the incentive comp increase really occurred all in the SG&A line and that was due to the financial outperformance that we had during 2015. And obviously as we look at SG&A cost in 2016 we’re not expecting that to repeat.
Don Slager: Sure, so keep in mind that 40 basis points of that is due to reduction in the fuel recovery fee and commodity revenue, so it is really revenue based and then the other 20% is really due to acquisitions.
Don Slager: So I mean remember you got to think about there is normal inflation in the business and then when you think of on a full year basis when you look at our volumes, it's been heavily weighted to the Collection portion of our business. So there is a volume element to it. And then you have to look at the total amount of acquisitions that we’ve completed during the year. Right so you add the three up together from the revenue perspective, because remember within the revenue you’ve got the reduction from fuel recovery and fee and commodities, it does nothing to your labor cost. So you got to look at the revenue change exclusive of those and basically what you’re seeing is a similar increase in labor expense, expressed as a percentage.
Don Slager: No, I would say really no change over what we saw at the end of last year. Generally speaking more broadly speaking, you know that we feel pretty good about sort of the rational behavior in the market generally. There is always A market or two, there is always a local competitor or two doing something, maybe making a bad decision or having debt -- actually they are making investment here and there. But overall, we’re not concerned about it.
Don Slager: No, actually there has been a change. I mean we look at our outlook and then look at our guidance right now. We’ve got about a $0.04 decrease due to commodity prices, so pretty a significant decrease since we gave outlook. But we’ve been able to offset that by lower fuel cost and also through other improvements in the business and that's what allowed us to keep our guidance consistent with our outlook that we provided in October.
Don Slager: Yes, Scott this is Don, as it relates to the M&A right, we can talk about the pipeline of tuck-ins, we've got a pretty good handle we think on what is out there as it relates to tuck-in opportunities, but these larger opportunities that really drove the over I'd say that over spending but it's like we spend more in M&A last year those are lumpy right, those come to the market once in a while, so we don't really see, we don't have visibility to any of those today as we look at '16. And again we're always focused on first and foremost the tuck-ins in our current markets in our core business and that's what gives us the better return and lower risk et cetera, but it's just that we always want to maintain right strength in our capital structure, so that if the right thing does come along for us we've got the flexibility so we're very focused on that.
Don Slager: Well, let’s backup, first of all right, it's a pretty big denominator right, so if we talk about taking the faction from 7% which it’s been the faction have been at an all time double-digit high, in the past we've got it down to 9, 8, now 7 it's been consistently 7 for some time. Driving that down to 6 would be quite a feat but we're focused on extending customer loyalty and perhaps that the faction is really competitive the other half is what we call structural business to close and things move offshore et cetera. We are really-really focused in on the quality of services we're delivering to our customers through meeting our customer commitments which is internal metric and then also Net Promoter score which as I said in my comments we have improved the Net Promoter score every year for three years so -- and we're very-very active in trying to understand how our customers think about us and then we brought forward not only better quality of service delivery but a better way of doing business with us through our digital platform. So, all those things are driven to improve the customer experience and then on top of that the tool set you described around PDS, Capture and also frankly the improved CRM tool that our team uses today makes them one or more efficient, more effective but also helps them to get basically the price for new selling to improve. And that's what is happening with what we're seeing with price, with yield and with churn. That churn which is essentially the difference between business gained and business lost right the net difference has continued there to narrow, that has been a big part of our pricing story and we're going to continue to focus on that as we go through the years. The combination of all those things working towards, again extending the loyalty, reducing churn which ultimately means lower inflection and creating what we call internally rolling this effect right and then PDS is directing our sales teams at customers that we believe are in the segments that are more likely to buy value and less likely to be only priced customers. So, everything we've been talking about over the past couple of years is getting rolled out as we've been working for the greater good and it is reflected here in our best pricing ever in 2015 or in a long time it has been going on you know. And 11 straight quarters for both pricing and volume growth and as I said with another question, we're going to be focused on the right growth, right, targeted profitable unit growth. So, we're seeing it and then we're seeing market expansion, we're seeing good cash flow as a result, so that's as you called it what idiosyncratic right that is the word.
Don Slager: It doesn’t make a huge impact when you think about that infrastructure build funding roads and bridges. We do work for customers who build roads and bridges but that doesn’t generate the same kind of waste volume that comes out of stack homes and multi-family homes and skyscrapers right. The weight that comes from building a site is not some things like expedition and point of concrete. But things like putting up starts and dry wall and permitting and installation and ripping those kinds of things generate waste for construction. So roads and bridges we have some containers at along some of these building sites but unfortunately for us we don’t get to pull them very often.
Don Slager: Well let me start and I will let Chuck talk about how the numbers roll-in but reorganization is complete, right. So the reorganization is complete the organization is function under the new model and so basically we have the absolute lower cost of organization functioning today net of the onetime severances and relocations that some of the relocations have to occur over the next couple of months.
Don Slager: Michael let me start by going through some of the numbers, so if we just reconcile the EBITDA margin from '14 to '15, 2014 was at 28% and we got about 90 basis points of margin expansion this from the solid waste from the base business, a lot of that due to pricing above cost inflation and lowering that fuel. Now that was offset during the year by the recycling business which ended up being about 40 basis points, and by acquisitions of about 40 basis points. So to your question, you eliminate the cycling and you eliminate the 40 basis points from acquisition it gives you a better idea of where we think the true margin potential is of the business of the base business.
Don Slager: Yes, we would say that that is we believe that to be sustainable Michael going forward. We think about growing free cash flow on an annual basis somewhere in the mid to high single-digits is something we feel comfortable with and that’s exactly what we’re doing this year if you exclude the impact of bonus depreciation on both ’15 and ’16.
Don Slager: Right so think about it your first question the underlying waste our business expanded 90 basis points again forget about some of the other noise. But the cash flow point you made is right on it and as you always say you get proper cash. You think about what we’ve done in the business to shift the pricing to offset cost. We still got some good cost initiatives underway certainly the reorganization and CRCs are part of that. And ongoing improvements still in our product set and in our customer service overhang and so I continue to drive willingness to pay. So we’ve shifted a gear here and now we’re funding with some of those improvements funding the next wave of initiatives and so on. So I mean we think we’re going to continue to do that year-on-year and at some point in the future there will be other waves of initiatives that we talk about still, just going to leave you so much more time. But we think we’ve turned the corner on it.
Don Slager: No, no I guess what I was saying Michael is that you just take the 2016 guide of 820 to 840, okay if you take a look at the in-year impact of bonus depreciation that we’re going to see due to the reversal of prior years in ’16 together with the in-year benefit from the extension, when you take the net impact of that, that’s still a net negative $20 million to free cash flow or $20 million in higher cash taxes then that bonus depreciation never existed at all. So the notion of kind of what normalized would be in a normal tax environment it’d be closer to 840 to 860 not 820 to 840, that’s what I was saying.
Don Slager: No the -- we’ll have the let’s take them one at a time. The automation right is focused on the residential part of our business going from multiple individuals working on accrue to single operator vehicles right. So, we’ve moved that number up 2% or 3% a year. I think last year we converted what 200 or 300 routes to the single operator. So that’s just been ticking up that thing will probably max-out somewhere at about 80% I’d like to think I’d give you a little better but some neighborhoods or some contracts just can’t quite get there, so it's going to continue to tick up year-on-year until we are fully automated. The One Fleet initiative is going to be complete this year with all of our divisions being fully trained on One Fleet and then they’ll be certified some of them will still be in the certification process into the venue next year. But we’re seeing the benefits of the most mature sites that we talk about generally accruing the business so the longer these divisions are on the One Fleet program the better they perform. And not to mention right obviously the extension of the fleet the useful life of the fleet which has been a very methodical over our process and as I said in our comments we’re continually taking advantage of that and as a result and our CapEx this year is only about 9.5% of revenue.
Don Slager: And we originally said it would take four to five years to fully roll that out, so we'll take advantage of the extending the life.
Don Slager: Yes, we would say generally flat and we've got a couple of things going on in there. We have -- back in my comments earlier about more disciplined -- internal discipline on our end around price and volume, finding that right balance, really using the tools, the Capture tool et cetera, we as talked about in previous quarters the fact that we parted with some non-profitable national accounts business and we're going to continue to be very certain in our actions around that and we've also walked away from some broker relationships, those are third-parties who don't own trucks, they don't own containers, they don't own landfills, they have no risk, they bring no value to the customer and we've had some relationships there that we've had to part ways with and we're going to continue to be very selective of our partners and that will impact our commercial small container growth in '16 and in '17 frankly. But I mean we will continue to be flat at least for '16 and ultimately as our product continue to improve and everything else we'll get our fair share of growth and that's the thing we always say is what 240 markets , 42 states, we're in number one or number two market position, and about 93% of those as growth is there we get our fair share of growth and we want to focus that share on -- again customers who are in the right segments who value our quality and rolling effect.
Don Slager: Yes. And Mike, just to kind of look at -- if you look at the full year-over-year what Chuck just described on the SG&A expenses that's probably 30 basis points of the 40 basis points of margin expansion from '15 to '16 just on SG&A and then the rest is basically just due to a better business performance.
Don Slager: Yes so, we've got a target of 100 million as I said and we've got a pipeline -- each of our Area President's and our General Managers have responsibility to contribute to that pipeline with ideas around companies that might be interested in selling. You know I always say right, in order to gather the deal, one of the main components of having a good deal is having a willing seller right. And you need a willing seller, you need good synergy, real synergy, you'd like to get real assets and real property and real goodwill of customers, we don't like startups, we don't buy serial seller, we like the quality companies with recurring revenue and good assets and so there's a limit to what is out there and there's a limit frankly to owners who are willing to sell and they got to be at a point in their lives frankly where they are so, we're going to be as optimistic because we can be -- we think the tuck-in really looks like 100 million. It is something so much long that's it is not in our sites today, we'll let you know as the quarters tickle off, we always have the capability to do more and that’s one of the reasons that we maintain our capital structure the way that we do. And again we are very focused on trying to grow the core and we know the value of tuck-in more business into already a very strong management team and really a strong asset base. So if it's there we will take a look at it.
Don Slager: Let me back up and give you just a sense to it and then I’ll let Chuck walk through the numbers. But remember that Post-Collection right includes right transfer and landfill and remember that a good portion of our landfill business today, MSW still comes through as municipal waste from municipal customers, right. And a lot of that business -- so these are cities who have their own trash fleets their own trucks quite and their own trash from rate payors. But they have no landfills and so unfortunately for us some of those contracts are still in with the CPI accelerators, so as we are thinking about moving to new indices that is the one of the areas that we will focus on overtime. In the other part of the business, the sort of the open market part of the rent business we do much better. But it's heavily weighted still towards that municipal waste product.
Don Slager: And then the other thing again just to kind a keep in mind when you take a look at the first quarter is last year we got the benefit from the lag in the fuel recovery fee. And that was about $0.02 EPS benefit it contributed about 60 basis points to margin in the first quarter of '15. So when you look at the combination of the two just kind of something to keep in mind as you are looking at your model for next year for this year.
Don Slager: Thank you Emily, I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, commitment, and dedication to operational excellence and creating the Republic Way. Thank you for spending time with us today. Have a good evening, and be safe out there.
Chuck Serianni: Yes, so Ken when you think about revenues, because you’re just looking at the straight dollar increase.
Chuck Serianni: Yes, we're very comfortable with the balance sheet leverage, so right now we're at 2.9 times, when we look at our capital allocation both in terms of dividend and share repurchase it’s right in line with the free cash flow and they are still having the capacity that we need in order to pursue acquisition so we're very comfortable with the capital allocation strategy and very comfortable with being able to continue to increase our dividends in the future.
Chuck Serianni: It is going to be about the same, what we got is a little bit of a headwind associated with drilling activity and we are going to make that up through productivity gains and through the anniversarying of some integration costs.
Chuck Serianni: No, and you got to take a look at the performance Tyler I mean it's a similar level of performance in 2016 as we saw in 2015 with the exception of the step down in CPI-based pricing. But you can probably expect similar level of contribution.
Chuck Serianni: So what we are saying is that the savings that we are going to receive from the realignment. Will really start in February and that’s about $20 million or so, that’s going to be offset by additional investments and initiatives, primarily due to our customer resource centers. So that will be an offset within our P&L. We are also going to have about $35 million of restructuring charges, $25 million of that are associated with the realignment that Don just talked about, a lot of that should be frontend loaded so more towards Q1, Q2. And then about $10 million of that associated with the customer resource center, that’s going to be more spread out through the year.
Chuck Serianni: And Michael maybe another way to think about this as well is that if you take a look at the 2016 guidance right for free cash flow of 820 million to 840 million, even though there is a $30 million benefit from the expense of the expansion of bonus depreciation, if you look at the in-year impact, right so from all prior years together with what was just extended, it's still a net negative in ’16 to the magnitude of about $20 million. So if you want to kind of think normalized, you would take that guidance and add $20 million, that’s a normalized level of free cash flow as bonus depreciation never existed at all.
Chuck Serianni: That’s right. So just put a final point on that and we had -- we are expecting a $200 million capital savings associated with the One Fleet program, $40 million of that we actually obtained in ’15 and we’re expecting another $16 million benefit in 2016.
Chuck Serianni: Sure, let me put a little bit of color first of all on fourth quarter margins and the EBITDA margin for Q4 2015 was 27.2%. Now included in that you'll see that we had higher SG&A cost, incentive comp was about 50 basis points higher, we had some legal settlements of about 20 basis points and we had some initiative investments of about 30 basis points. Now the initiative investments in 2016 are going to be offset by the cost savings from the realignment that I had talked about and we're not expecting the initiative comp, the incentive comp and the legal settlements to reoccur. So, just from that alone you're ending up with 100 basis points more in margin for the quarter. And we're looking at SG&A in 2016 closer to 10.5% and once again that has to -- it's a little bit higher than the 10% that we called out just because of some of the costs that we're incurring is associated with initiatives but after 2018 and getting the full benefit associated with both the realignment and the customer resource centers, we're expecting SG&A to be back in -- back to around 10%, so looking longer term, really we're going to be able to start leveraging our SG&A and that's what is going to be a primary driver of our margins going forward.
Chuck Serianni: Yes so the restricted piece of the business, the yield there is closer to 1% to 1.5% and then to Don’s point the unrestricted price is probably closer to 3% or 4%.
Chuck Serianni: Yes we think that there is going to be a downward pressure on margins, higher cost I should say in Q1 because of the extra selling day. That’s about 30 to 40 basis points.
