Don Slager: Thanks, Chuck. To conclude, our second quarter results were consistent with our expectations and they keep us on track to achieve our full-year guidance. I'm proud of how the Republic team continued to execute our strategy of profitable growth through differentiation. And our performance continues to reflect our hard work. We will continue to deliver on our promises to our key stakeholders, including our customers, communities, employees and shareholders. At this time in the call, I would like to open the call to questions.
Don Slager: Tyler this is Don. As you know PBS is fully rolled out. Capture has now been rolled out for some time. The adoption rates, utilization rates of those tools are very high. We've got great training programs in place to re-trained new hires. It's been really a great success for us. There is a lot of pull in the organization for those tools, professionalizing the sales team. As a backdrop to what Chuck said, defection has remained low at 7% and now we've had that low for a long time. Churn is improving, as Chuck said. The underlying fundamentals of small container business are strong. So just all around, a good steady business and really good execution by the sales organization. And year over year, another stat we like to look at cost or price of new sales compared to price of new sales from last year is also up and that's, again due to the new tools that we've got out there.
Don Slager: Remember, last time, we were north of 30% Tyler and given the size 31ish, we had better recycling commodity prices. We did not have the CPI environments. Those are two important macro things that you pointed out. But we're now seeing benefits coming through the P&L from the OneFleet initiative that is fully rolled out, as I said. We'll certify everybody by this time next year; that's starting to pay dividends. We will see the benefit start to happen next year in 2018 from the benefit of the reorg net of the CRC consolidations. Those start to roll in. Those are, I think, costs that will easily be able to achieve, based on what we have seen so far so there's a lot of good things in the works and again, there's always that next wave of initiatives that we haven't talked about yet.
Don Slager: So let me start by just reminding everybody that the recycling business really is unique based on individual markets. So while on one hand, we continue to make strong investments in recycling. And we're very much committed to helping our customers do the right thing for the planet and to meet their sustainability goals. That only works for us in markets where customers are willing to pay for the service and where we've got a density and participation to make it work. So I say very often, that sustainability doesn't work without profitability and those are a couple of key issues. Customers really need to value it and we need to have density and participation to make it work. So while we made some great state-of-the-art investments, as you pointed out. We have won some awards, frankly, for some of our innovation in and around recycling. At the same time, we've also had to close some low-volume facilities that were antiquated and where we don't have enough participation to make recycling work. It can't work as a loss leader. So how far are we in the process of really reinventing or reimagining recycling? Again you think about our business being only about 10% of revenues in recycling. It's, again, you think about our business being only about 10% of revenues in recycling. One of the most volatile parts of our business has been as we just spoke to Tyler about the commodity pricing environment. While it's starting to move up a little bit. It started out very low in the year. Maybe it's going to come back even stronger in the second half, we will have to see. But two components of recycling, one, is processing where we take in material to our facilities from third parties and then one is collection. On the processing side, about 40% of the volume we take in on processing we've adjusted or have favorable terms so where those customers who actually share in the risk and the upside of the material and the market prices. So those are good contracts. The remaining 18% of those customers in the processing side of our business are -- the remaining customer are going to come due for renegotiation over the 18 months. So over the next 18 months, we will negotiate to get to fairer terms there. And then on the collection side, that really resides primarily in our residential municipal business and we're working with our municipal partners to help understand this issue and we're renegotiating contracts as we go through time. Those contracts tend to be longer term so I would say we're just still very in early -- in the very early innings with that. But most of the -- that dialogue is met with practical solutions and people understand that it's got to work for both sides of the partnership so we're just going to continue to work through it and continue to invest where it makes sense.
Don Slager: Well, just to be clear, we have been using route-based tech -- computer-based technology for routing for a long time, right? GPS-type systems and geocoding, that's not new technology for us. We will continue to improve the utilization of those systems but that's not going to be a big lever for us to pull. We're going to just get incrementally better year-on-year and continue to improve as the tools improved. But we've been using those tools for a long time so I don't want to leave you the impression that our routes aren't highly efficient or densely routed because that's one of the reasons our margins are 28% because the density model of our business.
Don Slager: Yes, we'll tag team this. Let's start off by setting the context, right? We had a pretty strong volume growth rate in Q1 but we reminded everybody that, that was just kind of a strange comp year over year. We had a very mild winter compared with a very tough winter the year before and we said to everybody that, look, our guidance for volume has been for the year was 0.5% to 1%. And we're saying now that our volume growth is going to be about 1%, right? So it really is in line in total and -- as far as an exit speed this year, with what we expected, frankly, maybe even to the high end of that.
Don Slager: So obviously, a lot of this recovery has been led by our C&D business which continues to perform for us. We mentioned that churn rates are good. We mentioned, I think, defections stayed low. We're seeing container weights increase slightly. We're seeing service increases versus decreases continue to be incrementally favorable. So all those underlying things that point to -- continue to strengthen and fundamentals are there and we're also just being smart about pricing. I guess the last thing is and we mentioned it in the comments is we have walked away from some broker business and we have determined that, that broker model hasn't really favored the Company. And so we have intentionally shed some of that business over the last couple of quarters so that -- you net that out, obviously, the numbers are quite a bit more favorable.
Don Slager: We were a little slow out of the gate this year but we're confident that we will intelligently spend $100 million or so in and around tuck-ins. again/We're focused primarily in on tuck ins because of the return profile of those. And as you know, these things are kind of lumpy. But we've got a good pipeline and we've got a number of deals that we're working on now that we think will come through for the second half of the year and we will be right where we said we would be.
Don Slager: For us, Q2 is, again, from a comp perspective a little tougher for us because we had a pretty large job last year on the West Coast that did not repeat and again, you know that again, a big job like that, you've got to throw off your year-over-year comparison. Our first half special waste was -- remained about 3% above our three-year average so overall, we're still trending in -- we think in a good way. So remember, too, that a portion of our special waste is manufacturing related, that manufacturing waste is reccurring while you stream and those continue to be very stable and strong. And then the event business, similarly related to land clearing and construction, tends to be sporadic. That's what we're seeing. It's not that unusual that we would see these kind of movements. So we're -- I know overall construction remains pretty positive for us. So we think over the long term, we're still in pretty good shape there.
Don Slager: I think the formula is basically the same so for every $10 change in commodity prices for our basket of commodities it has about $0.03 in EPS impact on the business.
Don Slager: Well, it will change as we continue to change the contract. So what we'll do, Corey, is when we make enough progress, we'll reevaluate it and we'll update then -- probably and hopefully by the time we get to guidance next year, we'll have a new view of that.
Don Slager: And Joe, our expectation is with, one, our focus on price and our internal controls around price and then our tools and Tyler mentioned synergy -- our Capture and PBS so with our tools, we keep a very close eye on that. We're rewarding salespeople for selling intelligently so we think and plus the market the general market has been strong. Growth has been there and our whole strategy around growth differentiation. We think our value proposition to our customers continues to improve, right? All of that directionally says that we think we're going to continue to experience decent pricing in the open market because we will earn it and we can help offset some of these costs that we just can't normally offset through productivity so nothing has really changed in our MO or in the overall structure of the market.
Don Slager: Well, remember on landfill, specifically MSW, most of the waste that comes in is municipal under long term contracts. We have very little open market MSW coming into our landfills any more, just because we have priced those assets according to what a realistic return is for running a landfill. So but we do see decent pricing across the board.
Don Slager: Well, two things, right? The rollout of click-to-buy or eCommerce tools, right? We -- as I said in my commentary, we're already seeing very high percentage of new business coming through in those markets where we rolled it out. So the return comes from the fact that, that new business shows up with a lower cost of acquisition because basically people are self-serving, right? They are shopping online; they're making the business -- the buying choice without having the interface with a live human being knocking on doors. And then secondly, those online purchases tend to be and have been at a higher than average price because the convenience of shopping online has value. On top of that, those purchases have come with, frankly, a higher degree of contract compliance where customers are opting in for -- to a service agreement because of the convenience of everything. So all of those things have value and now that the tools are proven, they are really user friendly and now they are rolled out almost across all of our markets. We have to just continue to push participation and the payback will be there. And frankly, if you look around the consumerism, that's where it is today. And we've been probably a little late to the game as an industry but I think as an industry, we're probably ahead of many of the other people out there and certainly smaller competitors who don't have the capability or the resources to do this and that's, of course, part of our differentiation strategy, right? We've got to meet customers where they want to be, they want to do business they want do business, so overall, it's just one more slice of how we're going to compete in the market? How we're going to grow revenue intelligently and how we're going to do it ultimately at a lower cost to acquire.
Don Slager: Yes, I would say that we're on track. We're exactly where we thought we be. I actually -- as we said before, we're at the high end of our guidance right now. So we feel very comfortable with the volume growth we've seen in the velocity that we have for the rest of the year.
Don Slager: No, this is Don. I would say it's very broad-based across geographies, across most lines of business. So again, it's a -- we talk about the fundamentals being strong. We talk about the fact that we're still mid-cycle in the recovery. All of those things are pointing in the right direction. So we think it's a solid quarter and as Chuck said, we're reiterating guidance. We're saying that we think we'll l perform to the high end of that, as long as commodities hold up and the volume side as well. So we're pretty pleased with how the business is performing today and the economy is cooperating.
Don Slager: We maintained our margins. We continue to produce strong free cash so this business is built to withstand it and I think there's upside on the horizon. So --
Don Slager: So right now, keep in mind that here in the second quarter, the EBITDA margins were 28.3%, right? So consistent with last year, had a little bit of a headwind as we had mentioned in those margins because those legal settlements that we had talked about. So if you back those out, you're close to that 28.5% that we had guided to for the year. In the back half of the year, we continue to see strong EBITDA margins. keep in mind that work day that I had talked about will also benefit the margins in the fourth quarter of the year so right now, we still feel very comfortable with our EBITDA margin guidance.
Don Slager: Brian, you are probably going to see a heavier weighting to Q4 than Q3 again because of the workday that Chuck mentioned, we're going to get a benefit from that but also we have an easier comp in the fourth quarter from the EBITDA margin performance in the prior year so most of it will be weighted to Q4.
Don Slager: Well, I guess, I won't share with you what we think we have to shed because frankly, we go into this thinking that as contracts come up for renewals, that because of our relationships, because of our great service, because of all the work we're doing to improve the customer interfaces, we think we'll be able to extend the business. But this issue of having some contract losses is just the nature of our business for as long as we have been doing this. The point I'm pointing to it is that we had this little CPI environment for many years. We've taken it on the chin with certain customers and we get to a point of renegotiation and we have to express to a customer that when we entered into this agreement five or 10 years ago, we expected to see a 3% or 3.25% price increase as we modeled in old CPI. Instead, we have seen 1.6% or less price increase and our costs are going up at 2% or 2.25%. If a customer's not willing to understand the cost model and thinks that we're going to take another price reduction to go forward and it doesn't meet our return criteria, even though we may love the customer and enjoy being good citizen and good part of the community, we've got to have a return that's appropriate. So this is just business. Right now we're just pointing out that we expected to lose some of those contracts in Q2. That's why we saw the -- one of the reasons we saw the reduction from 2% volume growth in Q1 to 0.5%. I don't want to blow it out of proportion, it's just part of the business but it gets a little lumpy and when it happens, we've got to point it out. But at the same time, we're having a lot of other successes in extending business and improving our work and our value, building strong relationships. Bringing the better service and the differentiation model that we talk about so overall, net-net of net, directionally, the economy has been good to us. The Company is growing, our people are executing, the initiatives are deployed and we're seeing the benefits in the numbers. The quarter is performing right in line with where we thought we would be. And we're, again, saying that we're on top of our guidance and we expect it to hit at the upper end if we continue with just the same pricing -- or in commodity sales. So don't blow that out of proportion.
Don Slager: Thank you, Nicole. I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence and creating the Republic way. Thank you all for spending time with us today. Have a good evening and be safe out there.
Chuck Serianni: Certainly, what we're seeing here is a benefit from PBS and from Capture and that's what's allowed us to decrease our churn by about 30 basis points sequentially. The other thing that we have in here, Tyler is the fact that we're very much focused on ensuring that we're charging for all the services that we performed and that would include things like delivery fees and extra pick-ups. So that's really the focus that we have placed on these new tools and charging for the services has really allowed us to drive down that churn.
Chuck Serianni: I think when we think about it longer term, we will need to be successful in terms of switching our customers from CPI to some other pricing index which we're very much focused in on. Obviously, a little bit of a tailwind from commodity pricing would help us also. But we're beginning to see margin expansion, right? So we had gross margin expansion during the quarter, 20 basis points, as I mentioned. The other thing is that we still feel comfortable saying that we're going to have gross -- our EBITDA margin expansion during the year. Part of that is going to come from just our continuing -- continual focus on cost, including maintenance and labor and also we're going to get a little bit of a benefit from the reversal of the workday. So we feel really good about the progress that we're making this year in terms of the cost side of the equation and we feel good about being able to get back to those 30% margins.
Chuck Serianni: What I would add to that also is that we did see, as I mentioned before, we did see a step-down in residential volumes and that's because of certain contracts that we did not renew because they didn't meet our return criteria so keep that in mind also. The other thing is that you've got a 50 basis point sequential decline in volume, just due to the additional work day so that's obviously something that's driving the topline in a pretty significant manner. But as Don mentioned, we still remain comfortable with our guidance of hitting about 1% for the year in volume guidance which, as you mentioned, is that the upper end of our original guidance range.
Chuck Serianni: I think we need to keep in mind that core price includes the anniversarying of recycling collection prices that we pushed real hard in Q1 of last year. So because those anniversaried, we had a little bit of a headwind in core price but as we mentioned before, even though we had that headwind, we were able to keep average yield consistent at 2%.
Chuck Serianni: Yes, this is pretty much the bottom right now in terms of restrictive pricing. Obviously, we've got a little bit of a CPI headwind in the second half of the year but that's already contemplated in our guidance. But the should be close to the bottom right now.
Chuck Serianni: And on top of that we're also going to continue to convert people to the alternative indices and we're also going to deal with the -- some of the pricing that we have today in and around the recycling to make that fair for us. That's going to continue to happen through this cycle and then as we've always said, a little bit of inflation is good and if we see some of that come through that, at some point, will help us well.
Chuck Serianni: And we have said, our operating costs are improving, right? We think that continues through the second half; again, this legal settlement doesn't repeat. Those are the things that will continue to pull that EBITDA margin up through the end of the year.
Chuck Serianni: Well, just think of it this way is that in the first quarter when we actually had one extra day, it was about 50 basis point drag on margin so think of something similar in Q4 but obviously flipping the other way.
Chuck Serianni: We continue to get strong price on the small container piece of the business, once again for the quarter, it was 3.7% for the quarter.
