Edward A. Lang: Good afternoon, Lisa. Welcome, and thank you for joining us. This is Ed Lang, and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' Third Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Don Slager, our CEO; Glenn Culpepper, our CFO, and Brian DelGhiaccio, Vice President of Investor Relations, are joining me as we discuss our third quarter 2013 performance. Before we get started, I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is October 31, 2013. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities, along with a recording of this call are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When presentations are scheduled, the dates and times are posted on our website, along with instructions for listening to the live webcast of the event. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Edward A. Lang: Thanks, Glenn. Third quarter 2013 interest expense was $90 million, which included $12 million of noncash amortization. Our third quarter 2013 effective tax rate of 35.2% was favorably impacted by realizing additional federal and state credits on our 2012 tax returns. As Don mentioned earlier, this provided a $0.03 EPS benefit in the third quarter versus our expectations. Looking forward to 2014, we expect to return to our normal statutory effective tax rate of approximately 39.5%. Our estimated full year 2013 effective tax rate is approximately 36.5%, which assumes a 39.5% rate in the fourth quarter. The increase in tax rate creates a $0.10 EPS headwind year-over-year. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $469 million and in line with our expectations. Adjusted free cash flow included net capital expenditures of $689 million or 83% of our projected full year spend. Cash flow can vary quarter-to-quarter, based on the timing of capital expenditures and working capital. With the expiration of bonus depreciation at the end of 2013, we expect an increase in cash taxes next year. We have not completed our annual planning process, but we anticipate free cash flow will be relatively flat in 2014. I will now discuss the balance sheet. At September 30, our accounts receivable balance was $907 million and our days sales outstanding was 38 days or 25 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was approximately $7 billion at September 30, and excess availability under our bank facility was approximately $1.5 billion. I'll now turn the call back to Don.
Edward A. Lang: Joe, this is Ed. We don't really break out or give guidance to EBITDA margin by line of business. I think what we really saw the change in special waste in the quarter. As Don mentioned in his speaker notes, is that we had been awarded a number of projects actually last year. And what we had seen starting probably Q3 of '12 is some of these government-run projects being delayed for various reasons. We have now seen those projects now come back online. One of the larger projects we have right now is a port cleanup in San Diego. But really, what we're seeing now is these projects will occur because they're environmental cleanup. It's just that given some of the political noise we've had over the past year, they had been delayed. But we see those projects coming free and we're getting that revenue now, which you would view as special waste on a recurring basis like our E&P business. We did not really see any disruption in those volumes at all. It was really some of this event work, kind of environmental cleanup that had been delayed, but we definitely see these projects coming back into the pipeline.
Edward A. Lang: Alex, in a typical year, as far as municipal contracts coming up for renewal, generally, is in a range of $300 million to $350 million. So essentially, we have to -- we'll be employing this discipline as we look at those renewals.
Edward A. Lang: And we accomplished that here in the third quarter, meaning we started to see the lower CPI roll into our numbers beginning July 1 and we were able to make up what we lost there with price increases in the open market. So we're getting the job done today.
Edward A. Lang: We view our investment in the natural gas infrastructure as being a competitive advantage and we don't want to share that with other folks.
Edward A. Lang: It depends on the size, $1.5 million to $2 million. You also have to realize you have a different maintenance environment. So there are some other changes which need to occur. And really, from a safety perspective, you don't really want folks that are not part of Republic coming on the property. We're not a fuel retailer. We're in the business of solid waste management.
Donald W. Slager: No, there really hasn't. Let me walk you through because when you think about volume, we've got to look at it through several different lenses, Hamzah. The first one is on the landfill side. As I said in my comments, we've consistently lost landfill MSW volume over the last 3 years. So we've consistently priced those assets because of the high cost nature of those landfills and we've consistently lost volume for the last several years and so -- by, frankly, a substantial amount. So we continue to price, even in light of that landfill volume loss and those volumes leaving our system and going to other landfills. On the collections side of the business, we made a point a couple of years ago with the fact that there wasn't a lot of organic growth and CPI was low and so on, that we weren't going to surrender our high-quality business during that time and we were going to really hold the line on our volume and we've done that. As volume has returned, again, we're really only seeing organic volume growth in a couple of places, and we mentioned National Accounts, C&D roll-off specifically and special waste has gotten better over the last quarter. So if special waste comes in a pretty good margin, as I mentioned in my comments, we've seen really nice growth in the roll-off system. And we've seen not only volume growth but we've seen pricing improvements and we've seen margin enhancement at the same time. So we're proving that we can improve both volume and price and margin in that system with that kind of growth. So we've been saying for a long time, we think when the economy returns, we're going to see it start with housing formation into construction. At some point, that's going to convert into business formation. And hopefully, we might see some change in service increases and so forth, business formation in the commercial lines and we'd like to see that same performance happen. But we consistently price our business across all lines of businesses, as I've said. Again, we're not walking away from good business, but I think we've demonstrated our willingness to hold the line at the landfill because of the nature of that asset. And also, we've walked away from some substantial municipal business this year and we just couldn't get down in the trenches and lower our prices as much as the competition could, so we're going to see some headwind from that in 2014.
Donald W. Slager: No, not really. We mentioned -- we're going to continue the major cost initiatives we talked about, the automation, the CNG conversion. The maintenance initiative, we've slowed that down here in the latter half of '14 -- or '13, I'm sorry. So we haven't rolled out any new divisions on One Fleet. We talked about that cost abating year-over-year. We're going to go back and shore up all those divisions that have already gone through the process and get those certified. Ultimately, then, we're going to see that benefit I talked about in the capital spend in our truck fleet out in '15. But nothing other than that. We're sticking to those projects and we think they've got good returns.
Donald W. Slager: Yes. Special waste was our -- probably our brightest spot in the quarter, the -- having seen that volume come back after kind of a slow Q2. But we did get a little more ground covered in the open market on pricing. Keep in mind, Al, we've got 7% defection in our permanent commercial and permanent roll-off business in an open market. And so as that business leaves the system, we have to replace it. And, again, we replaced that business to keep our volumes consistent. And that new business comes in at a lower-than-average price. The business that leaves the system leaves at a higher-than-average price and that's churn, all right? So that's consistent. It's not a new phenomenon. We've seen it for many years. It's good that it's held stable at 7%. So we're happy about that. Meanwhile, with the slow CPI environment, we've gone into that open market and we've tried to get just a little more pricing in that open market and we've been pretty successful with it. But it's really on the margin. So that's helped us offset this effect of low CPI and we've been in a low CPI environment now for 3 years. And it doesn't look like we're going to have any relief from that for at least 1 or 2 years.
Donald W. Slager: Well, you got a couple of questions there, Al. The headwind from CPI is real. Our true inflation, net of all the productivity, is a little better than that, a little stronger than that. We've got to continue to hold the line on the quality volume we have. We've got to get a little more creative in other areas of pricing. And I mentioned in my comments, we're working on some initiatives within the sales organization to improve pricing at the point-of-sale to see if we can continue to improve fee participation. There's a number of those things we'll continue to do in '14 to try to tweak a little more price out of the system in the open market that -- where we're not restricted based on the CPI. So we've got our work cut out for us there. But we've got some new tools we're putting to work. We've made some investments in some software to expand the capability of our pricing tool. And we think we'll get some better control and a better outcome.
Donald W. Slager: Yes, the commercial volume, Michael, is only about 1%. We won some new contracts, some new franchise contracts, I guess, that have more commercial business than them. So that's outside of those wins, just normal commercial growth coming in at about that 1% range.
Donald W. Slager: Yes. We're starting to see it. So again, we're -- for a couple of quarters now in a row, service increases are outweighing service decreases. So I think that's -- it's nice to say that for the first time that we've seen that for quarters 2 straight. So we're not declaring victory there yet because it's coming back pretty slowly. But all those trends are kind of pointing in the right direction. And again, just like I talked about in the roll-off business, and we have this trend of seeing volume come back and roll off, and seeing pricing take traction and roll off, as we see more organic volume in commercial and see some service increases coming back, that will help drive the margin in that business for us as well in upcoming years.
Donald W. Slager: Well, again, let's do a little history lesson here, right? If we go back 2006 and 2009, our yield exceeded our cost inflation because we had this sort of average 3.3% CPI environment, okay? The last 3 years, we've had an average 1.6% CPI environment, and we've had to struggle doing that. So we know that at least next year, our CPI is going to be 1.5%. So we don't see much relief coming in '14. And we know, it's this 18-month lag. So we've got that going for us, okay? So I think the strategy still works. The approach we've taken still works. We need to stay vigilant on these cost initiatives we've deployed so far. We need to execute those well. When you get anniversarying this One Fleet initiative into next year, that will start to help us and -- but then, it really all depends really, Michael, on some of the market from there, right? And so what's really going on in this open market? And can we got a little more advantage there? And then it's going to happen -- it's going to matter what happens with landfill pricing. Again, we've lost landfill volume consistently every year for years. And that landfill volume has found a cheaper home and it's going to matter to see what happens there.
Donald W. Slager: Yes. We're really not giving '14 guidance, Corey. We're trying to help you guys understand the exit speed here. We've had some inflection with special waste, which is positive. Again, this inflection in industrial roll-off is a very positive sign. So that's something we can put a stake in the ground on and see continued benefit from. It's a little too early to talk about when commercial is really going to take off for us. This very slightly positive trend in service increases, again very slightly positive, and we'll see where it goes. We still have headwinds in residential. We've seen a lot of price pressure in residential. We've had to take some rollbacks. We're going to take a stronger position on those rollbacks in '14, we think, but we've got still a substantial book of business that's coming for renewal. And we've seen some real competitive behavior there. And we've had to walk away from some business. So that's going to cause a little drag on us. So we're still doing our business plan. And we're still working through all these things. And we'll bring you the full-blown guidance in February, like we always do.
Donald W. Slager: Well, one, I'd point out our recycling business has actually performed pretty in line with our expectations. So we're not caught offguard there. We would like to see some more benefit accrued to the company with the way recycling contracts operate, better pass-throughs on some of these expenses around Green Fence and so forth could help us. But remember, if recycling volumes come back, we get a pretty big boost from our volumes -- I mean, pricing, we get pretty big boost from these facilities. So we're working with our customers to weave some of this kind of language into our contract. It gives us a little more protection. But this is going to take a long, long time to work through the system. These municipalities are used to buying products a certain way and it's going to take a while for any of those kind of changes to catch on.
Donald W. Slager: Yes. I mean, we always are. We're always looking for ways to improve the balance and make sure that the fairness in that -- in those contracts work for both parties.
Donald W. Slager: Well, I think it's going to grow at a reasonably steady pace going forward. We're frankly less interested these days in those really super large accounts because they tend to be a little more volatile. Maybe we learned that lesson. So we're still focused a little bit more on -- with some of the regional customers, some of the accounts that we're closer to. We're also expanding our share of wallet with those same customers and doing more for them. And so we talked about the fact that we're doing more business that requires us to broker. We're handling their white goods or their recyclables. We're the contractor, then we hire a subcontractor to do some of that work. So we're -- again, we're working to add more value and improve the service offering with those customers to be their waste stream expert, so to speak. And so we're going to continue to focus on -- it's good business, it's got a good return and it is one of the areas that we think will grow for some time.
Donald W. Slager: Yes. I think we got this state of municipal finance that's been weak and we've talked about a lot of that. You look at some of the data that's out there, about the condition of the general fund in these cities and the way their tax base has been affected over the years. It doesn't surprise me that cities are looking for discounts, it does surprise me that some of the pricing we've seen by some of the players out there and really more some of those smaller, regional and those kind of companies. But they're capitally-intensive deployments with all the CNG requirements now. They put contracts on automation, everything else they want. Cities are asking for a lot more services without wanting to pay a lot more price. And at some point, we just have to draw the line because we've got to get that ROI moving in the right direction for the organization. So we're going to take a few hits there and we're also using that tough environment to battle back and actually use some privatization work. So we've had a couple of nice privatization wins in the year, albeit smaller ones. I'm not sure they're going to be able to offset the revenue loss in total.
Donald W. Slager: I think, I said, we're going to enter Q4 -- enter next year with positive volume, positive price for the first time since '07. So I think we've got good trend going. We're -- we found, I think, the basement in commercial, kind of bump it along even a little positive. We've got this boost in industrial, which has performed well not only the volume but the pricing and margin. Landfill is hard for us. As I said, we've lost virtually all of our third-party competitive MSW volume. So we don't get the benefit of that volume but we also don't get the benefit of those customers when they grow their volume. So that's going to work against us a little bit. But all in all, I mean, it's a pretty good story. We need to work through some of these costs where, as we talked about, controlling the capital. And in this tough CPI environment, it's kind of the tail that wags the dog for us, when half of our business is restricted. So we have to work through '14's CPI environment.
Donald W. Slager: Yes, that's right. So 50% is indexed and 60% of that 50% -- you're right. Nevertheless, it's a pretty big chunk.
Donald W. Slager: Yes. Again, we're not trying to dial too much into '14 on this call. We're trying to give you kind of where we are through the year and how we're going to end the year. We're still working through the business plan to getting through all that. We -- as I said, we're going to work harder on those renewals. And we're going to take a stronger position on the rollbacks. We're still going to protect volume that has a high return. And we're going to have the discipline to walk away from volume that doesn't have an appropriate return. We can't keep throwing capital and additional service into some of these contracts that don't have the return criteria that we need to move forward. So we think that's been spiraling down over the last several years. We're probably halfway through that book of business. And we would like to see it spiral back up. But we've got to get the work done and business plan to get a better handle on where we think it's going to come off in '14.
Donald W. Slager: Well, I think that's just the lag, the natural lag. When you read about housing starts and then you see the production of waste from that construction, it just lags. So I think that's what we're experiencing today. I would tell you, we think we're getting our fair share of that business...
Donald W. Slager: Yes. Stewart, we're -- currently, 11% of our fleet is on natural gas vehicles. We have a fleet of 15,000 trucks. We buy about 1,000 trucks per year as our replacement program. And we've been buying about half CNG trucks and about half diesel. So we're kind of upping that percentage, if you like, 3% or 3.5% per year. And as far as the fueling stations, we use it only for our own trucks. We don't fuel anybody else's.
Donald W. Slager: No, no. Because if you think about it, we have to fuel our trucks every day. And we do that in the evening, when the trucks are idle and there's no -- we have no plans to be a retailer of fuels.
Donald W. Slager: Well, I think what matters to National Account customers is, as I used the term earlier, they're looking for somebody to be their waste expert, somebody who can understand all the aspects of the waste stream and help them manage them. So whether that is recycling, diversion of white goods, all those kinds of things, the things we do. Reporting is important to large customers, who have a distributed network. They want access to data that helps them understand what's going on at their locations. And so that's an important aspect. We've got customer service tools, our portal that they can access their information and manage their information online through our system. So those are the kind of things that we incorporate into our presentations to customers. They get really good service. And we've got a third-party hauler network in those markets that we don't serve to help us out, to give us that broad reach. So all in all, I think we do a good job for them. And we're finding other ways to meet their needs, albeit some of those new ways don't really require our capital, our brick-and-mortar, but we're finding with opportunities through other alliances and other third-party networks to meet their needs and just be their go-to company and sort of take the worries off of their plate. So that's what we do for our customers. And we'll continue to find those accounts that -- and customers that see the value in them.
Donald W. Slager: Well, we're not in the, for instance, the e-waste business. We haven't built any infrastructure around that. So when it comes to certain slices of the waste stream, we work through alliances. We don't have -- we're not in the medical waste business so -- even though we have alliances for that. So what we try to do is stick with the, what we call, traditional recycling, the fiber, which is the highest content of the waste stream. And that's where we play with our own people and our own trucks. And then we rely on these other partners to help us fill in the gaps.
Donald W. Slager: Well, on the M&A side, as I said in my comments, we think that we've got a couple more years of spending, about $100 million in spend to buy good companies at that same multiple and in tuck-in environments, so in cities and markets we're already in. We're looking at collection companies and occasionally some infrastructure that helps fill out our network. So we've got a pretty good pipeline and we haven't seen multiples necessarily change. We're always looking for good companies and we think we've got the ability to continue to do that. On the special waste side, as Ed said, the business can be a little lumpy but more so on the event-driven business. So again, what we saw happen in Q3 was sort of picking up some of that pent-up demand that was deferred from Q2. So we think that will even out in Q4 and then settle down to be as good as average or better than average in '14.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, Lisa. I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence and creating the Republic way. Thank you for spending time with us today and have a safe evening.
