Charles F. Serianni: Thanks, Don. Fourth quarter revenue was approximately $2.6 billion, an increase of $181 million or 7.6% over the prior year. This 7.6% increase in revenue includes internal growth of 5.6% and acquisitions of 2%. The components of our 5.6% internal growth rate are as follows, first, average yield increased 2.4%. Average yield in the collection business was 2.8%, which included 3.8% in the small container business, 2.4% in the large container business, and 2% in the residential business. Average yield in the post collection business was 1.5%, which included landfill MSW of 2.1%. Total core price, which measures price increases less rollbacks, was 4.1%. Core price consisted of 5.1% in the open market and 2.4% in the restricted portion of our business. This is the fifth consecutive quarter we've seen a sequential improvement in restricted core price. The second component of our internal growth rate is total volume, which increased 2.7% over the prior year. Volumes in the collection business increased 20 basis points. Within the collection business, large container volume increased 2.3% and included a 3.7% increase in temporary C&D hauls and a 2.1% increase in recurring hauls. Residential collection volumes decreased 1.2%. The decrease was expected and resulted from not renewing certain contracts that fell below our return criteria. And finally, small container volume decreased 50 basis points. Small container volumes included a 110 basis point impact from intentionally shedding broker work, which we view as non-regrettable. Excluding these losses, small container volumes increased by 60 basis points. In the post collection business, which includes landfills and transfer stations, third party volumes increased 9%. Landfill volumes increased 16.5%, and included growth in special waste of 37.9% and C&D of 31.6%. MSW volumes decreased 1%. The strong double-digit growth in event-driven landfill volumes will create a difficult comp in 2018. The third component of our internal growth rate is fuel recovery fees, which increased 50 basis points. The increase relates to a rise in the cost of fuel. The average price per gallon of diesel increased to $2.87 in the fourth quarter from $2.47 in the prior year, an increase of 16%. The current average diesel price is $3.09 per gallon. The next component, energy services revenue, increased 60 basis points. The growth in energy services revenue is primarily due to an increase in drilling activity in the Permian Basin, where we are well-positioned. And the final component of our internal growth is recycled commodity revenue, which decreased 60 basis points. The decrease in commodity sales revenue primarily relates to reduction in recycled commodity prices. Excluding glass and organics, average commodity prices decreased 7% to $125 per ton in the fourth quarter from $134 per ton in the prior year. Next I will discuss changes in margin. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 27.2%, which compares to 27.9% in the prior year. The change includes a 40 basis point increase in landfill operating costs, a 50 basis point headwind due to a change in revenue mix from acquisitions and related integration costs, and a 30 basis point headwind from recycling. Excluding these items, we had 50 basis points of margin expansion from strong open market pricing in volume growth, demonstrating the operating leverage in our business. I want to remind you that we provide a detailed schedule of cost of operations and SG&A expenses in our 8-K filing. Fourth quarter interest expense was $93 million and included $11 million of non-cash amortization. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was approximately 32% due to favorable tax settlements and tax planning opportunities. The net impact of these tax items increased EPS by approximately $0.03 during the quarter. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $934 million. Free cash flow exceeded our expectations, primarily due to bonus depreciation. On a per share basis, adjusted free cash flow increased 7% over the prior year. Before I turn the call back over to Don to discuss our 2018 guidance, I want to briefly discuss an accounting change in 2018. Beginning this year, certain payments to customers that were previously recognized as cost of operations will be reclassified to contra revenue. Examples of these payments include recycled commodity rebates and franchise fees. The change will result in lower revenue and expenses with no change to EBITDA. The impact of the accounting change has been incorporated into our 2018 guidance, which is detailed in our 8-K filing. I will now turn the call back to Don.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah, absolutely. So when you think about commodities, think about a headwind of about 20 to 40 basis points. When you think about change in mix primarily due to the ReCommunity acquisition, think about 30 basis points. So that would tell you – the math would tell you then that you've got 80 basis points of expansion just coming from the business. And part of that, as you had mentioned, is because of the CRCs.
Charles F. Serianni: It's really because of the special event volumes that we had in 2017. When you think about special waste in Q4, here being 37.9%, I can never remember a number that large before. So, that just creates a bit of a comp for us. But let me explain it this way also, Andrew. If you strip out the broker and the event business, then the volume growth in 2018 will be closer to 1% to 1.25%.
Charles F. Serianni: Yes. So we're about 81%, 82% fixed. The rest is floating. And we're going to constantly look and we have constantly looked at making sure that we have the appropriate view in terms of liability management. And we'll see what happens in terms of rate increases in 2018. But I'd also say that we've already contemplated a couple of rate increases in 2018 in our guidance.
Charles F. Serianni: 27% is the rate that we're guiding to, and that's the appropriate rate for 2018. But having said that, we continue to look at opportunities to lower that rate.
Charles F. Serianni: I think the volume growth is pretty consistent year-over-year. So in 2017, we reported a growth of 2.5% and that includes really strong special waste volume, C&D volumes, some of that actually coming through from the hurricanes also. So when you factor all of that out, and you kind of look at it on an apples-to-apples basis, I think the volume growth year-over-year is pretty consistent.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah. Keep in mind that first half, we're coming off of commodity prices that were really strong. First half of last year, kind of circa $160 a ton. So, we would say that you're going to see the majority of the margin expansion towards the second half of the year.
Charles F. Serianni: Yeah, I don't know that it's necessarily hit a ceiling yet. I think that obviously, 5% core growth on the open market is very, very strong. But Don had mentioned before a little bit of inflation, and not only does that help you on the restricted portion of the business, it also helps you a little bit in the open market. So I think that we've got a little bit of room to grow there.
Donald W. Slager: Thanks, Chuck. Before going to Q&A, I'd like to review the highlights of our financial guidance. In 2018, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be in a range of $3.05 to $3.10, which is consistent with the preliminary outlook we provided last October, adjusted for the benefit from tax reform. This represents 27% growth in earnings over the prior year or 12% growth after normalizing for the change in taxes and recycled commodity prices. We expect adjusted free cash flow of approximately $1.1 billion, which is also consistent with our preliminary outlook, adjusted for the benefit of tax reform. This represents 21% growth in free cash flow per share or 13% growth on a normalized basis. We expect annual revenue growth of 4% to 4.5%. This includes average yield of approximately 2.25%. We expect the open market pricing environment in 2018 to be relatively similar to 2017. Next, we expect volume to be essentially flat versus the prior year. In 2017, event-driven volume – landfill volumes increased 20% due to several one-time large soil jobs and hurricane-related cleanup work that we don't expect to reoccur in 2018. And finally, we expect revenue growth from acquisitions of 2%. This relates primarily to tuck-in acquisitions and rollover impact from 2017 transactions. Next, we expect an adjusted EBITDA margin of 28.8% to 29%. 2018 net capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $1.1 billion. Given the strength of our 2018 deal pipeline, we anticipate investing over $150 million in tuck-in acquisitions. And finally, we expect to return approximately $1.2 billion of total cash to shareholders through $450 million in dividends and $775 million in share repurchases. In summary, the current economic backdrop and industry fundamentals, combined with our robust acquisition pipeline, position us well to deliver another year of strong financial results. Investments we are making for the benefit of our people, customers and communities will provide positive results and create a long-term value for our shareholders. At this time, operator, we'll open the call to questions.
Donald W. Slager: Yes. So look, overall, our labor cost increases over the last several years have been pretty consistent. So, I'll start with that as a backdrop. Even when the recession was sort of at its worst, deepest, longest, we continued to adjust our people's pay. So we continue to give raises throughout periods of time, frankly where other employers were not giving raises. We continued to improve benefits. We continued to work on the work environment. So we don't see necessarily for us a big change coming. We put a lot of effort into employee engagement and to make it a great place to work. And we put a lot of work into making sure that our frontline people and all of our people frankly are paid according to the market and fair to market. So, it's not like we've got this sort of pent-up issue. Having said that, wages – direct wages are about 20% of our total revenue.
Donald W. Slager: And if you add in – that's driver frontline, if you add in the maintenance wages in that part of SG&A, that's people, it's about 30% all in. And we've done a good job managing these cost. And we've done a good job managing our benefits while still providing competitive and good benefit programs. So that's not really keeping me up at night. I think we're just going to answer we're fine. And then with CPI coming up, that just gives us additional help, right? So, we've been sort of the victims, if you will, of an artificially low CPI environment. And we've done a good job of holding our margins pretty strong through that. As CPI improves, we'll get some benefit. Remember, a little bit inflation ultimately is a good thing for us. So, I remember the days when inflation was sort of 3-ish percent. We saw that flow through our business pretty well. So that's not the – that's not worrisome. Mario Cortellacci - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Thank you so much. Appreciate it.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. If I could just add something, Tyler, we're expecting to see margin expansion in all lines of our collection business in 2018. So that is the benefit of having great market position, of building density market by market, and again, that good macro backdrop. So, we expect to see that operating leverage continue to come through the business.
Donald W. Slager: How about if I take that, Tyler. Yeah. We – as I always say, let us get to 30% and then we'll get to 31%, but yeah, it's just simple math, remember, the two big things that have kind of kept us down in the margin department has been this CPI headwind, right, and sort of fluctuations in commodities, and we had shared with you last year, pre-tax reform, that if not for those two issues over the last several years, we'd be sort of above 31%. Right? So that 30% is sort of realistic target. Adjust for tax, we're still going to move the margins forward, and again, a little bit help from CPI and our – sort of we got an internal program we call sort of Reimagined Recycling (sic) [Recycling Reimagined] (26:19) as we make that business better and more sustainable economically, we're going to get there.
Donald W. Slager: Yes, so we've got $135 a ton in the plan for the year sort of through 2018. January is a little bit weaker than that, $120 a ton. So, our budget is $135, and we think based on what we know about the business, that it will come back through the year. And so we still feel pretty safe with that assumption of using $1.35 (sic) [$135] (27:27). So let me just speak a minute about China, right? So, we historically have told you that about 30% of our fiber moves to China. Over the last several months, we've been moving fiber to different locations. And now today, this minute, only about 10% of the fiber goes to China. So, we've kind of isolated that issue, if you will, for the time being. Having said that, I'll remind you that we've always felt and we always do produce a pretty good quality product. And so our recycle bales, et cetera, are pretty easy to move. We've never had to inventory material. We've never had to landfill material. Our – so anyways, we've actually opened new markets in Europe and in other parts of Asia. So we feel pretty good about where we stand from a sort of a supply chain freight movement perspective. And then the free market's going to work. And ultimately, the increase for consumer packaging we think will drive – mark the price back to where it belongs. And frankly, some of the bad actors that caused this problem in the first place, and we weren't one of them, they're going to have to get their act together, and then sort of the whole market improves. So we're still pretty positive.
Donald W. Slager: Okay, let me add to that. We continue to believe that our optimal leverage, debt to EBITDA leverage, is right about 3 times. And anywhere between 2.5 to 3 times works for us, and so as long as we can continue to put money to work in the market to buy good business, to invest in the business, maintain our leverage at a very acceptable rate of 3 times, and to Chuck's point, manage that portfolio as well as he and the treasury team do, it's a good place to be. So, we're in pretty good position. Remember too, right, I've got a couple things. Always remember, our business is a little bit different, right? Necessary service, long views into the incoming cash flows because of the large percentage of our customers under contract, long views in the outflows of cash because of the stability of CapEx in some of those cash flows or outflows, so – and also, we like the economy, right? So, the economy is doing well now. If the economy flutters a little bit, which we don't anticipate in 2018, we get a pretty good warning sign.
Donald W. Slager: And we get the sort of benefit from the ongoing housing and those kind of things at start. So that's one of the good things about the waste space. So we're...
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. Really not a lot more color here. I would just – I would have you look to the public statement that Bridgestone landfill put out. That's really a statement that you need to check out and review all the facts there that you need. I would just add really the punch line, and that is, given the landfill did not generate this material nor did the landfill transport the material, our belief is that the landfill, it doesn't really have a much ultimate financial responsibility, and it should be limited. So that's really what you need to really focus on, and the rest of it is in the public statement.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. So, actually, the sensitivity has changed a little bit because of tax reform. So now with $10 change in recycled commodity prices changes EPS by approximately $0.04.
Donald W. Slager: Okay, that's a mouthful. So as it relates to alternative fuel, right, we've been pretty busy over the last several years moving portions of our fleet toward CNG. And we'll continue to do that over time. And today...
Donald W. Slager: ...19% of our fleet runs on compressed natural gas. So – and we started out by building more fueling centers and then kind of consolidating more and more, expanding to those spaces so we get the maximum benefit. As it relates to other technology, we for years have used camera technology and what I would call sonar technology like you have in your personal car that gives you an audible warning if you're backing up close to something. As far as technology within the truck that comes through the manufacturer, there are some really great telematics-type technology that we can use today that comes with the truck that helps us monitor, maintenance, other things. Those are great tools, integrate well with us. We've always used a computer-based routing system to route our trucks. And we will, over the next few years, begin to move more and more technology into the cab. And frankly, that will help us, from a productivity perspective, from a safety perspective, but more and more, even to connect us to customers. So, we'll continue to go down that road. As it relates to things like autonomous vehicles, we've talked about this a little bit. There's several levels of autonomy. And so, just like in your personal car, things like lane change warnings and those kind of things. Those are now starting to be developed by Class 8 truck manufacturers. We will put those to work in our trucks. And I think personally, we're quite a ways away from full autonomous vehicles. And I think frankly, our industry will be one of the last industries to go that way. And one of the reasons is consider the fact that it's not only a truck going like down the interstate like somebody going from Des Moines to Omaha, but our trucks have to stop every so many feet. So somebody has to get out and open the gate and move a container, and that would frankly take two automated or autonomous vehicles to do that work. So now you're really starting to see kind of what we're up against. But we are – I'll tell you this, we're the seventh largest vocational fleet in the nation. We've got some very good fleet professionals on our team, and we are at the table talking with manufacturers, not only chassis but also body manufacturers to take out weight to improve longevity and all those things. So we're not phobic about it, we're just being realistic and practical, and we're going to invest where there's a good ROI and we're going to keep pace with these developments. So, right now, what we've got cooking for 2018 is baked in the guidance we've given you. And as we accomplish these goals and we get past to sort of the next developments, sort of the next investments we'll make in fleet, we'll keep you updated, and we'll let you work those into the numbers when it's time.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. Because we had pretty good growth, we had pretty good growth in the year, right, so – yeah, so, we had growth, you hit that. We've got a little landfill development which is good and part of it is growth. But it's still kind of hanging in that 10% revenue range, right? And then as I said, as you pointed out, $25 million-ish or so next year in redeploying some cash into facility upgrades for our frontline people and a little bit of fleet infusion here to get that ball rolling.
Donald W. Slager: Yes. So think about it this way, Michael, the federal rate is probably a $180 million-ish (46:22). And then you get about $50 million of bonus depreciation on top of that for the year. But then you got a couple of negatives that you need to contemplate also. One is lower state tax deductions, right, because you've got less of a shield. And the other one is changes to the deductibility of certain expenses, right? So...
Donald W. Slager: ...you've heard about the change in deductibility of like meals and entertainment, so all of that nets out to the $190 million.
Donald W. Slager: Right. First of all, I think that's five questions, Michael, but okay. Yes, so look, here's to our position. I think most of the selling that we're seeing just frankly happens to be companies who are getting to that cycle in their timeframe, okay? And here's what I always try to say. Look, if someone started a business 10 years ago and they're still at a point where they've got the energy to build the business, maybe they're at a certain age or whatever, a little bit of tax reform isn't going push them at the age of 35 or 45 to sell their business, and they're probably not going to do that. But if you've got a business that you're already in the window, you've already – you're already thinking about generational planning, you're already thinking about, hey, my whole life's work and my – I'm the third generation and in my whole family's work and it's time to monetize this, then yeah, I think maybe the tax reform might push you forward. But you've got to be in that decision point. I mean, here's the thing. It's a great business. And we've got – there's a lot of small companies that we buy, tuck-in acquisitions. We buy some really nice companies that have run a long time. I mean, where these people have put their heart and soul into it, they've built really nice businesses, and they're not just going to walk away from them just for a couple of percent. But you get if they're in the window, this may be what they've been waiting for. So we'll certainly be ready to do that. We've got really good people out there talking to companies who are thinking of selling today. That's why I say the pipeline – when I say the pipeline, it's not hearsay, it's people we've already talked to, it's people that we think are in the position to make a decision. So that's why we're confident in it. But I don't think this by itself will cause each and every person to move. Remember too, the smaller the company is, the less taxes they pay. Frankly, very small private entrepreneurs, they're not paying a lot of income tax today, and their businesses are almost designed that way. So this doesn't really create a windfall for them.
Donald W. Slager: Yes, so, right. We had the special waste we mentioned in the remarks, and we still have a little broker volume that we're walking away from. We still have a couple of national accounts that just – they're not making it for us. And we've got a couple of residential customers out there that we haven't been able to convince to pay us what we deserve, and we're going to have to walk away from those accounts in 2018. So we're still taking a very strong approach to making sure we're getting the right return on the work we're doing, the right return on the investments we're making. And that's going to continue. Meanwhile, again, we always say it, look at the cash flow. The cash flow is the story. And so we're getting our fair share of growth. As I said earlier in Q&A, we expect margin expansion in all of our lines of collection business. Some of that is coming from growth. Some of that is coming from good pricing. Some of that's coming from productivity. But the business is healthy, strong, and we're making other very intentional decisions around volume to make sure that we're only doing what we're getting the right return for.
Donald W. Slager: Yeah. Look, when customers are seeing inflation in their business, right, they're not seeing it from us, they're seeing it from other suppliers. And it makes it easier to have the conversation about what price adjustments are possible and necessary. So, a good – we've always maintained that a reasonably consistent inflation is good for our business. And if you look historically, it always has been, and if CPI moves higher, it helps us in the fixed portion. It clearly carries over than it historically has in the open market. So, again, we think the future is strong as it relates to that. So, when I hear about a little bit of CPI happening, I feel good about it.
Donald W. Slager: Thank you, Denise. I would like to thank all of Republic employees for their hard work, commitment serving our customers, and dedication to operational excellence and upholding the Republic way. Thank you for spending time with us today, everybody. Remember to be safe out there. Have a good evening.
