Edward Lang: Thank you, Jacqueline. Welcome, and good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. This is Ed Lang, and I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services' Fourth Quarter 2010 Conference Call. Don Slager, our CEO; Tod Holmes, our CFO, are joining me as we discuss our fourth quarter and full year performance. Before we get started, I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information that we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties and may be materially different from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that would cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Additionally, the material we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is February 10, 2011. Please note that this call is the property of Republic Services, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Edward Lang: Thanks, Tod. Q4 2010 interest expense of $120 million includes $23 million of noncash amortization. As we continue to refinance our debt, the portion related to the Allied debt discount of $10 million will decline. In 2011, we expect to refinance debt that matures throughout the year as well as call the notes due in May of 2016. Our EPS guidance includes the favorable impact of refinancing this debt with total interest expense in a range of $445 million to $455 million. This includes noncash interest of about $70 million. Our guidance excludes any premiums paid or discounts written off in connection with the early extinguishments. I will now discuss the full year free cash flow. Full year adjusted free cash flow was $776 million which consisted of: Cash provided by operating activities of $1.434 billion; less property and equipment received of $849 million; plus proceeds from the sale of property of $37 million; merger-related expenditures net of tax of $20 million; divestiture-related tax payments of $23 million; and legacy tax settlements related to BFI of $111 million. And the adjusted free cash flow, again, was $776 million. I want to note that we spent $14 million more on capital expenditures than our most recent guidance, primarily due to an acceleration of planned 2011 purchases. As Don talked about in our guidance, we expect 2011 adjusted free cash flow in a range of $875 million to $900 million. This includes approximately $100 million of cash tax benefit from the new tax laws extending bonus depreciation. Since this is an acceleration of the tax deduction for depreciation on vehicles and equipment purchase, this cash tax benefit will reverse in future periods. Now I'd like to comment on the balance sheet. At December 31, our accounts receivable balance was $829 million, and our day sales outstanding was 37 days or 24 days net of deferred revenue. Reported debt was approximately $6.7 billion at December 31, and excess credit availability under our bank facility was approximately $1.6 billion. In the last two years, we have paid off more than $1.3 billion of outstanding debt, and we closed 2010 with a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of less than 2.9x. By the end of 2011, we expect this ratio to improve to approximately 2.7x. Before I turn the call over to Don, I would like to talk about the timing of earnings in 2011. We expect 2011 to be a little more weighted to the second half of the year, with approximately 47% of earnings being realized in the first half and 53% in the second half. This occurs in part due to the lagging nature of Fuel Recovery Fees and a rising fuel cost environment and the timing of the intended refinancing activity. Additionally, the harsh weather that most of the country has been experiencing lately will put some pressure on the first quarter, which was not contemplated in our guidance. I will now turn the call back to Don.
Edward Lang: And then, Scott, I also think it was kind of how the math worked. Keep in mind our Q3 volume decline was 2.5%, so just how we were entering the fourth quarter around that negative 2% level. And even though it was improving, the math still works out that you were at negative 1% for the quarter. So it's pretty much at kind of a breakeven flat level entering the new year, but just the way the math works, you're at negative 1% for the quarter.
Edward Lang: There is some influence as to what happens this year. About half of the contracts use a trailing 12-month CPI, so that one is pretty much set. Although, they do have various cut-off dates. But then the other half of the CPI type pricing is a single-month year-over-year. And those contracts in total represent about, as far as CPI or let's call it the index-based business, represents about 70% of the total. And then you have another portion -- oh, excuse me, about 80% of the total, 80% to 90%. And then you have the rest are kind of fixed rate.
Donald Slager: Thanks, Ed. Republic Services has concluded a very successful fourth quarter and fiscal year. Financial and operational highlights include revenue of approximately $2 billion for the quarter and $8.1 billion for the full year. This is the third consecutive quarter with positive internal growth. Sequentially, volume improved 140 basis points, including a 90 basis point improvement in collection and a 680 basis point improvement in landfill. We secured price increases across all lines of business and continued our focus on retaining existing business that generates appropriate returns. This resulted in record EBITDA margin performance of 31.1% in 2010. Our fourth quarter EPS was $0.42 and $1.71 for the full year. Our full year performance exceeded the guidance that we provided in February of 2010. Our fourth quarter free cash flow was $197 million and $776 million for the full year. Our strong free cash flow allowed Republic to increase its dividend and authorize a $400 million share repurchase program. We repurchased over 1.4 million shares in the fourth quarter for approximately $41 million. We are on track to complete the existing authorization before the end of 2011. We remain committed to an efficient cash-utilization strategy, which includes increasing cash returns to our shareholders. Our field organization continues to effectively manage our cost structure. Productivity has improved, which reflects the gradual conversion of our residential fleet to automated collection. We expect that 55% of our residential routes will be automated by the end of 2011. Maintenance expenses were 40 basis points lower in 2010 when compared to the prior year. We adjusted our maintenance staffing levels to the proper ratio of collection routes resulting in lower maintenance costs per engine hour. We continue to see reduction in frequency of insurance claims. Our accident and injury frequency improved by approximately 12% as compared to 2009. In 2010, we increased our investments in single-stream recycling facilities, alternative fuel trucks and landfill gas-to-energy projects. These investments are not only environmentally beneficial but are good business decisions, which enhance infrastructure and generate solid returns. We will continue to pursue these investments in 2011. I would like to thank our field operations for their commitment to a high level of execution in all aspects of our business and delivering another year of outperformance for Republic Services. Before turning the call over to Tod, I'll provide our 2011 financial guidance. Consistent with our comments on the third quarter call, we expect 2011 EPS to be in a range of $1.86 to $1.89 or a 9% to 11% increase compared to 2010. Free cash flow for the full year is expected to be in a range of $875 million to $900 million. This is a 13% to 16% increase over 2010 performance. This includes the benefit we expect from the recent extension of tax bonus depreciation. Revenue is expected to improve by up to 1.5% with total internal growth of 2% to 3%, offset by the impact of San Mateo and Toronto contract losses. Net capital expenditures in 2011 are expected to be $735 million. This level of spending allows us to maintain our current fleet age of less than seven years. Our EBITDA margin guidance for the full year 2011 is 31.6%, which is a 50 basis point improvement over 2010. Tod will now provide further detail on our financial performance and guidance.
Donald Slager: Thanks, Ed. Before we get to Q&A, I want to talk about a few key areas of focus for 2011. First, internal growth. We will continue our broad-based pricing program in 2011 to recover inflation and drive margin expansion. We will continue to use ROI pricing tools to ensure that all business activity meets our return requirements. We built a substantial network of operating facilities and are well-positioned for growth as the economy improves. Second, acquisition growth and infrastructure development. We have a pipeline of potential acquisitions and are focused on strengthening our infrastructure, especially in the area of recycling to enhance our capabilities. We will update you on our acquisition activity throughout 2011. The team's priorities in 2011 remain consistent with our focus in 2010, including: Compliance and safety; development of our people; creation of lasting operational excellence, something that we call durability; customer experience, that is making sure that we are easy to do business with and that we meet our customers' expectations every day; and finally, targeted profitable growth. We believe that as we execute these business priorities, we will continue to grow free cash flow and provide increasing cash returns to our shareholders. At this time, operator, I'd like to open the call to questions.
Donald Slager: Well, Hamzah, it's Don. To start off, remember half of our businesses is CPI-indexed, or indexed to some type of CPI, and that again, changes throughout the year. So a big portion of that reprice in the second half, and then it takes 12 to 18 months for that to kind of roll through based on the individual contract language about how that index works. And so we have visibility on those contracts. We know what type of CPI escalator they have. As far as the open market business, generally, as we've done in years past, we have our open market business really in somewhat 12 buckets across the year, and we are out in the open market pricing those customers on a regular basis throughout the year, so that every customer gets an annual review and adjustment to recover inflation. So we've got that all built into our plan. One of the questions you had on Houston and L.A., I think we've got that all anniversaried at this point. I think L.A. anniversaried already. Houston, I think in Q4, Q3 of last year. So that's just now, those new lower prices are baked into our plan. So we've already anniversaried that letdown.
Donald Slager: Yes, we actually -- well, first, I don't off the top of my head have the answer on the percentage volume growth geographically by landfill. But overall, our landfill volume will be probably about flat next year to this year, and we are thinking that the special waste market will hold up pretty well. So we had a couple of big jobs that we shared with you throughout last year, and one of them is holding up into this year already. So we're pretty confident in our team and in the pipeline itself. So we're feeling pretty good about special waste right now.
Donald Slager: Scott, a definition of churn. So when we talk about churn here, we talk about the spread between a price per yard of Commercial business gain and price per yard of Commercial business loss. So that's spread on a per-unit basis. That type of churn is pretty flat with what it's been. So we haven't seen that change. So that's pretty good news. Defection, you may be thinking defection in your term churn, how many or what percent of our customers do we lose on an annual basis? And that's been pretty consistent for us, between 7% and 8%. And again, that's been probably the last three year, four quarters pretty much held in that range. It slightly improved from 8% to 7% toward the end of the year.
Donald Slager: Yes, we actually saw improvement in industrial, it probably came in about where we thought it would. Commercial, a little more weakness in commercial than we thought. We always talk about how we track service decreases and service increases, and we thought at sort of the midpoint of the year we would get, to your point, we would get flat. But it's really kind of across-the-board. We just didn't have as much movement there toward the end as we thought we'd have.
Donald Slager: No, I still think the West and South lagging a little bit across the rest of the country. That's probably consistent with what we said here last year. But even with the volume number not getting quite where we would hope by the end of the year, you saw the margins and you saw the cash flow, so we're still pretty happy with the way the business has performed.
Donald Slager: Yes, I think we would, at this point, assume typical. We saw decent seasonality this year, or in '10, where we didn't see any in '09. So we do think as things are stable up, we expect this seasonality to go into '11.
Donald Slager: On these type of things, just like we do every year when we give guidance and we build an operating plan, we pick a jumping-off point from Q4. And we do that with fuel, we do that with commodities. We do that with what we're seeing in trends in the business, and volume, and special waste and all those things. So just like we've done every year, we come forward with guidance based on Q4 run rate, and with visibility that we have at this point, and that's what this guidance represents.
Donald Slager: The volume in Industrial is coming from manufacturing, so just some better manufacturing numbers volume coming from those sites. And then some of these other things you described are just year-over-year comps.
Donald Slager: Well, that's certainly a very obvious upside with the economy improvement. Again, I think the reason that, I guess it was I that highlighted, fuel and commodity is, when you look at this business, it's very, very stable. And however, we do have volatility in the commodity price piece of the business, and obviously volatility in the fuel. So it wasn't so much of a downside on those as it was the volatility, I think, that we were trying to highlight. I mean, prices are actually, obviously on commodities, higher, and we don't know what's going to go on with oil prices. They seem to have spiked here because of the unrest in the Middle East, but possibly they could improve, the upside, downside.
Donald Slager: No, Corey, that won't happen. We're strongly committed to the repurchase program. We've only guided in our pipeline today, I'll call it $100 million, $150 million of revenue that we're really interested in. We don't have that baked into our budget. We would look at maybe closing some of those deals in the later half of the year. And like I said in my comments, we'll update you guys as we go forward with that. But it's not going to be the part of our story, but we wanted to highlight it, because it's something that we've been a little busy over the last couple of years. So we're going -- we've got some ideas there that we can build the business, as I said, build some of the infrastructure we need to build our recycling capability in a few more markets.
Donald Slager: And whatever volume growth we do get, Bill, obviously comes in a much higher margin, because we've got that density. So that works in our favor too.
Donald Slager: And that's one of the reasons we give you a range, right? So if we thought one of those things were going to race out of control, one way or the other, then we might reset before we brought guidance forward. But we think we're going to be in pretty good shape based on the pros and cons or the threats and opportunities in the guidance or the budget.
Donald Slager: Well, we still have this $30 million to $40 million we talked about last year, but 2010 and 2011 really are more about just building those capabilities in the company. We don't start to really see benefit until late '12 and '13. So that $30 million to $40 million still underway in areas like our maintenance initiative, our procurement initiatives, national accounts, and a handful of those things. So those are the very same things we talked to you about the last year.
Donald Slager: No. The San Mateo was sort of an anomaly, a very large contract in and of itself, very long term in nature. It was one of those kind of recurrent kind of 20-year franchise kind of deal. And we don't have anything like that in our future right now that we're aware of.
Donald Slager: Net off, right? Because there's the moves in insurance and all those other type of things that we've got to deal with. And that's where the pricing comes in, right? So we're always looking to, after all of our productivity gains and efficiency benefits are built in, how do we go after getting that inflation recovered through pricing plus a little bit more if we can. And that's where we get that margin expansion, so...
Donald Slager: Yes, some of it was economic improvement. Some of it was just environmental regulations. Some of it volume had to moved because it was mandated to move. So it's a little bit of all that. But again, as Tod said, we look at the pipeline that our people put together in their sales funnels and we qualify whether we think those jobs are real or not, and that's how we build our business plan and that's how we create this guidance. So right now, we think it's in pretty good shape.
Donald Slager: Thank you, operator. In closing, I would like to thank the entire Republic team for a solid performance in 2010, and for their dedication to making 2011 another successful year at Republic Services. As a reminder, a recording of this call is available through February 17, 2011, by calling (203)369-3404.  Additionally, I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables and a discussion of business activities along with a recording of this call are all available on Republic's website at www.republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. Our presentations are scheduled. The dates and times are posted on our website along with instructions for listening to the live webcast of the event. Thank you for spending time with us today, and have a good evening.
Tod Holmes: And I guess we're all going to chime in here. I would add that, as we look ahead to 2011, where we see a little bit more of a bright spot, as Don said earlier, in the industrial area.
Tod Holmes: I would say that the last part of your question probably is something around 50 to 100 basis points over CPI in terms of the spread in the open markets. On the contractual markets, probably the best example is Las Vegas. While we have a number of contracts and some are specific, some are CPI-based and they reset it different times. That's a big piece of business and it's pretty indicative, I think, of what happens. Our Las Vegas reset last year was probably about a negative 0.4%. And so that negative pricing carries through June of this year, and then it resets at a positive 1.6% starting July, and it's that piece. Even though you may say that CPI is somewhere in that 1.5% range, we've got this lag effect and this drag that is causing our contractual pricing to be less than what we think our average pricing is going to be.
Tod Holmes: Yes, maybe it's a little less than 1:1, somewhere in that range. On a full year average basis. Now it's going to be higher, obviously, in the second half of the year. And I think, Ed talked earlier a little bit about how our earnings would change throughout this year. Normally, we have talked about kind of a 50-50 split in earnings. But I think the CPI, the fact that it was so bad, it's improving slightly, gives us a little bit more pricing momentum in the second half of the year. So we will be well positioned exiting '11 into '12 from a pricing standpoint. And so kind of a combination of the debt refinancing, the CPI pricing, the share repurchase, all of that should give us earnings momentum as we move through this year and into next year.
Tod Holmes: Well, I think would say, first of all, I think we could debate that first assumption. Well, as Don had indicated, we've got a strong team that's done a superb job across the country of delivering special waste volumes. And while this past year we had a couple of contracts that were substantial in terms of delivering volumes as we go into 2011, we've got a very broad-based pipeline. So we feel pretty good about that. I guess, frankly, we haven't done the math to see, if you stripped out special waste, what it would be. Obviously, it would be less than our guidance of positive zero to positive 0.5%. So it would obviously be slightly negative. What that number is, I don't know, because I haven't done the math, because we don't see our thoughts going there.
Tod Holmes: It's certainly a fair point to raise, because there is a shift from '10 to '11. In '10, we had two very large contracts. In '11, we don't have what we had -- one of those contracts carried over for the part of the year. We don't have a distribution like that with two large contracts, and as we look at the pipeline, we believe we will be replacing that with a lot of smaller special waste the broader book of business, if you will.
Tod Holmes: That's what Don said earlier, a little bit stronger in the Midwest, in the East, maybe than in the South.
Tod Holmes: Remember, our share repurchase and our dividend for 2011 represent about $700 million. So we've got a couple of hundred million dollars above that, some of which will go to pay down some debt. But certainly, where we see opportunities while we have this pipeline of assuming $150 million, we're very interested in taking advantage of opportunities, whether they're tuck-in or pieces of infrastructure or recycling facilities, that type of thing. So as Don said, we're interested in getting back to growing the business not just organically but also through acquisitions. And we feel we're in the right position with our balance sheet today to do that. And that is also upside. We haven't baked that acquisition pipeline growth into our numbers.
Tod Holmes: Well, I think, if you look at our cost structure and the company's ability to control costs, we see basically about a 1% increase in our cost structure. So it's really coming from cost control combined with our pricing capabilities.
Tod Holmes: We do an actuarial review every quarter, so you really can't forecast the actuarial results. Obviously, over the past year we do -- can see a little bit softening in the insurance market, so premium cost has gone down. And we have had favorable actuarial results, but those things are hard to budget.
Tod Holmes: I would say it's very difficult to gauge anything on the past couple of months, from mid-December on, just because of the unusual weather patterns that we've seen across the country. I believe a number of ice storms and snowstorms in Dallas, ice in Houston, and not just inches but feet of snow in Oklahoma, the big storms in the East Coast and Chicago. So it's really very difficult to, even under normal circumstances, to look at four weeks or six weeks and try to create a trend off of that, definitely is now, given the way we operate.
Tod Holmes: Well, we have a practice within the company of basically building the business plan. It's something that we take to the board the first week in January and discuss with the board. And so it's a practice that we've had not just with our board, and obviously the management team, but also with the Street, to use information in December and then give you the tools to understand the potential variables or volatility of which, obviously, as I said earlier, commodities and fuel are the greatest. And then you can make your own assumptions regarding where commodity prices, fuel prices may be going. I don't think the February prices are any better than the December prices. By the time we get to July, they'll be different. So it's just our practice.
Tod Holmes: And last year, you might recall, we indicated  that we're spending maybe about $7 million or $8 million for those initiatives. I think this year, we're spending probably around $15 million or $16 million -- actually maybe as high as $18 million. As those activities ramp up, and then we'll start, as Don said to secure the benefit in, starting in the second half of '12.
Tod Holmes: And the fuel offsetting that, so I think as we look at commodities and fuel in the first quarter, I don't -- the net of fuel commodities and weather, I don't think there's a net-net positive, it's probably a slight negative.
Tod Holmes: I think if you pulled, we'd be about flat. I mean, obviously, we're not going to see the same year-over-year increase special waste '11 to '10 as we did '10 to '09. But I think we would still be at least flat in volume performance in '11.
Tod Holmes: I think what we said was, let's give the Las Vegas example, in that the first half of the year the pricing is negative 40 basis points because that was last year's reset on July 1. Then on July 1 of '11, the reset comes in at positive 1.6%. So obviously, on a full year basis, it's less than 1%. But you do have the strength from negative 40 basis points in the first half of the year to a positive 1.6%. So what we're saying is, so you put it together, yes, the CPI number is in slightly below 1% or about 1% for full year, but there is this first half, second half variance.
Tod Holmes: We don't bake any type of CPI forecast into the guidance. We just assume that the full year, 2010, average is what we'll see in calendar '11.
