Donald Slager: Thanks, Ed. Based on our first quarter performance, Republic Services is on track to achieve the financial guidance provided in February. Financial and operational highlights include revenue of approximately $2 billion for the quarter. Total price growth in the quarter was 2.6%, with core price of 1%. We secured core price increases across all lines of business and continued our focus on retaining existing business that generates appropriate returns. Volumes declined 0.7%, which is a sequential improvement of 40 basis points, including 110 basis point improvement in Collection. This is the fourth straight quarter of sequential volume improvement in the Collection business. Our first quarter adjusted EPS was $0.42. Our first quarter adjusted free cash flow was $273 million. We repurchased 5 million shares in the first quarter for $148 million. We are on track to complete the existing authorization before the end of 2011. We returned $225 million to our shareholders during the quarter. We remain committed to an efficient cash utilization strategy, which includes increasing cash returns to our shareholders through share repurchase and dividends. We recently closed a new 5 year $1.25 billion credit facility. Republic continues to extend debt maturities and lower interest costs. Moody's recently raised the outlook on our credit rating to positive. Republic is committed to a strategy of growing our business, improving return on capital, returning cash to shareholders and a strong credit profile. We recently purchased 2 recycling facilities in the Midwest to enhance our recycling capabilities. Our field organization continues to effectively manage our cost structure. All controllable costs remain flat or decreased as a percentage of revenue, including labor and maintenance expenses. We achieved year to year labor productivity gains in all Collection lines of business. We saw a reduction in frequency of insurance claims. Our accident and injury frequency improved by approximately 15% as compared to 2010. I would like to thank our field operations for their commitment to a high level of performance in all aspects of our business. Tod and Ed will now update our financial performance.
Donald Slager: Thanks, Ed. Before we get to Q&A, I would like to make a few comments on our guidance and cash utilization plans. We are reaffirming the financial guidance provided on our February call, including adjusted EPS of $1.86 to $1.89, adjusted free cash flow of $875 million to $900 million, net capital spending of $735 million. At our next board meeting in July, we will review our dividend policy and expect to approve an increase of 5% to 10%. We have completed almost 50% of our current share repurchase authorization. Our board will authorize a new program at the October meeting to carry through 2012. At this time, operator, I would like to open the call for questions.
Donald Slager: Well, I think I said in my comments, Michael, we'll be talking about cash utilization strategy with the board in July as we always do every year, and we'll be looking at raising the dividend as we normally do, and we'll discuss all that cash utilization then and then again talk about share repurchase in October.
Donald Slager: No, I think we're seeing pretty good volume consistent with our plan across the nation. We still have probably more economic softness in the south and the west, as we said before. It is a big highlight for us. We've seen now 4 quarters of sequential volume improvement in the Collection business. And while we did have a little weather, we chose not to really highlight it. We have weather all the time, probably a little more than we normally do, but we feel pretty good about where we're heading as far as our February guidance.
Donald Slager: Yes, sure. So remember, in the other part of the business is open market, and we have an internal process that we call RPM, which is just basically taking those old market customers and we spread them across 12 months and we review and accordingly adjust those customer prices at least annually. And so we had positive pricing across all lines of business in the quarter, and pricing in that arena is going well for us. And there's always pockets of pushback based on competitive behavior maybe locally or something along those lines, but no really change in what it's been. So we continue to review all of our pricing. Every customer gets reviewed annually. We continue to do that while we continue to defend our business and look for signs of life in the economy to grow our business. So all in all, I think the 1% pricing in the quarter was a pretty good number for us.
Donald Slager: Well, we continue to gain productivity on the Collection side of the business in the labor and so forth with just improving routing, more automation. We've talked quite a bit about moving more of our residential fleet to automate it. That's worked well for us. On the SG&A side, we've got some additional resources deployed, working on some of these cost programs like we've talked about, our maintenance program, our national account initiative and some of those things. Right now, we're probably, again, as Tod said, having more cost than we are benefit. We'll start to see some benefits in '12. And by the end of '13, we'll see some real benefit from those programs, but we're going to carry a little SG&A between now and then.
Donald Slager: Yes. First, remember that on the landfill side, half of our landfill business, actually a little more than that, is index priced, right. I'm thinking specifically about the MSW because that's what really matters, and we talk about overall pricing. So half the business is index priced. Those are tied to contracts. They have term dates, and they follow that kind of CPI mentality, if you will, most of that just like Ed just described. So that's half. The other half is open market, a little less than that. So we have -- those projects [ph] come up periodically throughout the year, and we will continue to price those. I think in MSW this year, or the quarter, we had a little better than 2% price on MSW. We sort of would like to see that go a little higher. We had a little bit of volume defection in a couple of markets in landfill where we moved price to competitive MSW haulers in the marketplace. And we were not willing to give price concession, so we lost a little volume there. So we're going to continue to focus on the infrastructure and use the assets accordingly in the marketplace.
Donald Slager: We're through that. I mean that's    we've    I think that was sort of a battle cry probably 2 or 3 years ago, maybe probably 3 or 4 years ago now. And I wouldn't sit here today and tell you that we have much of that, if any. We've done a very effective job of pricing the business, of calling the business, and I think it shows up in our margins.
Donald Slager: Well, you may. And again, one of the advantages, Jonathan, is with the way that we do pricing in those 12 buckets, as I described, as conditions change in the marketplace and as CPI ebbs and flows, it does give us flexibility across that part of our portfolio. So in the second half of the year where we're pricing those 6 buckets in those markets, we could be pricing a little stronger there depending on the market activity. Remember, we've always said that we're looking to get that spread over and above true inflation. And when our customers are seeing inflation in their business, when they're a little more comfortable with their business activity, they're a little less price sensitive, the market behavior changes a little bit, and it allows us a little more pricing strength. So we will meter that accordingly as the markets allow us to in the second half, and we'll wait and see.
Donald Slager: The second answer to your question, Jonathan, we've always had that situation in the marketplace or where a smaller hauler might take the, what I call the Southwest Airlines approach of Bags Fly Free, no fees. I think our customers are pretty smart folks. I think they look at total cost to serve, and that's what we try to sell our customers is there's a total cost to service. We're not hiding behind our fees. We look at our fuel recovery fee as the fairest way to deal with our customer base so that when fuel goes up, it's a big part of our cost, they share in that cost increase. When fuel goes down, they get the benefit. And so it's a different sales approach than the guy who's selling no fees. The difference is when fuel spikes, that operator has to run around and bring more fuel price increases to the customer. We're touching the customer once annually. We've got the index working for us on fuel, and we think it's the fairest way to approach the customer. Remember, we've got 150 million gallons of fuel a year, and when fuel was up $0.50, we can't just kind of run around with our hair on fire trying to find $75 million. So it works pretty well for us. It's a built in hedge, if you will, and again, I just think we're always going to have somebody out there trying to market it a different way. We don't see that from bigger companies. We generally see it from the smaller folks.
Donald Slager: Yes. Again, we just gave you guys guidance like 9 weeks ago. So we're on plan. We're reaffirming the guidance, including the volume guidance. We may be a little further behind than we thought we would be at this point. As I said, there may be a little weather in there, although we're not going to call it out. We wait every year for this time of the year. We're kind of coming in to May and looking for that seasonality jump. And it's not May yet, but as we do every year, we look for that seasonality trend to work for us and kind of bridge us into the summer months and then carry us through into the late fall. And we don't see anything today that's going to change that, and we believe we'll come in on guidance as we said. And we'll give you an update in more detail on the second quarter call.
Donald Slager: And anything we would book as an acquisition would come out of that bucket. When we talked about those 25 markets, if we can buy something that's in the market that fits our need to fill that gap, and we can buy it for the right price, we would buy versus build just because of speed to market and so forth. But if we're building it, developing it ourselves, it's coming out of that $25 million of CapEx.
Donald Slager: So that's what we're doing. We've looked at -- we're right now creating our -- putting kind of finishing touches on our 5 year fleet plan that will really build out the next phases of automation and CNG investments, and we'll talk about that sometime later in the year, early next year.
Donald Slager: Well, I would say, as far as from a social perspective, I would tell you that I think we're operating as one company today, and we've got a great deal of rapport and respect for each other and flying the same flag. So one of the reasons this acquisition works so well is that we were very serious, from the very beginning, Jim and I and Tod and the rest of the team, about putting together one team building the best of the best culture, and we did that. We spent a fair amount of time on the social issues and the culture through the process so that we did become one company very quickly. So I'd be kidding myself if I said we've got 30,000 employees, there's not somebody out there who would maybe rather fly a different flag today. But I would say those are the exceptions, and they're very, very minor exceptions. We have had regular meetings with our people. We had our second annual general management conference here in February where we brought in all of our general managers and area teams and region teams from across the country. We had our key decision makers from the corporate office there, and we had close to 500 people in one room talking about the road map going forward, what we've achieved and the plans, and I'll tell you it was a pretty good vibe in the room, and you could cut the excitement with a knife. So from a culture perspective, I would say we've done a great job bringing it together, and I think everyone is pretty pumped up about where we go from here. From a synergy perspective or best practice perspective, there is talk about the parking lot as we put the synergy goals together, we found some things that we'd like to do. We just said that the company can only change so much at once. And so we put them out in the parking lot. We've been dusting some of those things off and looking at those things today and how we can continue to improve the business. But none of them in and of themself are major needle movers, but there are things that are worth $1 million, things that are worth $0.5 million, and we're going to continue to shave those pennies off of our cost and improve the way we go to market. We're going to continue to build our service, customer service experience and those kind of things. So from here on out, it's just improving on what we've built. But I would tell you that the company flies one flag, and is pretty excited about the future today.
Donald Slager: Yes, as we said, we've seen sequential improvement in volume across all lines of business. So every quarter, our roll off volume has improved over the past 4 quarters and probably 5 quarters or 6 quarters. So we've seen some positive activity in the industrial part of that roll off business and of course have seen no activity in the CNG part of that roll off business. So from a third party perspective, I think it's probably very similar. We    obviously, you're right. I mean, the volume comes back to the landfill, it comes in at a very hard margin. We get great operating leverage there, and it's one of the great things about this business. It might be one of the great things about the story, is we've done such a great job managing cost out of the business as the volume declined and learned a lot about ourselves and our business and now we're going to use all that same hard work to manage our business on the way up. And we will expect to see some operating leverage as volumes return, but we don't control that, right. So we're just happy to see it when it occurs, and we're getting our fair share. So that's it in a nutshell.
Donald Slager: Thank you, Jacqueline. In closing, I would like to thank the entire Republic team for a solid first quarter performance. Our business remains strong, our market fundamentals are solid, and trends are improving. As a reminder, a recording of this call is available through May 5, 2011, by calling (203) 369 3404. Additionally, I want to point out that our SEC filings; our earnings press release, which includes GAAP reconciliation tables; and a discussion of business activities, along with a recording of this call are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. And finally, I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in investor conferences. When presentations are scheduled, the dates and times are posted on our website, along with instructions for listening to the live webcast of the event. Thank you for spending time with us today. Have a good evening.
Tod Holmes: Yes. This is Tod. I'll answer the first part. Maybe Don can answer the market part. First of all, when you see fuel going up, it tends to lag, especially when you see a substantial ramp up in fuel. We've got a 1 month lag in the surcharge. So there's a little bit of an impact there that will stay with us for the full year unless it were to drop back down this year. So I guess we'll wait and see on that. In terms of our fuel surcharge, we do not get all of it dollar for dollar. Obviously, it's about 2/3 that we get, and we have obviously some franchise customers that are on that CPI based pricing, so the fuel surcharge isn't there. So we're not able to get the full dollar for dollar recovery.
Tod Holmes: No. I think what we've talked about on the earnings call that in our capital expenditures for this year, we're about $20 million or $25 million for internal growth projects related to recycling, meaning building out or improving our existing infrastructure. And then we said there'd be $75 million to $100 million spent this year for just a broad category of acquisitions, which would include picking up some third party assets, as well as hauling assets or disposal or transfer station assets. So the $75 million to $100 million to be spent on acquisitions was really any type of revenue.
Tod Holmes: Well, I think if you look at the revenue trends through the year, the second quarter and then the third quarter are the strongest quarters. So just the math as a percentage of revenue, it should come down. The dollars may not come down appreciably, although I would say we were working heavily on these projects late last year and the first part of this year. But that's not the key driver of that metric. It's probably more the revenue that's a key driver.
Tod Holmes: Yes, we had some state tax benefits I think in the first quarter that caused that to come in probably just over 39%. I think if you look at the full year tax rate, the full year tax rate would be about 41% and subsequent quarters would be probably in the 41.5% range still, maybe slightly less than that.
Tod Holmes: Right. In our opening call where we gave guidance, we indicated that it excluded those 2 components. So excluding those 2 components, it's about 0% to 0.5% positive.
