Brian DelGhiaccio: No, we would actually expect the restricted pricing to increase from the levels of where it is in the fourth quarter. So, again, on related revenue, it was 5.1% restricted in the fourth quarter. And we would expect that to improve 50 to 100 basis points in 2023. But we do expect the level of pricing to be driven by the open market, similar to what you've seen in 2022 and, for that matter, the prior years as well.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. Listen, I guess you're talking about then on total revenue, so I'll give you that piece. So, yes, it starts highest -- actually, our high watermark is in the first quarter based on our expectations. And then it sequentially declines from there, but we're expecting that pricing remains above 5% in all quarters.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. So, I'll answer your second question first. That is correct. We have not included that. So, what is included are deals that closed by the end of the year. It's $440 million worth of revenue or 300 basis points of growth, that's the rollover, and most of that being US Ecology.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. So, if you think about -- Noah, I was just going to add. A good portion of the growth, right, that you're going to see year-over-year is coming vis-à-vis the acquisition rollover. But if you think about total contribution from an organic perspective, right, we're expecting 50 basis points on total revenue. So, that's about, call it, $70 million, and that would be just at the point when US Ecology anniversaries forward. So, that's still kind of a high single-digit type organic growth.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. So, just to give you an idea, when we actually provided the guidance when we closed the deal, we said we thought we'd get about $5 million worth of synergies in 2022. We actually got closer to $13 million, $14 million. So, you can see nice outperformance there. And a lot of that was just actually getting the integration activities done quicker than we originally anticipated.
Brian DelGhiaccio: And the other thing I would just add to that as well is that on the October call, we said that we've got a perspective that we're going to achieve high single-digit growth. And if you look at the midpoint of everything we put out there, it's high single-digit growth. So, to Jon's point, I would sit there and say it is exactly in line with where we thought we would be in October.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, and the other thing is, we talked that there were some supply chain disruptions throughout the year, impacted things like trucks and some of the heavy equipment. And we actually were able to take or seed, take title of those assets in the fourth quarter. So, as you think about building the 2023 plan, most likely, we'll be more back-end loaded like you've seen in the last couple of years, but maybe not to the extent that you saw in 2022.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. And even though we're seeing a little bit of softness on some of the construction activity, we're still seeing above-average price. If you take a look in the temporary large container business, we're nearly 9%priced during the fourth quarter.
Brian DelGhiaccio: We're probably closer, Michael, to -- in the $1.5 billion range, a little over $1.5 billion. But organically, like I said earlier, we're thinking that's a 7% to 8% organic type grower here in the near term, and with opportunities for even some of the additional cross-sell opportunities to be additive to that.
Brian DelGhiaccio: So, in the Recycling and Solid Waste business, we're expecting overall about 30 basis points of margin expansion, right? And in that business, we have to overcome the 30 basis point headwind from commodity prices. So, the underlying business is growing kind of 60 to 70 basis points. Now, in the Environmental Solutions business, we're expecting 100 basis points of margin improvement, and there is the acquisition roll over of US Ecology, which is kind of a negative 70 on that portion when you compare it to what we had in the Gulf. So, we're expecting margin expansion in the underlying business thereof 170 basis points. The reason why that only comes to 10 basis points overall is we just have a greater mix or a greater percentage of ES business in 2023 than we did in 2022.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. Yes, let me give you a couple of pieces of that, certainly. So, interest -- and I'm going to give you some pre-tax numbers. And for argument's sake, you can just sit there and take, call it, 70% of it. You do the after-tax. But interest up $90 million, right? So, that's an increased outflow there. Incentive comp is about a $35 million outflow compared to target levels. And then bonus depreciation, you wouldn't tax effect the impact of bonus depreciation, but that's about a $35 million increase in cash taxes.
Brian DelGhiaccio: So, when you take all those pieces, that creates -- now I'm going to kind of flip a little bit to conversion, and that creates, call it, about a 300 basis point headwind to conversion, all of which being offset by just the EBITDA growth in the business as well as some benefits in working capital, some of those benefits being unlocked. We talked about finishing the finance and procurement modules during 2022, and we think that there's an opportunity, in particular, on the DPO side to drive improvements in working capital.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Well, I mean, just to put it in perspective, right, OCC, fiber, right, represents about 70% of our basket of goods, right? So, most of this, we are expecting to come more on the OCC side. But even just to put it into --all of it into perspective, if you take a look at what we're expecting from a guide perspective compared to current prices, it's a relatively modest recovery, right? That's $30 million worth of EBITDA and about 20 basis points to margin, $20 million of free cash flow, if things were to stay at current levels.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Sure. And a couple of things, Jerry. I mean, you've got two variables, right, when you take a look at that. You have the -- what we're expecting in 2023, but also what happened in 2022, right? So, we're expecting commodity prices in 2023 to be at the highest point of the year. They were at the lowest point in 2022, so you can't just go to the margin expansion. But yes, exiting the year in 2024, we think it's going to be kind of a nice jump-off point heading into 2024. But I wouldn't just look at the overall margin expansion because you've got two years in your math there that you got to take into consideration.
Brian DelGhiaccio: It's still a profitable business at these levels and still an attractive return. So, again, we would expect -- through the cycle, we talked about we expect these depressed prices to be somewhat transitory and, again, return closer in line to a 10-year average. Not even back to the levels it was when it was over $200 a ton on our basket of goods.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes. Of our existing projects, the vast majority are gas electricity. Now the -- where RINs have gone, all of the new projects in the pipeline were contemplated to be gas powered and/or methane RNG. The great news with our partnership with BP, we've got option value, right? eRINs coming online. And we're both very open-minded to understanding where those markets move and the local geography and even places where we make power on fleet to figure out whether we want to convert some of those opportunities rather than RNG to go to electricity as well. But we see it as, over time, a benefit for us because it will have two pathways.
Brian DelGhiaccio: No, I mean what you're seeing mostly on the residential is some relatively larger contracts. You're seeing that in the numbers. So that's expected to anniversary in 2023. So, we don't expect that to continue throughout the year. And yes, when you take a look at our volume cadence, we expect that small container will remain positive, right, throughout 2023. When you take a look at overall volumes, we think to have our highest volume performance early in the year. And again, that's a step down throughout but remaining positive in all 4 quarters.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, we've talked about kind of that sweet spot for us being right around three times. We're a little bit over that right now, but we expect to be there in the next, call it, six months, at which point then we would look to kind of return to that normal level of looking at the repurchases and so on and so forth.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, from an upside perspective, and we mentioned this earlier, is that we are expecting inflation to remain persistent throughout 2023. And so again, Jon just talked about the fact that we're pricing at higher levels in 2023 -- early in 2023 than we did even in 2022 because we expect inflation to remain sticky. So if that does come down, that is certainly an opportunity in order to sit there and to drive better performance than we anticipated. But you do have to remember, some of that inflation on wages, and wages typically go in annually. So, once you put that wage out in the marketplace, you're not pulling that back. So, there is some stickiness to the inflation, but certainly, as it relates to some third-party costs, some of the maintenance-related expenses, transportation expenses. If those come in, that would certainly be a source of upside.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Sorry. We just talked a little bit about recycled commodity prices. Again, we've expected a recovery, but we've also dimensionalized it for you so you realize it's a relatively modest recovery that we're expecting. But if they stay at current levels, that would be a little bit of some downside relative to our expectations.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, if you think about for the full year for 2023, we're in that, call it, 5% to 5.5% inflation-type range. And again, when you take a look at the 6.5% expected yield on related revenue, that's how we're driving that 80 basis points or so of expansion in the underlying business. That's about the level we saw exiting the fourth quarter, and we expect it to remain relatively consistent throughout 2023.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, it was a mix of both price and volume, but more pricing to come, right? We've taken a lot of pricing action, but we still have some contracted portion of that business and fully seen that. So, you're seeing both the cross-sell that we talked about, and you're seeing the pricing hit with really strong performance. And the plans for 2023, that business is performing ahead of our plan, more broadly both the US Ecology acquisition and the broader ES space, I think, is going to be a very positive contributor.
Jon Vander Ark: And we said total synergies would be $40 million, cost synergy would be $40 million. I think that number wound up closer to $50 million.
Jon Vander Ark: I'd say it is based on a passionate view about intrinsic value, right, and driving intrinsic value over time and conservatism, right? So, we never want to put out a number that people go and they have to hit, and therefore, we start chasing deals. So, I want the team to feel comfortable at any point in time passing on a given deal because it doesn't mean a return criteria or there's a set of terms or business conditions or practices that we're not going to want to be owners of over time. And so I think we've always put out a number over the last three or four years, I think you've seen a pretty steady beat against that number. My expectations for the team, I think, are slightly higher than that. But we always want, again, put out a conservative numbers the team feels no pressure to reach.
Jon Vander Ark: No, pipeline is very strong. We've got a mix of small- and medium-sized deals across Recycling and Solid Waste and ES, right, and that's kind of at different stages in the process and feel good about that. The premiums or the multiples are still kind of hanging in the same ZIP Code because we're looking at premium assets. We're not just buying revenue. We're very particular buyers, and we want to get something that's quality. And one of the first questions one has asked is why would we do this ourselves? And if it's something like a residential subscription business or a temporary roll-off business, we should go get that with our sales team, not pay a premium for that. So, we're looking for infrastructure. We're looking for route-based businesses with customer contracts that we know that we will integrate in the business and drive value over time.
Jon Vander Ark: Well, maybe a slightly different view of the history, right? We never gave an official guidance. We said we had line of sight at one point to double-digit, right? That was in a different commodity price environment. And so given the commodity market being depressed for six to nine months, that certainly gave us a different outlook, right, just based on the math of the commodity prices. And I think we've talked about here a high single-digit number going forward. Now, if we end up doing more M&A early in the year and that has the year impact and we get to double-digits, we certainly could, but I think we've been pretty consistent with how we've approached it.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, certainly investing to grow the business, right? We're always disciplined but never afraid to spend that money. One of the bigger drivers of that was the second polymer center that we're putting in the Midwest. We just -- we've seen so much demand for the offtake of our first one that gives us a lot of confidence that the market is really getting value and need that product. And the returns in our business case, we think, are going to be north of what we originally pro forma-ed. So, that gave us the confidence to accelerate that investment moving forward.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, there's different moving pieces for sure. Obviously, there's been a little bit of a slowdown in the construction market as you've seen housing starts kind of pull back in the second half of last year, and we've certainly baked in some softening of that into the 2023 environment. But listen, the industrial market is very, very strong right now, right? You saw the consumer number this morning. I mean the consumer is engaged. So, we still see lots of economic activity. Travel and leisure, right, is kind of bursting at the seams. So, we remain mindful, right, that there's certainly recession talks on the environment, but we're a pretty broad-based barometer of the economy, and we're seeing a lot of strength right now.
Jon Vander Ark: Well, we'll look at every dollar of revenue on every customer and really try to understand -- again, we look at pricing with two lens. One is, from a customer and an insight standpoint, right, what does the market bear? What does our offer have from a value standpoint versus our competitors? And then we also want to look on the internal side and say, what is our cost? We're including a capital charge and make sure that we're getting a fair return on that. And so we're going to go systematically through every customer and every dollar of revenue. And I think the encouraging thing is we put out some double-digit price increases, and we're seeing it stick, right? Customers are really valuing the integrated offering. And keep in mind, whatever they spend with us is a very small percentage of their cost structure. And so safety and speed and sustainability and our digital tools and all those things that we're investing in, right, those are big differentiators that allow that price to stick.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, I think what we're -- listen, over time, long-term, I think these businesses converge in terms of returns. I think you'll get free cash flow conversion to get there first because this is a slightly different OpEx-CapEx trade-off in this part of the business. And then over time, I think -- for a longer period of time, I think getting the margin to converge, I don't think is out of sight or out of reach as well. Now, that's not going to happen overnight, right? We are going to kind of ratably, right, systematically take this up. So, I think the goal in the next four or five years to get that in the mid-20s is very reachable.
Jon Vander Ark: I'd say residential, that's been, I'd say, over the last decade, the most disappointing part of the business in terms of where margin and return has gone and that hasn't expanded at the same rate as the other businesses. There's a lot of reasons for that, with commodity prices and inflation and everything else. But listen, we don't do work for free, right? We put upward pressure, right, on all those contracts and look at those contracts just like we were an acquisition, right? We're going to put capital into it and what type of return do we get against that. And if we can't meet our return thresholds on that, we won't do the work.
Jon Vander Ark: No, last year, we put out the highest level of pricing we ever have in small container in the open market, and we had the highest percentage of retention of that price that we've ever had in our history, which is really a staggering number. I think it speaks to, right, the value of our service that we're providing. It also speaks to the broader context with everything else in plating. Those numbers were quite consistent across the quarters, right, in terms of our ability to retain price, right? And we're seeing strength here in the early part of the year on that. So, we're mindful of the environment. But look, at all of these smaller competitors, right, they have truck costs that are going up. They need to buy new equipment after some supply chain challenges, right? They have labor costs that are going up. So, they need the price to cover their costs, which I think is support of a broader pricing environment.
Jon Vander Ark: And I just said the broader macro environment, obviously, we've been through a pandemic and war at the doorstep of Europe and China virtually shutting down and supply chain challenges and inflation. So, I think we're prepared for uncertainty in a dynamic environment. Again, we're running the business, not just for the quarter or the year, we're running it through the cycle and making decisions accordingly. But we're mindful that we may have to adjust or adapt the business if do things emerge.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, across, we think we're going to have at least 4 centers across the U.S. We think when they all get up and running at scale, it's kind of a $250 million incremental revenue business for us. We think the EBITDA margins are going to be certainly north of 30%, right? Very attractive IRRs on those investments, and I think we're going to beat that pro forma, right? And we know from the conversations we've had and the pricing that we're getting right now, we're starting to take orders, obviously, for the center in Las Vegas. I'm very confident we're going to beat those numbers in the pro forma.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, I think it's a good question, Michael. Certainly, and you highlighted it. Certainly, customer mix is a hidden element or hidden factor in being able to get price. And we went through some intentional shedding, right, which has negative drag on our volume for a few quarters when you look a few years back. The quality of our revenue is much higher than it was historically, and we feel good about that. And that's all the way across from national accounts to small container to getting out the last remain broker work out of the system to municipal and getting a fair escalator into those contracts. So, I think the overall health of our pricing across the portfolio, well, not perfect, of course, but it's much, much better than it was a few years ago. And then you combine that with the capture and the tools that we have to really start to grind out a few extra bps here and there across our 13 million customers, who have understanding and willingness to pay. And then on the other side of that, with the RISE platform, driving productivity and changing our cost position in the business. So, when you've got a healthier customer mix, right, and better ability to price with a cost structure that I think is healthy and getting healthier. I think that does create the context for continued margin expansion over time.
Jon Vander Ark: Thank you, Andrea. I would like to thank our 40,000 employees for their efforts that enabled our strong 2022 results. The success of our strategic investments is made possible due to their hard work and commitment to serving our customers. Have a good evening and be safe.
