Brian DelGhiaccio: Thanks, John. Core price on total revenue was 6.8%. Core price on related revenue was 8.1% which included open market pricing of 9.8% and restricted pricing of 5.4%. The components of core price on related revenue included small container of 11.8%, large container of 7.4%, and residential of 7.8%. Average yield on total revenue was 5.5% and average yield on related revenue was 6.6%. Second quarter volume on total revenue decreased 80 basis points and volume on related revenue decreased 1%. Our volume results included a decrease in large container of 3.3%, primarily due to continued softness in construction-related activity, and a decrease in residential of 2.5%, primarily due to municipal contracts lost in 2023, that anniversary in the fourth quarter of this year. During the quarter, small container volume decreased 60 basis points, while landfill MSW increased 1.1%. Small container volume loss is a direct result of intentionally shedding broker-related business obtained through M&A transactions. We continue to adhere to our longstanding strategy of prioritizing direct relationships with our customers. Moving on to recycling. Commodity prices were $173 per ton during the second quarter. This compared to $119 per ton in the prior year. Recycling, processing and commodity sales increased revenue by 50 basis points during the quarter. Our updated full year guidance assumes commodity prices remain at approximately $170 per ton for the remainder of the year. And now turning to our environmental solutions business. Second quarter environmental solutions revenue increased $74 million compared to the prior year fueled by price-led organic growth and contribution from acquisitions. On a same-store basis, environmental solutions contributed 40 basis points to total company internal growth during the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA margin in the environmental solutions business expanded 130 basis points to 23.8% in the second quarter. Environmental solutions EBITDA margin was 22.5% in the prior year. Total company adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 110 basis points to 31.1%. Margin performance during the quarter included margin expansion in the underlying business of 130 basis points and a 20 basis point increase from recycled commodity prices. This was partially offset by a 40 basis point decrease from acquisitions. Year-to-date adjusted free cash flow was $1.15 billion. The decrease from the prior year is primarily due to the timing of capital expenditures. Year-to-date net capital expenditures of $767 million represents an increase of $234 million or 44% compared to the prior year. Capital spending is more ratable in 2024, whereas ‘23 was heavily weighted to the second half of the year. Prior year capital expenditures were impacted by vendor-related delays in truck and equipment deliveries. Total debt was $13.1 billion, and total liquidity was $3.5 billion. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was approximately 2.8 times. With respect to taxes, our combined tax rate and impact from equity investments in renewable energy resulted in an equivalent tax impact of 25.5% during the quarter. We expect a full year equivalent tax impact of approximately 25.5%. With that operator, I'd like to open the call to questions.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. And Tyler, good observation. We talked about -- in Q1 we thought that would be our highest level of pricing of this year and then it would sequentially decline in part just because of some of the index-based pricing and just the impact that has throughout the year. As you've seen, though, we've also seen cost moderate, cost inflation moderate, so our spread we've maintained. So we have a similar level of margin expansion in Q1 and Q2. We would expect that spread to decrease a little bit as we move into the second half of the year. But again, if you take a look, driving outsized margin expansion and well above our initial expectations.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, and Tyler, I think our words were that we saw that in the near term, we saw 32% as achievable. Really what we're looking at is the consistent cadence of margin expansion across our business and we talked about that in the 30 to 40 basis point of margin expansion, the recycling waste business a little bit more in the environment solutions, call it, 75 basis points plus just given where it is in its maturity. And so we continue to see that opportunity as we move forward. So we're not going to call what the theoretical cap is, but again, it's about pricing in excess of cost inflation. It's about realizing the benefits from our initiatives, including our digital initiatives, and driving costs out of the system. And we see that runway for years to come.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, no, it's hundreds. So think about putting in the initial infrastructure and getting connected to the grid and then you think about charging stations which become modular once that infrastructure is put in. And so the strategy is we're going a five-year outplan on each of these sites to understand that we'll be layering more vehicles in. And so you're bearing the upfront cost right now and then it's just an incremental cost to put in the charging station as the fleet grows in that space.
Brian DelGhiaccio: And Noah, just based on when we put in our annual price increase, we didn't see the full impact of that until the second quarter. And so I think that's also reflective of what you're seeing in EBITDA margin performance of that business at the same time.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, let me start with your -- the last part of your question first. I think the shape, you're on the right path there. Maybe a little bit less in Q3 and a little bit more in Q4, but I think the shape, you're directionally correct. Looking at the performance in the underlying business, we saw 120 basis points in recycling waste. We saw actually more than that in the environmental solutions business because for the 130 basis points for the company taken as a whole, remember we had to overcome 80 to 100 basis points of dilution from acquisition we completed in the environmental solutions business in Q4 of ‘23. So, when you take a look at the underlying business within environmental solutions, it was close to 200 basis points.
Brian DelGhiaccio: And a point that I'd make there as well is that if you take a look at the volume decline in small container, it was almost exclusively due to these broker-related losses. If you take a look in the open market, we're actually seeing positive unit growth in that business.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, I would say overall we're looking at price in a similar way that we did in the beginning of the year. I would say the spread between price and cost inflation is favorable. So that's one of the reasons why we're seeing the better than expected margin expansion. And then I would say the other big piece is really just favorable commodity prices and the flowthrough that has to the bottom line. But an overwhelming majority, again, is going to be in that price-cost spread.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, what I would say, Jerry, is that, again, back to we're not looking at a theoretical cap, we're just looking for that consistent improvement in performance. So our expectations is that just, because again, when you think about some of the things that we can do on the balance sheet as far as improving working capital, being more efficient with the CapEx, start with the, 30 to 50 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion we expect, growing free cash flow conversion a little bit more. Now that said, we've got to overcome things like the expiration of bonus depreciation and some other things that we've had to sit there and overcome that are a little bit outside of our control. So you got to overcome that. From the base business though, you can think of that, call it 50 to 75 basis points of improvement. And then you got to net out the impact of bonus depreciation, which is different by year.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, we'd see being on a common platform, right, on that business, on the environmental solutions business in early ‘25, then we can then iterate the system itself in order to be able to get smarter with respect to the information that we have. So we can be more strategic with respect to pricing, get better as far as productivity, and just become more profitable over time. But right now, we still have a number of systems that we're trying just first to consolidate, then we can continue to enhance and improve the system that we're operating on.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, the pipeline looks good. Keep in mind, we don't operate the business for the quarter. We operate it forever. So we did $800 million of acquisitions in Q4 last year. So there's some natural lumpiness, especially the M&A pipeline. So a little quieter for the first quarter. This year, listen, we could end up at $500 million. We could end up between, $400 million to $500 million or we could end up north of $500 million if other stuff kicks in here. I think we'll be north of $400 million just based on what we have in front of us. And then do we get closer to $500 million or above that, we'll see kind of what happens. Sometimes deals hit you and they're in an accelerated fashion. Most of the time at this point, we're kind of looking at a Q1 and Q2 for close for those transactions. So anything bigger would certainly be at a little bit of a longer timeframe in terms of a close in next year, wouldn't close this year anything more substantial.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, we certainly saw good sequential improvement from Q1 to Q2 across maintenance, transportation, labor that -- the cake is already baked on labor for the year, but the comp year-over-year is certainly improving on that. So, as Brian mentioned, that's certainly what's fueling, along with price, our margin expansion. And we seek a continued modulation of that in the second half of the year. So feel really good about the team's execution on cost control.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah, so I think, David, I think you're talking about our RISE digital platform. So we said there was $100 million of opportunity. They're cumulative and we've realized about $65 million to date and we would expect to continue to sit there and realize those benefits in future periods, which is embedded in that 30 to 50 basis points of margin expansion that we're calling for on a regular cadence, that would certainly be part of that over the next couple years.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Sure that’s -- sorry, I think [indiscernible] that's an additional $20 million. Now, it's going to be deployed in a phased approach. So we actually just hit our first pilot locations. We're going to be deploying that through the end of 2025. So we really don't expect to get that full run rate benefit until 2026.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah. So, again, we've talked about our initiative in order to move to those favorable indices, water sewer trash, garbage trash, and those tend to run higher than CPI. So if you're going back and comparing to five or six years ago, yes, we would expect the restricted portion of our book to perform better than it had historically. But, we've made really good progress and movement against that. So, again, we're close to 60% of that book that was historically linked to CPI now on a favorable index or a fixed rate increase. So that's already reflected in the numbers that you saw in, or that you're seeing in 2024. But certainly, yes, we would expect to be better than where we were historically.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Our sensitivity hasn't changed that much just because we haven't added that much to the portfolio. It will certainly -- that sensitivity will increase over time as more projects come online. But right now, if you think about just rough math, a $0.10 change in RIN prices is approximately $1 million of operating income annual for us.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yeah we don't really have a target on the acquisition number. And so we kind of give you a rough guide because it's helpful, I think, for your modeling purposes. But as we think about opportunities, right, we want to buy companies that can first fit our strategic filter. We think we're the natural owner there and we can create value for our customers and then the financial filter, which is -- are we going to exceed our cost of capital and create economic profit for our shareholders. Those are the two things we look at. And so we're not opportunity -- we're not capital constrained in that respect. And so [to the extent] (ph) we find those opportunities, we're going to go do that. So, we've spent as much as $3 billion in a given year, and this year is going to be a little more muted, obviously, partly, again, for the internal constraint of we want to make sure that we can digest and execute what we buy over time. So we'll give you an update as we go get into 2025 what we think the outlook is, but it's going to be more of a year-to-year look than some longer-term outlook of what we're going to spend.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Well, I'd say if you think about we're at, right, kind of our benchmark level, if you think about any normal run of period. Now, if you take a very short look, like, April and May of 2020, after COVID hit, right, it dropped near zero because everyone was just trying to hold on and figure out what's happening in the world. But if you think about any longer run across a set of quarters, we're certainly at our best performance and we're not stopping. We think there's further opportunity for improvement. Obviously, the rate of improvement will slow. Zero is never the right answer in this category, but we think we can get better.
Jon Vander Ark: Sure. Yeah, listen, we feel good about the project and our approach specifically on landfill gas to energy. As you know, we're in a joint venture model and there's a series of independent decisions around projects. And so, to be said that, the RINs market changes and that takes some of those projects kind of below our return threshold, those are projects that we won't do on that front. But keep in mind also that we had a very conservative set of assumptions on $2 RINS and we built out the initial set of assumptions and what we talked to you about financial impact. So we still feel really confident, which ties into the second point. There'll be puts and takes, whether there's an administration change and there'll certainly be a new President, whether that's a party change or not. I think in general the conventional wisdom as a Republican administration is going to be more business friendly and a Democratic one maybe less business friendly. I think if you look at the last three years, our business has performed really well in the context of a Democratic administration. So I think in any environment we feel confident there'll be some puts or takes on the margin for sure but we'll -- our team will navigate that.
Jon Vander Ark: Sure. Yeah, I think from a volume standpoint, we'll be slightly below our original expectations and that's a function of, listen, the construction market's still pretty challenged. With high interest rates, commercial construction activity and residential construction activity have been very muted and you see that our volume numbers in [temp] (ph) large container the great news is that pricing is holding up and I think the industry is behaving very responsibly in that context. And I also am relatively optimistic that that is somewhat of a short-term phenomenon. We need more housing stock in the United States. I think you're starting to see rays of hope here on interest rates cuts, which I think will be the catalyst for that to happen, whether that happens three months from now or six or nine months from now. I do think that's more transitory versus permanent on that front. And then there's also been, again, you talked about the residential contracts. We've accelerated some of the broker exits that we acquired in our M&A deals we always talk about, we require somebody we never value to work on brokers because we know it's going to matriculate out of the system. We've accelerated that, so that drove a little bit of outsized volume decline in the quarter. And then for the overall revenue guide, part of that is the volume outlook, which I just gave you. Part of that is the sustainability projects, landfill gas to energy. We're going to hit our number. The timing of the starts of those is going to be a little bit later in the year. I think ourselves and the industry have faced a little bit of delays in terms of permitting, getting the equipment in place, et cetera. So that's not a big surprise. And then our polymer center, well, we’ve teams executing phenomenally in terms of the product we're producing. We got to a little bit of a later start than we expected through all kinds of things ancillary to the system like permitting for the facility and other things, so that caused a little delay in the timing on that front. Again, that's transitory and we'll be on full run rate as I discussed in my prepared remarks.
Jon Vander Ark: Listen, we look at everything. We have made a perspective on any type of transaction and if it's going to create value for our shareholders and fits with us strategically, we'll certainly be at the table on that front. So, plus that we do about 20 deals a year on average over the last decade. Most of those are the small tuck-ins, which we're great at and we've got a good pipeline looking forward. And then the bigger ones become more opportunistic, just in terms of is it a fit for us time-wise? Does it create value? Are we the natural owner of that? Again, you'll see us be active in that space over time.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah, there's plenty of opportunities, no question. On the small tuck-ins on the environmental solutions side of the business, we've been intentionally a little bit slow on that this year because the team is doing a lot of integration work from an IT standpoint. And again, it's very analogous to recycling and waste. We create value in that space because we've got well-run systems, highly integrated, and we can take a smaller company and layer that operationally right into our density and just draft right off of our systems. Until we get that on the environmental solutions side, you're just adding to your complexities, you're not getting that synergy. And so you'll see us, again, that pipeline is building, you'll see us be much more active next year in the space.
Jon Vander Ark: I think it's consistent, which is there's variation in deals that may be of a little lower quality from our perspective. I think the high quality deals, right, you're going to pay certainly a higher multiple for. But then I think we've done -- got a good example of that with the US Ecology acquisition. If you buy something quality and you've got a plan against it, you can certainly drive value post-acquisition.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah, strongly -- we're still in the growth mode in that business, right? And so we're -- recycling and waste is a very mature business and we could kind of give you a really clear and clean outlook, right? There's going to be a little more up and down in this business as we grow and build it out and part of that is on the customer side. On one hand we are churning out customers on one end of the business who weren't willing to pay returns and -- to beat our returns and we're going to put upward pressure on industry pricing as we always do. And on the flip side, we're layering cross-sell opportunities that we've talked about. And so those don't all come in kind of ratably month to month. Those come in kind of in different timing and waves. So really pleased with the progress. I'd encourage you on that business, if you're measuring it by the quarter, right, you're probably not going to get the best signal quarter to quarter if that's over the next one to two years certainly. Measuring it over the year, I think, gives you a much better view of the trajectory and we're really pleased on both the top line and certainly bottom line performance of that business.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, yeah, we are. And if you know that business and nature of it, because it's so mix sensitive, there isn't a very clear kind of unit versus price, the kind of pair apart or peel apart volume versus price like we do in recycling and waste. And it hasn't been for lack of trying, but there's just too many variables that don't allow us to do that, but underlying organic unit growth will be there.
Jon Vander Ark: Well, I'd say the good news is, from an ongoing standpoint, right, we had a bigger broker business a decade ago, and we made a very clear choice that we believe customers are people who generate recycling waste, and we want to have direct relationships with them. So, we're very intentional. What's happened is over the last four or five years, as we've become much more acquisitive, we've seen that portion of the business increase because when we acquire companies, we see that 10% of their book, for example, might be serving brokers. And we don't value $0.01, right, when we pay the purchase price of the deal, because we know that business is going to come out of the system. Typically, we do that over the course of six to maybe even 12 or 18 months honoring contracts in a very ratable fashion, right? In this case, we accelerated it because we felt like with one broker, in particular, we had a receivables risk. And so we took more accelerated action. But there'll always be a small portion of the business that's going to be a drag on our revenue that we're shedding because it's coming in through M&A.
Jon Vander Ark: No, it's all of the above. It's certainly pricing for the value we're delivering. It is challenging then the mix, right? We make more money in certain, especially in the field services side of the business, you make more money in certain areas and less in others. And then even within some of those categories of in field service challenging each customer account. What isn't really earning their cost of capital and therefore those are things we're pricing or replacing over time and the team's done a great job of that. I'd say as we get our IT systems in place, which Del talked about, that gives us an opportunity to get even more refined and drive even more value from a pricing standpoint.
Jon Vander Ark: Well, I think Del highlighted earlier, think about recycling of waste 30 to 50 basis points of margin expansion a year. We talked about environmental solutions, getting to 25%. Now again, we're reaching there, getting there probably a little quicker than we thought. But again, there'll be some ups and downs in any given quarter. But over the sequence, certainly have line of sight to 25% margin for the year on that category. And then that's not the ending point, right? We'll continue to move. I think in the long term, we would aspire to have EBITDA margins across the two different parts of our business that converge over time, because we think there's that much opportunity and value that's delivered in the environmental solutions space. And again, that's a long-term target on that, but I've given you kind of a marker for kind of what kind of ratable improvement. And we're reticent to kind of choose an individual year because again, that's not how we run the business. We run it forever.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah, so service increases continue to exceed decreases. And as I mentioned, for net new business within our open market small container is positive. So if you just take the open market, it would have been modestly positive. I would sit there and say, in the quarter, which was completely offset by what we saw from the broker-related business.
Jon Vander Ark: Thank you, Nick. I would like to thank the entire Republic Services team for their focus on exceeding customer expectations and commitment to driving value for all of our stakeholders. Have a wonderful rest of the summer and be safe.
