Nicole Giandinoto: Thank you. I would like to welcome everyone to Republic Services fourth quarter 2018 conference call. Don Slager, our CEO; Jon Vander Ark, our President; and Chuck Serianni, our CFO are joining me as we discuss our performance.I would like to take a moment to remind everyone that some of the information we discuss on today's call contains forward-looking statements, which involves risk and uncertainties and maybe materially differ from actual results. Our SEC filings discuss factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The material that we discuss today is time-sensitive. If in the future, you listen to a rebroadcast or recording of this conference call, you should be sensitive to the date of the original call, which is February 13, 2020.Please note that this call is the property of Republic Service, Inc. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without the expressed written consent of Republic Services is strictly prohibited. I want to point out that our SEC filings, our earnings press release which includes GAAP reconciliation table and a discussion of business activities, along with the recording of this call, are all available on Republic's website at republicservices.com. I want to remind you that Republic's management team routinely participates in Investor Conferences. When events are scheduled, the date, time and presentations are posted on our website.With that, I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Nicole Giandinoto: Michael, we don't have that detail in front of us. That's the quarterly amount and not the full year. But as you think about it, we should do somewhat the same of what we did this year. You're going to have -- CPI is going to be a benefit in the first half of 2020, but it will flip to a slight headwind. So for the year it kind of -- it'll wash its way out. So again think of core price and restricted price to look it a lot like it does today.
Nicole Giandinoto: Yeah. And remember Michael as we increase recycling collection pricing that flows through the yield.
Chuck Serianni: Thanks Jon. Adjusted EPS for the full year was $3.34 and included a $0.06 net benefit associated with CNG tax credits. In December, CNG tax credits were enacted retroactively to 2018 and will be available through 2020.Our adjusted EBITDA margin for the full year was 28.3% and increased 30 basis points versus the prior year. This included underlying margin expansion of 70 basis points. This is partially offset by a 40 basis point headwind from lower recycled commodity prices.The CNG tax credit did not impact the year-over-year change in margin. Adjusted free cash flow for the full year was $1.2 billion. Adjusted free cash flow was favorable relative to our expectations, primarily due to lower cash taxes. Cash taxes were favorably impacted in the fourth quarter by acquisition-related bonus depreciation. At year-end leverage was 3 times and within our optimal range of 2.5 to 3 times.Next turning to our 2020 guidance. The current economic backdrop remains supportive of continued growth. Consumer sentiment is strong, unemployment is low and housing starts are up year-over-year. Given this favorable backdrop for the year we expect total revenue growth of approximately 4.25% to 5% and adjusted EBITDA margin expansion of 20 to 40 basis points.We expect this level of margin expansion, despite approximately 30 basis points of headwind going into 2020. These headwinds include lower recycled commodity prices, a decrease in upstream environmental services revenues and an additional workday.Relative to our preliminary outlook, we increased our adjusted EPS guidance range by $0.02 to $3.48 to $3.53. The increase is due to a $0.04 benefit from CNG tax credits which is partially offset by an additional $0.02 headwind from our upstream environmental services business.We also increased our adjusted free cash flow guidance by $25 million to $1.175 billion to $1.225 billion. The increase is due to a $30 million benefit from CNG tax credits partially offset by an additional $5 million headwind from our upstream environmental services business.Keep in mind our adjusted free cash flow guidance for 2020 includes $100 million of CapEx associated with the reinvestment of tax reform savings. These funds represent continued investments in updated locker rooms, break rooms, training facilities and equipment for the benefit of our front-line employees. This $100 million capital investment will not reoccur in 2021. Normalizing for this capital investment, our free cash flow baseline exiting 2020 will be approximately $1.3 billion.With that operator I'd like to open the call to questions.
Chuck Serianni: Yes absolutely Hamzah you're right. We've been shedding some of that work. And while there'll always be a little bit of that work to shed because as we acquire companies, right we find that the book of business, we don't value that when we pay for those companies. But we're certainly kind of at the bottom of that trend and you're going to see positive growth in that line of business.
Chuck Serianni: Yeah. Hamzah, this is Chuck. And yeah, we do see SG&A trending down from here. I would say into 2020 we're projecting that it will be flat to slightly down.
Chuck Serianni: Yes. So, 1Q is -- it's a little bit higher right now, a few dollars higher right now, but not significantly different than our guidance level which is at $65.
Chuck Serianni: Yes. You're right about that Tyler. So, a little bit more of a headwind in Q1. Keep in mind that that's where we have the additional workday, right? So you've got that phenomenon in there. And Don already mentioned the fact that you've got the commodity price headwind that hits us in Q1. And then we accelerate there from there right to a good Q2 good Q3. And then Q4 right now we're thinking is going to be kind of flattish.
Chuck Serianni: Yes. So EBITDA in 2019 in Q4 was $17 million of a benefit. And then we're expecting it to be similar to that in 2020.
Chuck Serianni: Yes. It really is just drilling activity. That's what's driving that variance right now. So that's -- that could be anywhere like we said from 0 to 25 basis points of the negative.
Chuck Serianni: Yeah. And according to the statute right now, solar credits actually start to phase out. I believe it's this year. And I think that they phase out over a five-year period. Now there's debate right now whether or not they'll be extended similar to what happened with CNG. So -- but to Don's point that remains a great investment alternative for us and something that we would like to do on our fully depreciated closed landfills.
Chuck Serianni: Yeah, Michael. So think about $1.2 billion kind of as the midpoint on the exit. We've got $100 million of tax reform capital included in that number as we had talked about, which doesn't rollover into 2021. So that's really how you get to that exit of $1.3 billion.
Chuck Serianni: Yeah, there is Michael that we had talked about. $40 million of working capital timing but that is offset now by the $30 million of a benefit that we get associated with CNG.
Chuck Serianni: Yeah, yeah. And it's probably -- it's going to be the open market piece of it Michael. We think that that's going to get a little bit better.
Chuck Serianni: Yeah. Just to clarify Michael, $15 million is just the pure commodity impact. The actions that we already have baked into the plan more than offset that. To the extent, we make additional progress that's just icing on top of that cake.
Chuck Serianni: Yeah. We've been very happy. Obviously, it's a CapEx-OpEx trade-off which is -- we've got state-of-the-art equipment in there and it allows us to cut the labor about in half, right? In the overall process and produce a cleaner product, on the back-end.So we think that's really attractive. And then, as you know, we always think about an anchor tenant. And a community that's willing to partner with us, in order to do that. And over time, I think you'll see continued investment as we go forward. And build out that product line.
Chuck Serianni: Yeah. We said the $68 million is the right number. That's already included in our 1% growth guidance for 2020.
Chuck Serianni: And I think across the category, you're seeing that in labor. You're seeing that in maintenance. If you take out the commodity impact on the revenue right really, really good leverage on business on the cost side. And we feel that's a great foundation that takes us into 2020 which is helping drive that margin expansion.
Don Slager: Sure. This is Don. We – as I said in my remarks, we've got the most robust pipeline, we've seen in years going into the year. And we spent over $0.5 billion in 2019. While our guide only has $200 million spend in it, I personally wouldn't be surprised, if we matched or exceeded this – last year's performance. There's a good pipeline of really good companies, and we've got a really good team that is across the nation looking at deals. And as I always say, we look at everything, and we sort out what we're most attracted to. And we're out there talking to a lot of people. We've got a lot of interest right now.So we feel pretty confident. And as far as the leverage, when we talk about leverage being sort of sweet spot two and half to three we have at times gone over three times leverage to buy really good cash flow. And as I said in my remarks, the very best use of our cash flow is to buy more good cash flow at the right multiple. So we could lever up a little bit and then we'll pay that debt down over time. As long as, we're buying good cash flow that's a good recipe for success.
Don Slager: And Hamzah, I'll add to that. We have done a great job of building really strong foundational capability within the business over the last several years. And we are at a good inflection point to leverage that scale. And believe me, we're having a lot of conversations about that. We've got a really good talented group of people here that frankly can run a bigger company without having to add – constantly add people and resources. So you're exactly, right.
Don Slager: Yeah. Let me add to that. And we have a very consistent approach for price-volume. There's no zigging and zagging, with our thinking on that. And so there's a lot of moving parts to this story. But as Jon said, everything has to contribute. And we feel like we're getting our fair share of organic growth, but we are doing some intentional things right to make sure that we're not doing this for practice.
Don Slager: Yes. And let me add to that. We posted landfill pricing, really strong landfill pricing 3.4% MSW pricing as a backdrop. If you look at just the open market landfill and transfer pricing, pricing is actually 4.5% to 5.5%, right? So, in open market post-collection pricing is moving in the right direction as it should. That also provides sort of underlying economics that make the market more rational.
Don Slager: Sure. Look also I mean housing starts if housing starts remain up that's a supply and demand environment that contributes to higher pricing, right? So, we've got open-top -- our open-top business should improve as well.
Don Slager: Yes. Now remember commodity prices were still high in the first half of 2019. That's really what we're talking about. We think they've stabilized and they'll remain stable through the year. But we still have to sort of overcome that first half of 2019 where they were stronger.
Don Slager: And so think about the size of our business 5 million transactions a day 5 million pickup points a day. And you can get a little -- just incrementally better across five pickup points right from all the points Jon said, there's leverage there.
Don Slager: We start to get the rollover benefit of pricing and all the great work the team is doing on converting contracts to the right index to the fair share arrangement. All those things are building speed sort of compound through time. The full pipeline when we first integrate these businesses, we don't see a lot of extra cash flow because of the integration cost. But as they get fully tucked in everything gets converted it bills right? So you'll see all that bills return.
Don Slager: Well, there's a lot of mix, right? And then again when we intentionally shed business we're shedding business that is a lower price per unit right? And we're attentional and unregrettable then that's just a change. So I'll tell you this, we have a pricing plan, of course. There's no doubt that we have a pricing group here that works very closely with all our field leaders. And we know what kind of pricing actions we're going to be taking throughout the year. And we have a pretty good feeling for what willingness to pay is in the markets.And then, it's just the power of the portfolio. We're number one or number two across these markets. We've got good penetration. The field team is doing a better job every month on customer experience and service. And that all drives willingness to pay.The team is doing a great job in educating customers on the way to recycle correctly and people are starting to buy in more, really willing to pay their fair share. I mean, all those things create pricing opportunity for us. So we're pretty confident in the direction we're headed and in the stability and the traction in pricing group.
Don Slager: And, of course, right, we're self-insured, right? So we're really just talking about insurance for sure.
Don Slager: Yes. The majority was solid waste. And frankly, the majority will continue to be solid waste, right? I mean, there -- as I said in my remarks earlier, there's a great pipeline of really good quality companies. There's still plenty of good business for us to look at and consolidate tuck-in and bolt-on and even maybe in a few new markets that we can look at geographically. That's where the focus will continue to be. But there'll be some great opportunities as our core capability expands with key customers who want us to do a few more things for.
Don Slager: Well, I'll start and Chuck can add in. We have, as you know, quite a few closed landfills. So we've got a big real estate portfolio. And, yes, I mean ultimately, depending on the economics depending on the tax incentives, depending on the advancement of solar technology, of course, and the ability to connect to the grid, all those things are in flux.But just like you've seen advancements in EV, there'll probably be more advancements in solar that we can't even imagine today. But we're well positioned with a great deal of real estate.We've got good partners in the solar space. The investments we made have been great investments with good returns. And as the opportunity exists, we'll continue to do it. And we'd like to certainly see asset utilization in this new way from our landfills if that's possible. That's why we started down this road in the first place.
Don Slager: Yeah. The other thing that gets uncomfortable is just the discussion around contamination, right? So, we focus greatly now on contamination levels. And that could include just glass, which is highly recyclable but of course has low value. And in some geographies the trucking cost to get glass to an end user just takes the whole thing upside down. So, we've got to have those honest discussions with generators about whether the material really does have real sustainable environmental value at the end of the day or are we just basically burning more rubber and more fuel to make ourselves feel good.And then, I just -- the contamination level of educating the end users the consumers on how to do it, right. So again, we've done a great deal of work in creating tools and training to point people to the right place to learn how to do it right. But frankly municipalities, consumers, customers have to take responsibility for this contamination, because when they deliver a stuff that's 80% contaminated we call that garbage, right? So we're working through that. But -- so, we're having a great honest discussions about how do we make recycling sustainable and profitable and good for everybody and we think we can do it. So we're well...
Don Slager: Yeah. Multiples are still very good. We will of course and have and we will continue to we pay more for businesses that have infrastructure, that's critical permits, that are impossible to replicate those types of things.We discount purchase prices, when there's a little bit too much temporary work or too much broker work. We don't pay for that. So, each deal is different. But on a blended basis, when you look at the whole portfolio of M&A that we're doing, we would tell you that multiples are still pretty stable.
Don Slager: Yeah. Some of those deals were deals we thought, we'd close at year-end. And they just didn't get done. They rolled into the New Year.
Don Slager: Thank you, Gary. You've done a great job for us today. In 2019 through the relentless efforts of our people working together at all levels of the company, we outperformed the financial goals we set at the beginning of the year. We achieved strong pricing and we expanded EBITDA margins, generated $1.2 billion of free cash flow and invested over $500 billion in acquisitions.Our strong finish to 2019 sets us up for continued success in 2020. Given the underlying momentum in our business, we're well positioned to deliver approximately 5% top line revenue growth and nearly 6% EBITDA growth. On top of that, we are entering 2020 with one of the strongest acquisition pipelines we've seen in years. We will achieve our 2020 guidance by pricing our products and services to ensure we earn an appropriate return.Partnering with our municipal recycling customers to build more durable economically sustainable recycling programs. Tightly managing our costs and increasing productivity through the rollout of our RISE platform as Jon described and leveraging the current momentum in our business from the investments we've made in our people, the customer experience, operational excellence and our strong market position.As always, we will continue to manage the business to create long-term value for our -- all of our stakeholders. I would like to thank everyone on the Republic team for their hard work commitment and dedication to operational excellence and of course creating the Republic way. Thank you for spending time with us today. Have a good evening and please be safe out there.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. I think you'll see that in Q1. And please keep in mind volume and price are related. And we've had really, really strong pricing over the last couple of years in part, because we think about returns at every level. When we acquire a company every customer we sell to, we want to have the appropriate return on the investment we make. And so that's caused us to shed some of that work as we've taken price up. We feel like we're off a really good base to price. And I think you're going to see that volume growth we're forecasting you're going to see that consistent across the four quarters in 2020.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah – no. I think I'll see that as sustainable. And the reason is, it's years in the making. It's not an event. We've always gotten that or above that in the open market part of the business and the bag – the drag excuse me has been the CPI related part of the business. And we've worked very, very hard on alternative index and getting everybody to pay their fair share. And as you're seeing us continually push that the market is changing on that front. Those RFPs change and that is becoming the norm of the pricing index and a lot of those municipal contracts and when everybody contributes to pricing that allows us to sustain that 3% over time.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, I mean small container is usually our flagship along with large container perm historically and I expect them to continue to lead the way. But I think the broader theme you're hearing is every part of the business needs to contribute, right? We don't just accept some people are not willing to pay their fair share, right?And to Don's point, it's got to start from the landfill right and that emanates into the collection side of the business. And when those two things work in the right direction, we get it across the Board.
Jon Vander Ark: No. So, the headwinds that we faced in 2020 one is commodity prices about 10 basis points. I talked about the upstream environmental services that's about another 10 basis points of margin headwind that we face.And then I mentioned the extra workday that we have in 2020 that's another 10 basis points. Net all that out and what you end up with is about 50 to 70 basis points in underlying margin expansion just due to the base business.
Jon Vander Ark: And while we have that commodity price headwind we're taking pricing actions overall in recycling that more than offset that commodity price headwind.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. Broad-based we start with the customer right? The first thing is to deliver an even better customer experience. We're 99.9% reliable in our delivery. We want to think about a zero defect environment. So, how do we improve the customer experience. How do we make the fully experienced better? And they want to be dealing with a digital environment making it easier for them to do their job.And then we think we take some costs out of the business. We make it more productive or more efficient right and we can get more pulls in this case into the large container system because we've got the tools available to do that.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. And I think the more important thing is these aren't disconnected or these aren't just aspirations. These are deeply connected in our business. And we believe to be environmentally sustainable. You have to be economically sustainable. So, these are things that are great for the broader community as a whole, the smaller community and municipalities and they're going to be good for our business. So safety for example is one of our goals, right?Our number one priority right, we want all of our colleagues to go home after work every night, so a huge priority for us. By doing that, we also lower our risk expense and improve the profitability of the business. Our employee engagement by getting them more engaged we lower our turnover and lower the cost of operating the business, right? By adding to our recycling capacity, we meet our customers' need doing it in a sustainable business model where they're going to be willing to pay their fair share for those investments, right? Engaging our community and our national neighborhood promise right is a way that we give back to the community, but it entrenches us with our most important customers and allows us to maintain and extend those contracts over time.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. What we're seeing Tyler and it's not just us, it's all of Corporate America right now. The insurance markets are really, really hard. They're really tight right now. And it has to do with a lot of the natural disasters that the insurance companies are – have been dealing with. Having said that, considering the fact that we are a Fortune 300 company, given our size and all that, we're able to mitigate those cost increases through other cost initiatives that we have within our system.
Jon Vander Ark: Yeah. So, on the processing side, a little further ahead on that front. So, we're over 50% on that side of the business. On the recycling collection side, we've got about 36% converted. And that's across a portfolio of 1,300 contracts, and we're not stopping. We continue to walk through City Hall and tell the message around a model that needs to be economically sustainable, to be environmentally sustainable over time. And I can tell you we're seeing momentum shift.First, it was trying to convince staff and now staff is saying to us, hey, listen we've got to work together to convince the electeds because they understand the issue and they have a strong desire to keep their recycling programs: one because it's the right thing to do; and second because the residents deeply want them to keep it. And we've got to work together to make it economically sustainable.
Jon Vander Ark: Some of the cost -- some of the volatility impact, right. There's the volatility aspect to recycling is the commodity prices. And historically, we've borne most of that and some cities say, well, I don't want to bear that either because I don't like the idea of moving residential recycling pricing month to month to month. And we've innovated together with them thinking about hey, let's get a price that's sustainable for residents over the cycle and do things like when commodities are up you can put that in an enterprise fund, right? And so you could take the volatility there. And when the buy prices are high that creates some upside to get the new fire truck, put in the new playground and do things to enhance the community.
Jon Vander Ark: And that's open market. The facilities that's open market collection, all the open market recycling has been repriced.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. So -- no listen landfills are important assets to Don's point very, very tough to permit. And we -- environmental compliance is something we take very, very seriously. So -- and we price accordingly to more than cover our cost of inflation. That being said, we work on both sides of the equation, not just pricing, but also on the cost. And we work very, very diligently and have an incredible team here that looks at all our landfills from a centralized basis. And every month we're monitoring every element of the landfill is it producing the right level of leachate right any elevated heat sources. And we're getting in quickly and we're mitigating small problems, so that those small problems won't become big ones. And that's really helped us mitigate our cost over time.
Michael Hoffman: And isn't there some working capital timing? There's like $40 million of working capital timing that…
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then housekeeping question. The $15 million of modeled headwind from recycling doesn't give you any benefit for your continuing to work through the 55% that's MRF processing in the 36% on contracts right? You could in fact offset some of that if you make some progress on...
Michael Hoffman: Terrific, thanks a lot. And one -- I'll just make one comment. This press release is really useful, the way it's been laid out. Thanks for doing that.
