Eric Gerratt: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Joining me on the call this morning are Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Jeff Feeler; Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Simon Bell; and Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing, Steve Welling.  Before we begin, please note that certain statements contained in this conference call that do not describe historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Since forward-looking statements include risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements.  Factors that could cause results to differ materially from those expressed include, but are not limited to those discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These risks and uncertainties also include but are not limited to statements regarding the continued impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the macroeconomic impact of specific end markets in which we operate and our expectations for financial results for 2021. Management cannot control or predict many factors that determine future results. Listeners should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect management's views only on the date such statements are made. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements or to make any other forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. For those joining by webcast, you can follow along with today's presentation. For those listening by phone, you can access today's presentation on our website at www.usecology.com. Throughout yesterday's earnings release and our call and presentation today, we refer to adjusted EBITDA, adjusted earnings per diluted share cash earnings per diluted share and adjusted free cash flow. These metrics are not determined in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and therefore are susceptible to varying calculations. A definition, calculation, and reconciliation to the financial statements of adjusted earnings per diluted share, cash earnings per diluted share, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted free cash flow can be found in Exhibit A of our earnings release. We believe these non-GAAP metrics are useful in evaluating our reported results.With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff.
Eric Gerratt: Thank you, Jeff. Starting with consolidated results on Slide 8. Revenue for the first quarter of 2021 was $228.6 million. Revenue for the Waste Solutions segment was $104.1 million for the first quarter of 2021, down 5% compared to $109.4 million in the first quarter of 2020. The decrease was due to a 17% decline in transportation revenue and a 3% decrease in Treatment and Disposal revenue.  The decline in our Treatment and Disposal revenue was driven by a 3% decline in base business and a 9% decrease in event business in the first quarter of 2021 compared to the first quarter last year. The Field Services segment delivered revenue of $118.2 million in the first quarter, up 4% compared to $114 million in the first quarter of 2020.  This increase was driven by increases in our emergency response, small quantity generation and total waste management service lines. Total gross margin contracted approximately 280 basis points to 23% in the first quarter of 2021 compared to the same period last year. This was primarily a result of lower waste volumes in both our Waste solutions and our energy waste segments. Selling, general and administrative spending or SG&A was $51.4 million in the first quarter of 2021 and included $1.2 million of business development and integration expenses. This compared to $52.4 million in the first quarter of 2020, which included $2.9 million in business development and integration expenses. Adjusted loss per diluted share was $0.07 in the first quarter of 2021 compared to adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.12 in the same quarter last year. Adding back the impact of intangible asset amortization, cash earnings per diluted share was $0.14 in the first quarter of 2021 compared to $0.33 per share in the first quarter of 2020. Adjusted EBITDA was $33.2 million in the first quarter, down 23% from the first quarter of 2020. Turning to Slide 9. We exited the quarter with a solid balance sheet and strong liquidity. Despite the lower operating results compared to the prior year, we were able to generate strong adjusted free cash flow of $13.7 million in the first quarter of 2021. We had cash of $82.4 million and over $140 million of available capacity on our revolving line of credit at the end of the first quarter. Net borrowings were $702. 9 million at March 31, 2021, which was an improvement over our net borrowings at December 31, 2020. Our bank covenant leverage ratio was 4.5 times at March 31, 2021, well under the 5.5 times covenant level for the quarter. We expect the first quarter of 2021 to be the high point in terms of leverage and that will be below 4 times at the end of 2021. With that, I'll turn the call back to Jeff.
Eric Gerratt: I mean we're one quarter into it, another month behind us after today with April on here. And what I would say is, is the year is looking, the way we intended it to look maybe it's a little bit better. I mean there's a lot of green shoots that are out there. And our first quarter results, they were strong results given the fact pattern. But you also put into context some of the continued start and stop activities that we've seen with the ongoing pandemic, but we also had some major weather events that disrupted everything. So all in, I'm really proud of what we delivered in the first quarter. And I think it does set us up for a strong 2021. But there is still nine months to go. And we're going to continue to execute our strategy in our plan. And we have conviction in our guidance range that we released just back in February and reaffirmed it yesterday.
Eric Gerratt: No. Michael, this is Eric. We're able to pay the facility down as quickly as we'd like. So there are no limitations on either obviously on the revolver, but even on the term loan B. The only limitations we have for the first year, there were some limitations on that, but that's, it's now wide open and we can pay down as quickly as we want.
Eric Gerratt: I think that's, this is Eric, Tyler. I think that's probably a reasonable range. If you look at our second quarter last year, we did EBITDA of just under $39 million. And so, I would expect us to be quite a bit better than that and that we can see laid out is probably reasonable.
Eric Gerratt: So we're tracking a little bit ahead of what we thought for 2021 and it's really driven on the revenue side of things and I talked about the momentum, that's definitely continuing. And we're seeing a lot of opportunities emerged as we continue to really get more of a cohesive sales group across the organization and driving those results.  And we're seeing opportunities there. So we do believe that by the end of the year, we'll have achieved that $20 million run-rate and there is potentially upside to that next year.
Eric Gerratt: And Tyson, Just in terms of kind of the categories where, we're feeling the most pressure in terms of costs. That we've talked a lot about labor, that that's probably one of the biggest right there with it insurance. Insurance is one that that everyone frankly whether in our industry or not, we're seeing pretty significant increases and have over the last couple of years, this year is not exception. Steve talked about transportation. We feel like we do have some opportunities there just based on where our contracts work to recapture, a lot of the increases there. So the reagents in commodities, that's another area. I would say, as the companies grown and as we've kind of diversified at that, that's not a significant of portion as it used to be US Ecology, but it is still a meaningful cost that we're continuing to watch and monitor. And there's some pressure there as well.
Eric Gerratt: So our capital deployment plan is really focused on organic capital investment, paying down debt, doing small tuck-in acquisitions if they come available and then we'll be looking at returning any capital to shareholders likely in 2022.
Jeff Feeler: Thank you, Eric. We are encouraged by the positive trends we are seeing with quarter-over-quarter improvement across most if not all our business lines. With this and the improving industrial trends combined with our ongoing success in our NRC integration activities, we have reaffirmed our 2021 business outlook. This includes a forecast of growth for revenue, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per diluted share in 2021. Diving into our integration activities in more detail. We continue to make terrific progress and we are seeing our revenue synergies really gained momentum here in the second year. We continue to see a path to meet our three-year target of $20 million of EBITDA synergies by the end of 2021, one year ahead of our original target. Slide 10 has a detailed breakdown of our 2021 guidance that was released in February of this year and that we are reaffirming today. I am so proud of the entire US Ecology team and their ability to step-up, innovate and drive value during these times. As the industrial economies recover, we have the right assets and services in the right places to capitalize and thrive. We continue to be a trusted partner to our customers and together we are building a sustainable future for all. And with that, we'll open up the call for questions.
Jeff Feeler: Thinking about the cadence of the top line, normal seasonality will play in and will drive it. So yeah, we're expecting Q2 to be sequentially better than Q1 and Q3, sequentially better than Q2. And they're talking about cadence from March to April, I would say, we're seeing similar patterns. And w -- when you get into the first quarter and look at it by month, March was the strongest month that we had. So all of that is pointing in the right direction. There is nothing that's given us a lot of pause there in their. And I would say that we're on track to deliver that range and execute on our plan.
Jeff Feeler: So all of that factored in Michael in what we're seeing. And I think that that when you think about the choppiness we referred to in Q1, we saw it with a lot of closures and kind of the high rates of infection that we saw in the pandemic, we've seen that alleviate. But on the supply chain information, it is impacting our customers. If you go and read the detailed commentary on what industrial customers are staying through ISM and things like that, they claim, they can't meet their demand because one supply changes disruption, but also labor shortages. And those are some of the things our customers are challenged with to regain and get back to I'll call pre-COVID levels and growth there upon. And so, those are things that are all factored in. But we're seeing it in our customer base and it creates ongoing choppiness.
Jeff Feeler: We haven't even tried to attempt to quantify that Michael. From our operational perspective, some of our business lines were down 10 and 10 days to two weeks, others reopened fairly rapidly, especially in our services arm and we had a little bit of freeze damage from the weather. But the reality is February was definitely impacted pretty hard in that region. We did see a nice uptick in March in that area, which probably is a little bit of pickup on there. But when we look at the whole of the equation, it's probably a setback because some of that business will never regain, because our customers were shut down. But for the most part, we still think that business conditions are robust enough down there that we'll be able to recover.
Jeff Feeler: No, it's actually trending down. So we saw a surge in January and the first part of February, and it's been trending down since then, which is what we anticipated and it really follows the case loads that are out there. And from the good side of things that for me humanity standpoint is we are seeing ourselves getting ahead of this pandemic at least here domestically. And so, if we see a risen case load, I would imagine that business line will benefit from it and otherwise they will be replaced by hopefully resurgence of industrial-based activities. Thanks, Michael.
Jeff Feeler: From a year-over-year perspective, directionally, it was up about 10%. Now, the reality is if you go back to March of last year, we probably, we were starting to shut down in the second week or halfway through. So probably, March last year was a little bit lower when you look at the monthly cycle on that. So I think that's elevated.  When you look at our base business for the full year, we are still confident that we're going to be able to deliver growth for between 5% to 7% on that and that's with us being down 3% in the first quarter. So everything is trending the way we expected it. It could be a little bit better than what we said on that side of things. But overall, when you equal everything out, we're still very confident in what we have for guidance out there.
Jeff Feeler: And as a reminder, Tyler, the $20 million number was one that we put out at the time of the acquisition that we thought we'd be at that run rate by the end of 2022. So we feel like we're a year ahead of schedule.
Jeff Feeler: Well, Tyler, there's definitely green shoots in there. I mean, we definitely were ahead of plan and what we have anticipated on that business. We've seen rig counts increased dramatically from the low point, but they've increased, they've increased sequentially as well. And it's in both of the basins, both the Permian and Eagle Ford that we're -- that we planned. The reality though and the sanity check is we're still at 50% levels of where we were pre-pandemic. So all the trends are good. The activity is increasing. We're seeing a lot of green shoots out there. But we still have a ways to go to get back to that pre-pandemic level.
Jeff Feeler: From a revenue standpoint, it's about half and half on there. So where our strength right now is in Eagle Ford, because we have two assets that we're put in place just before the pandemic set in and the Permian. Those are -- they are and they are trending positive, but they're still not to where we want them to be.
Jeff Feeler: And to just clarify that a little Tyler. The landfill Simon is referring to is the one in the Eagle Ford that that's the first one that was built. And so, it's current cell is almost, it's been operating for what four years and so it's just the next cell at that facility.
Jeff Feeler: I think everybody is competing for the same talent. I mean, the reality is, not only is are we competing against other companies, but my personal opinion is I think that there, we're competing against some of the government subsidy programs that are out there and that will hopefully will free up here the summer timeframe. But I think the combination of those two is creating a challenging condition to recruit frontline workers.
Jeff Feeler: So what we're seeing is the West has seen some positivity and really the Gulf. And they're the ones that are starting to have been reopened and are reopening more. When we saw the start and stop is we have a lot of operations in the Michigan corridor and they've been a hotspot. And so, that was a challenge in the first quarter. But they're getting things under control. And we anticipate that that to improve here overall. And then, internationally, Canada continues to struggle. They're not -- they don't have the same vaccination rates that we do here. And I think Ontario just walk back down or the province of Ontario. And so, they've been struggling there. But the underlying business still seems to be gaining traction and positive momentum even though they're going through some starts and stops.
Jeff Feeler: Steve, why don't you talk about the pricing in what we -- the strategy we've been doing this year and I'll have Eric kind of chime in on where we're seeing some inflationary challenges.
Jeff Feeler: Well, like I said what we did already was in the mid-west, we've looked at some select waste streams and particularly known it has solidification, where there seemed to be opportunities. And we're just that much more than 3% to 5%. In West Coast, we're able to look at our customer base and do some things across the board in the West, that maybe we're not able to do in the Gulf. Right now, we're seeing the Gulf recovered, which was not at all in the first quarter, we're struggling a bit in the beginning. And then, we had to freeze. So we maybe looking to see if there's opportunities there in the future. But it's a case by case review. And we're just trying to see how things evolve as the roads get doing back to normal here.
Jeff Feeler: We still have a combination of both. We have some multi-year projects that are continuing this year, that we have a multi-year project that we had done work in prior years that was off a bit last year is kicking back in in the next three weeks. And then, we have another new long-term project that will be kicking off in the third quarter. So I would -- I don't think anything is really different in terms of that, it's a mix of all the above.
Jeff Feeler: Well, I just want to thank you for your interest today and looking forward to updating you in future conferences here in the second quarter.
Simon Bell: So this is Simon. It is a challenge as Jeff says. What we're doing is we're certainly launching programs that kind of provide retention. We're launching programs to kind of pay for schooling and encourage our employees to get their CDLs, really creating committees to better understand what is important to the driving community and what we can do to support them. As you mentioned, we do have both long haul and short haul. But certainly we think we can differentiate ourselves in some of the short-haul and really just listening to their drivers needs. And so, as Jeff said, it's something we are fiercely focused on, but, and we will be for a while I suspect.
Simon Bell: Tyler, this is Simon. We are certainly planning and moving forward with our landfill construction this year. So we're going to make sure we have capacity for whatever the demand is. And we're also continuing with some refurbishment of equipment. And certainly, we're planning for a recovery and we're spending our capital accordingly.
Simon Bell: Tyson, this is Simon. There was long term, yes. I think there will be some certainly you think fast, but I'll say it's a, that's a generally fairly slow process in terms of changing the regulations. But certainly, I would expect this administration to be more aggressive on that front. But I certainly can't point to specific things in the near term.
