Don Slager: Thanks, Jim.  Let me start by commenting on the success of the merger to date.  We exited the first quarter with annual run rate synergies of $180 million.  This includes $150 million from operating and SG&A savings and $30 million from debt refinancing.  We continue to outperform against our original goal of $150 million in annual run rate synergies. Throughout the integration process, additional opportunities have been identified which create value for our shareholders.  The senior management team recently developed plans for these post-integration business initiatives which fall into two broad categories.  First, profitable growth and second, operational effectiveness.  The opportunities in profitable growth include enhancements to our pricing systems and tools, our sales support systems and sales reporting, customer service and call centers, and national accounts management capability. The opportunities within operational effectiveness includes benefits from disposal optimization, repair and maintenance systems and processes, data dashboards and decision support tools for our field managers, and ePro which is our electronic procurement system. We are investing $8 million this year in these initiatives.  We expect to realize and additional $40 million to $60 million in annual run rate earnings from these efforts by 2013. We recently had our first corporate wide management conference that included 500 leaders from throughout the organization. We used this meeting to discuss and to reinforce five priorities for 2010 which include: First, safety.  Our number one priority is to offer a safe, respectful, and rewarding workplace for our employees.  We have continued our strong performance regarding claim frequency in 2010 and have started to see this multi year improvement reflected in our self insurance reserves. Second, customer experience.  All of our marketing and service efforts have a single focus:  putting the customer first.  We will continue to improve our service quality and service offerings to be sure we are exceeding our customers’ expectations. Third, targeted profitable growth.  We are using our return on investment models to analyze our marketplaces in order to get the full value of our national business platform, including our disposal network.  We continue to maintain our pricing discipline as we grow our business.  As a result, we will have significant operating leverage as the economy recovers. Fourth, integration and synergy capture.  Our ability to integrate our business platform and extract significant cost savings has exceeded our expectations by approximately 25%.  We will complete the final phase of the integration this fall. Fifth is something we call durability.  We are utilizing innovative management tools and practices in our field operations to achieve and maintain a high performance level. We have made extra effort during the integration process to validate that our training programs and support systems stand up to our high standards over time. Our [key one] margin performance validates that our cost savings have been sustained. As we demonstrate continued success around these five priorities, we will create higher returns on capital and improved free cash flow performance.  As Jim mentioned, Republic achieved a record EBITDA margin of 31.7% in the quarter. Finally, we are beginning to see improved volume in our cyclical revenue streams.  We are seeing the improvement across the country and from different industries, particularly in permanent industrial and landfill volumes.  Some examples of this increase in business activity are the following: Petro chemical facilities along the Texas coast, automotive industry and RV manufacturers in the Midwest, steel manufacturers in the east and Midwest, and special waste projects in the west. The business activity is encouraging and we’ll have a clearer picture for you during our mid-year guidance.  I’d like to thank our entire field area and region management teams for their commitment to our success.  We’ve had a great quarter. I will now turn the call over to Tod for a recap of the first quarter financial performance.
Don Slager: As I said in my comments, we’re seeing an uptick in the west regions specifically with special waste, which is a good sign. That’s always been a big producer of special waste for our business.  So seeing the special waste come back as Tod said, seeing growth in that segment for the first time since ’08 is a good thing. On the manufacturing side, we’re seeing in the Midwest, specifically Detroit and Indiana, also in the Mid-Atlantic states, so we’re seeing it kind of come back in the way that it left so it’s a good sign.  We’ve seen a little bit of seasonality but we’re also seeing some real what I would almost call a structural change in some of the manufacturing going from adding second shifts and producing additional loads.  It’s a good sign and we know in the manufacturing business that shows up pretty quickly in our waste volume so we’re happy to see it.
Don Slager: [Severstall] Steel in Western Pennsylvania.  [Midall] Steel  in the skyline area, the refining companies in particular in Texas and predominantly Houston.  We see the RV and automotive industry, particularly companies like Gulfstream, Keystone RV.  We see – in the New England states, we see some additional weekend shifting at 3M in New England with their touch-screen manufacturing, and we’ve seen a number of other businesses in the Midwest. So as Don said, I mean, we’ve got some real I think anecdotal evidence that we’re starting to see some improvement in the economy and in particular, we’re starting to see it in our industrial collection permanent business and volumes that emanate from our third-party competitors probably at our landfill see the same sorts of increased organic growth.
Don Slager: And Scott, we saw it kind of come in late in the quarter, and at March, mid-March and beyond, and then we’ve seen it continue into April.  So that bodes well for the future hopefully.
Don Slager: Yeah.  You know, I guess, again, when we look at the pre-cash flow and the distribution of the cash flow, I mean, I think we probably look to stay in the range of 40% to dividend, in that range, and the balance then, you know, a little bit for continued debt repurchase, and then the balance of the pre-cash flow would have a bias to shareholders because we still believe that there’s a tremendous value capture there and I think you’ll see us move in that direction, the board move in that direction in our third-quarter call.
Don Slager: We’re not going to comment on waste management’s environmental fee, and again, I think what – you know, in our business, we continue to review all of our costs and fee structures regularly.  So when we deem it appropriate to modify those fees and or adjust our pricing for changes in the cost structure of our business, we’ll do so.  So again, we continue to review those and at this particular point in time we’re very pleased with the recovery fees that we have in place and the pricing that we’ve got in the marketplace.
Don Slager: Well, I think we built that into our guidance.  If we looked at the 2010 guidance for price, we figured that the index-based pricing would be about 1.5%.  I think where the index is now, it’s probably a little bit higher than that.  It’s probably about a little over 2%, maybe 2.3%.  So yeah, it’s going to depend on the contract and we’ve got some contracts that reset in July, some contracts that reset in September, and you know, some of them are resetting off of either current price or it’s resetting off of December 31st ’09 price, you know.  So while I think that if it’s a December ’09 reset, it’s going to be a little bit lower, but as we get later in the year, we should start to see a little bit more benefit in the resetting of those prices.
Don Slager: Well, you know, we’ve got some of our commodities hedged, and I’ll let Ed talk to the hedge, but as the contracts have come up with Mills, we’ve continued to renegotiate those contracts and tried to improve the floor positions that we had in those contracts.  So we have effectively I think either hedged or through Mill contracts got a portion of our commodities price-protected.  And again, as the market continues to stay strong and those contracts come up, we’re going to try to obviously renegotiate those contracts with our core pricing.  So I don’t know if you want any –
Don Slager: And you asked the question, Jonathan, about the impact, you know, on the profitability.  And I think if we were – I mentioned it earlier.  If we look at the net commodity impact year over year, it’s about a positive 80-based points.  And if you want to look at kind of the sensitivity, you know, from an earnings standpoint, our murfs do probably about a million six in terms of tons per year, and you know, $10 of commodity price increase is probably worth about a penny and a half in earnings per year to the company.
Don Slager: Hamzah, this is Don.  We’ve not seen service increases yet on our commercial business.  When we talk about service increases or decreases, we’re typically talking the commercial small container business.  So again, we’re not seeing any really movement yet in the construction part of the business.  What we’re seeing is kind of what you’d expect, again as I said before, manufacturing increase in volumes kind of converts pretty quickly, or volume numbers, if construction starts to kick up at some point, there is a pretty big lag in that. But service increases and decreases in the commercial system really tend to lag the economic changes.  So, you know, when we first saw the economy start to hurt, we saw service increases start to slow, and then we saw service decreases start to rise, and service increases stop altogether, so now we’ve seen service decreases really start to flatten out and stop.  We don’t really have any net change in that, but we are seeing – we have not yet seen the service increases return.  A little complicated maybe, but we’re waiting for it and we’re looking for it, and if the manufacturing continues to stay up, and some of these other segments start to come back, we should in due time see those increases come back to the commercial system.  So we’re looking for it as well as you are.
Don Slager: I think what we said publicly before is that, you know, we have some asset leverage.  We’ve taken a number of trucks and put them in the standby line, so we do have about approximately 300 across all lines of business that we could put back in service.  In fact, actually, in Texas we put some of those back in service already.  So I mean, we’ve got asset leverage, and then I think when we look at leveraging the business for growth, you know, we’re looking at about a percent of organic growth we believe that would come in at relatively higher margins than normal organic growth, again, stressing the structure that we’ve got on the way up.  We think those EBITDA margins could be, on that incremental 1% of organic growth, 40 to 45%.
Don Slager: Well, I mean, I think – with the growth in the industrial revenue that we’re starting to experience, you know, and we haven’t seen any changes, Don mentioned, in our commercial small container business.
Don Slager: No.  I was going to say, Al, you’re on the right track, because we’re expecting our people to get operating leverage as the volume returns.  If you look at our collection for Activity Metrics, we’ve improved in a couple lines of business and held flat even though we’ve lost volume.  So we’ve gotten better at this over the last couple of years as the economy has come out from under us.  So we fully expected operating leverage as well.  The tale will be in the tape, I guess.
Don Slager: I would say it’s about the same as it’s been.  You know, we don’t see anybody really radically changing any of their marketing behavior or strategy, so to speak, on the front of pricing.  There’s always some example somewhere in some market where, you know, will somebody think, you know, somebody had bad facts or got a little crazy with a bid, but you know, we don’t see anything that’s alarming.  As you would imagine, the longer the downturn lasts, the sort of the trickier people’s trigger finger gets, you know, when you think about volume.  But I think we’ve gone through a very long downturn and help up pretty well.  If pricing was going to be a problem, it would have been a problem by now.  And again, the biggest function of the 2.2 reporting is that CPI factor.  As that comes back, I think we’ll be in pretty good shape.  But we’re holding our own and it’s pretty much the same as it’s always been.
Don Slager: Yeah, I think – well, we just raised it from 185 to $190, so I think we’re going to stick with that number.  This year, as I said, we’re going to spend about $8 million in getting these new initiatives off the ground.  While we’re still completing the integration of the base merger.  So we’ve got a few system things to finish.  We’ll get these new things off the ground and we’ll start to roll.  We might see a little benefit in the last half of the year, but we’re going to stick with that 185, 190.
Don Slager: When we look at churn, when we look at the customer retention, all those kinds of metrics we track, were very stable this quarter versus the past 3 or 4 quarters so again, nothing there to report.
Don Slager: There is some operational.  I’d say the lion’s share of it is, I think we moved it up by $30 million.  I think $20 million to $25 million of that was financing.  But while we have other opportunities, I think by the time we get to the end of this year we’ll be pretty much at that run rate.  I wouldn’t expect to see that number move up dramatically going forward.  It might inch up a little bit.
Don Slager: I think it’s going to stay I that ’11 + range.  I don’t see that moving all that much.  Now it has been very successful with this refinancing, we’ll see a portion of that non-cash interest expense drop away, but there’s still some long dated debt out there, particularly some of the old BFI debt with some favorable rates that’s going to stay with us.  So when you look at the cash earnings versus the book earnings, the cash earnings will be stronger on a longer term basis for those two factors.
Don Slager: Tax rate, obviously we had the anomaly in the first quarter.  As we go through the year, I think excluding the bond refinancing tax impact, we’re probably looking at something in the range of about 41.5%.  Maybe a little bit better than our initial guidance.  It just depends.  We closed out some of the old Republic tax years and there was a little bit of benefit there from the ’05 to ’07 tax years for Republic, so that gave us a little bit of a tailwind.  Other than that, I’d say we’re pretty much right on that 42% or just under 42% tax rate.
Don Slager: On the roll off collection side, we measure that productivity in minutes per pull and we’ve been able to pretty much hold that productivity so when the pulls go up, we’re going to take some of these old trucks, we’re going to have to put a little more overtime and at some point add drivers and add routes, so there’s almost a linear relationship on that side of the business for the roll off collection for temporary roll off. On the landfill side, it’s very fixed, and that’s where you get a lot more cash leverage.
Don Slager: We’re showing the operating side, we’ve converted last year over 200 of our routes to single operator routes, fully automated.  Another 200+ this year will be over 50% of our residential system being fully automated, and we’ve got a view to, over the next 5 to 7 years, kind of carrying that through.  So we’ve got a continued focus on improving the productivity on that part of the business. We’ve been very successful. There’s only so much you can do at a time because again change is hard for people.  Again, not only our people but the customers as well.  We’re very focused on that productivity and as I said before, we fully expect our people to get operating leverage as the volume comes back.  We’re well poised to do that.
Don Slager: Special waste as we said was up for the first time since the fall of ’08.  Really a bright spot. We had primarily a lot of that in the west which we’ve got a number of really large landfills out there that do a lot of special waste business, that’s a good sign.  How does it trend?  We frankly usually aren’t talking about seasonality at this point.  Seasonality is typically more of a Q2 type of thing.  In a lot of the country that sees winter weather, we don’t usually start to see that seasonality start to break until April and May. So we’ll be talking more about --
Don Slager: MSW is like, of our total revenue streams for landfill, we’re looking at MSW to be about 49%.  Of that 49%, about 65% of it is indexed priced and 35% would be open market priced.  The pricing would range anywhere from open market 3% to 4%.  Index is obviously right around that 1+ range.  C&D represents about 10%.  Special waste represents about 41%.
Don Slager: Again, we haven’t seen any further decline there.  it’s still relatively soft in the commercial development market, but again, all you have to do is look at how much our industrial collection is.  It’s not going to last two years and that kind of trickles right into the disposal side of the business.  We’re experiencing what the market is experiencing.  That’s been down I think 18% to 20% in the last couple quarters.  So certainly at the end of the day… That’s the more cyclical part, that’s the part that’s going to lag.  We may not see a recovery there until the latter part of 2011, maybe even into 2012.
Don Slager: The one thing with special being up a little bit more than we otherwise had maybe suspected, let’s put a little downward pressure overall in just our overall reported price.  So even if some of that special waste is coming in again a little lower than our total waste average.
Don Slager: I think that we got maybe one or two days.  Each day is worth about $25 million, $24 million, so there might be $25 million to $50 million of working capital there.  I think for us it’s a question of getting through the economic cycle. Frankly I’ve been pleased with our receivable performance given the economy and also our bad debt performance given the economy that we’re in and all of the focus on system conversions that our people have had, has probably caused a little bit of a slow down there in our collections.  But I think 38, 39 days is realistic.  I applaud our collections people and the financial organization for doing a great job here.
Don Slager: I think it’s probably…  did you tell me when the economy recovers, maybe next year?   Early next year, maybe later this year?  If it’s recovering now, it’ll probably get better every day.
Ed Lang: Thanks, Tod.  Let’s talk about liability management.  During the first quarter we issued $850 million of 10 year debt at a 5% coupon and $650 million of 30 year debt at 6.2%.  With the financing proceeds of $1.5 billion, we called $1.025 of existing notes with an average interest rate of 6.8% that matures in 2014 and 2015.  We repaid a $300 million account with [Seawoof] Financing and we also repaid some of our existing bank debt. The positive impact from this refinancing was included in the high end of our 2010 earnings guidance provided in February.  Our 2010 interest expense guidance was $500 million to $515 million.  We are now at the lower end of this range.  We continue to look at additional debt refinancing opportunities which may further reduce interest expense. Now I’ll discuss free cash flow.  In the first quarter adjusted free cash was $245 million which consisted of 1) cash provided by operating activities of $299 million less property and equipment received of $128 million plus proceeds from the sale of property of $6 million plus merger related expenditures net of tax of $8 million plus legacy tax settlement related to BFI of $60 million.  This equals adjusted free cash of $254 million. We define adjusted free cash flow based on capital expenditures received during the period.  We have included a reconciliation of the timing difference between capital expenditures received versus paid in our 8-K filing.  We remain comfortable with our adjusted cash flow guidance of $700 million to $725 million for the full year. Now I’ll discuss our balance sheet.  At March 31, our accounts receivable balance was $851 million and our days sales outstanding was 40 days or 24 days net of deferred revenue.  Reported debt was approximately $7.1 billion at March 31.  During the quarter the principal amount of debt remained essentially flat while the reported amount of debt increased approximately $100 million due to the writeoff of debt discounts. Excess credit availability under our bank facility is approximately $900 million.  Now I’ll turn the call back to Jim.
Ed Lang: And I might mention, the 185 to 190 has about $30 million of interest savings, you know, taking this new debt to an investment rate credit spread.  So when you look at the impact on the operating margins, we’re talking about 155 to 160 million.  Run rate by the time we get done with that is going to be, you know, maybe 180 basis points run rate by the time we get done with that is going to be maybe 100 basis points or so, so keep those two components in mind when we talk about synergies and margins. I think it’s also important to recognize that we will start to be getting some incremental benefit from these strategic initiatives that Don talked to in his comments in 2011.  We’ll get more in 2012, and we’ll get the balance and the run rate in 2013.  So again, I think there’s a lot more value attraction from the cost side of the business.  Again, it’s a function of how much the field organization can absorb and how many initiatives they can effectively manage, and produce value for our shareholders. So again, when you really look at it, I think all along we said there was more than $150 million when I was saying $185 million to $190 million and we’ve now identified another $40 million to $60 million that we’ll start to extract over the next 2.5 years.
Ed Lang: I don’t have the dollar amount, I don’t know what it might be.  It might have been at the peak we start a temporary roll off and landfill might have been 12% to 15% of revenue and we’re now down to maybe 6% plus disposal, 7% or 8%, so that was cut in half.  So we probably lost around 8% of our revenue and it just depends on the mix.  If it’s roll off collection business, it’s kind of the average collection margin which on an incremental basis might be 30%, 35%.  If it’s landfill, on an EBITDA basis, that incremental volume might be 50%.  It’s going to depend a little bit on the mix of those two components, and that’s why we end up really talking to that 40% to 45% blended rate.
Ed Lang: Keep in mind that one of the reasons we’ve been able to manage the margins so well in the downturn is we parked trucks as Jim said so rather than taking our drivers that work an average of 55 hours and getting them down to 40 hours, we kept them working the mid 50 hours a week and parked the trucks. That’s one of the reasons our costs have been in line throughout this process.  So we think as Jim said, we’ve got some capacity on our current fleet even before we have to add trucks back and then we’ve got those 300 trucks sitting that we parked that we can put back into motion so we don’t have to buy those trucks again.  The containers are in the yard.  So we’ve got some upside there.
Ed Lang: The small container business and the landfill business [inaudible].  That’s where you’ll see the best leverage.
Ed Lang: I’d like to thank everyone for their questions today and operator, thank you.  In summary, I’m very pleased with our first quarter results.  We continue to focus on all the appropriate things, achieving appropriate returns on capital through pricing discipline, maintaining labor productivities through disposal optimization, continuing to meet and exceed expectations for realizing merger synergies, reinventing our people and our business platform to ensure high quality customer service and a safe work environment. Finally, continuing to reduce our debt and improving our credit profile.  Again, we will maintain our disciplined cash utilization strategy and we’ll have more news on that to come in our third quarter call. I would like to thank our field organization as well as Don for their extraordinary efforts through the integration process and an excellent financial performance this quarter. I’d like to remind everyone that a recording of this call is available through May 6 by calling 203-369-3221.  Additionally, I want to point out that our SEC filings and our discussion of business activities along with a recording of this call are available on republic’s website at RepublicServices.com. Again, thank you for spending time with us today.  Have a good evening.
Tod Holmes: Well, those were sharing component with our customers on the upside, so as revenues go up in those commodities, we share that with our customers as well.  So we don’t keep it all.
Tod Holmes: Right.  I think just generally, Bill, our quarterly filings we have a full disclosure of the existing OCC and ONP hedges we have in place, primarily for this year and next year, with a little bit into ’12.  But if you look at it in terms of percentages as far as floor contracts and financial hedges, approximately 60% of our volumes have some type of protection, either the floor contract or financial hedge.
Tod Holmes: Yes.  I might also mention that our volume guidance was based on what we saw in December of ’04, I think, as a company.  You know, as Don was talking about the industrial and the special waste, you know, we think that what we’re seeing here is a little bit stronger than maybe our initial guidance from the fourth quarter economic conditions.  So bit of a positive, but I’d say stay tuned.  We’ll have a bunch of better clarity in July.
Tod Holmes: Keep in mind, as I mentioned in my comments, I use the word durability.  We’ve got 1000 dots on the map across this company and the kind of business change and processes we’re installing speak a great deal… we’re looking for real change that’s permanent and so we’re working real hard on the front of these plans with good project management, with good training tools. We’re going to roll them out slow enough for the organization to absorb them as Jim said. We’re focused on that, so the change is real change and it’s lasting value for the shareholder.
Tod Holmes: I think as Don said, our defection rates and our churn is pretty much similar to what it’s been in prior quarters so again which would give rise to I think some of Don’s comments on the stability of the marketplace there.
Tod Holmes: When we say that $30 million of the $185 million is financing synergy, there was a portion of financing synergy [inaudible]’10 so again there is a good portion of upside there in the operational part of the business.
Tod Holmes: That kind of goes back to I think the original interest expense guidance that we gave back in February where we said $500 million to $515 million of interest expense and because of the successful refinancing, we’re probably down closer to $500 million which allows us to get up to the middle or upper end of our range in EPS.  It was put into that EPS range.
Tod Holmes: Those are all things related to economic growth and how we’re going to manage that economic growth.  I think the other thing I’d like Don to comment on is some of the operating savings that we anticipate with some of the fleet change to automated collection.  Again, there’s a big focus on part of [inaudible] field organization to automate the fleet/
Tod Holmes: I think if you look at the first half of ’09, our total landfill volumes were down in the mid teens, maybe 14%, 15%, 16%, and now it’s down around half of that, around 8%.  So what we’ve got is really this negative C&D that is anniversarying out, and once that anniversary is out which would probably be second quarter or third quarter, sometime in the third quarter, then we would expect our landfill volumes to go positive and it’s going to be going positive maybe a little bit on MSW but certainly this industrial activity that Don spoke to.  Pretty good margin leverage off of that.
Tod Holmes: That’s a good point.  It’s definitely a mixed issue.  It’s not a competitive issue.  If we’re bringing in volumes in a market that’s $20 a ton versus $40 a ton, it’s just mix.
