Jon Vander Ark: Thanks, Brian. Before we open up a call, let me provide a little more color on our recent announcement. With the addition of US Ecology’s national footprint of vertically integrated assets, leading disposal infrastructure and comprehensive capabilities, we are better positioned to serve our customers with one of the most complete sets of products and services. This strategic acquisition provides a platform for additional organic and acquisitive growth, with cross selling opportunities for existing customers who want a single partner to manage their environmental service’s needs. We expect this acquisition to be immediately accretive to adjusted earnings and free cash flow and to create significant value with double digit returns for our shareholders. We are excited to welcome Us Ecology’s talented employees to the Republic team and expect the deal to close by the end of the second quarter of this year. Expanding our environmental solutions business is a strategic priority. And this acquisition is a key addition. That said the investments we are making are not limiting growth or reducing focus in the traditional recycling and solid waste businesses. This is not an either or but both and approach. We plan to make outsize investments in both businesses to accelerate growth and create lasting value. We remain disciplined allocators of capital and will only make investments in organic growth opportunities and M&A that increases intrinsic value and improves returns. With that operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, certainly, you'll see some momentum in the first couple of quarters. And I think you'll see that momentum accelerate in the second half of the year, a lot of those customers are attached to CPI or something a derivative CPI. And like our collections business, there's 12 to 18 month lag, so that elevated print from the last year will then start to flow through, and you'll see really nice economics on the yield side, especially in Q3 and Q4.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, the same thing, which is the portion of our book that's attached to CPI or something related to that, you will get more momentum in the second half. So I think you'll see really good pricing numbers here in Q1 and Q2. And then you'll see that start to accelerate in Q3 and Q4, the open market side will end up being more ratable, with the caveat that we're living in a very dynamic world, right, and we see inflationary costs inflationary pressure, right, the core thesis of this business is that we are going to price ahead of our cost, right? We did a great job of that last year as costs start to accelerate in pockets. And we'll do the same thing this year. Nothing broad based, right. We look at every market uniquely and dynamically and make sure that our people are getting paid. And then again, we're pricing ahead of our costs.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, let me kind of talk about the incentive compensation piece first and then we can talk about the Committed to Serve award. So clearly, from an incentive compensation perspective, we put a plan together that assumes target, right. And as you've seen all year long, we've outperformed. And with that came additional incentive compensation accruals which will be expensed or were expensed in ‘21, the cash for that will be paid in ‘22, which is one of the reasons when you take a look at our free cash flow, the growth on a more normalized basis is actually even in excess of what we're presenting, because we've got to absorb that extra cash payment in the first quarter. On the Committed to Serve again, that was a discretionary item, right, that we decided to do, certainly in recognition for the hard work that our frontline employees did during the pandemic. But we are not planning on making any of those additional or incremental awards of going forward.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, Jerry, you're on the right path there. I would say in 2022, we're expecting normal seasonality with respect to both the revenue as well as the EBITDA margin, I think when you look at the last two years, right, so ‘20, and ‘21, you had anything but normal, right? So you really have to go back and look at that seasonal cadence prior to that, which again, when you think about a seasonally we tend to see our highest revenue margin performance in the third and second quarters, Q4 thereafter. And then usually Q4 is a little bit the lightest for the year, really, for two reasons, you've got the winter months. So you're not seeing that uptick in particular landfill volumes, as well as you've got the highest percentage of taxes in the first quarter. Payroll taxes, right, yes.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, no, that double digit return is based on the current pro forma, which again, is on the $40 million of cost synergies, which don't include any of the revenue synergies including cross-sell, or bolt-on acquisitions, which we have a number in the pipeline down the road, so that would all those things will be opportunities to accelerate, get to double digit more quickly and then accelerate the overall returns to even higher level.
Jon Vander Ark: No, listen, we're -- this deal, right, is a very unique set of assets, right? And gives us a really attractive position, right? And we don't think there's deal of a size or scale right out there in the future, and we're certainly going to take this, should we be able to close it and integrate it, get our people connected the systems, right, make sure that we're executing above the pro forma, right. And then along the way, of course, there's other deals that can fold into this, while we're aggressively growing, right, the solid waste and recycling business. So we don't have any defined target of what percentage of the business this is. But the bulk of this business, just arithmetically is going to be our traditional recycling and solid waste business. And we're going to continue to kind of grow both sides of that as we move forward.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes and I think Tyler the other thing we do just the $40 million is exclusively cost synergies, there are no revenue synergies baked into the plan.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, so Mike, let me kind of put it to you this way here. And I mentioned that we've got the additional cash incentive compensation that we're paying in ‘22. That's related to ‘21 performance. It's about $40 million of extra cash, which impacts free cash flow conversion by 100 basis points. So we think we're going to be able to from overall perspective, get to that 45% plus even absorbing that $40 million extra that extra 100 basis points of free cash flow conversion.
Jon Vander Ark: Well, remember we talked about in the current year, right? So again, if you take a look at our original guide, and then what we ultimately spent at the midpoint of that we were kind of $90 million more of CapEx. So we had the ability one to fund additional growth. So again, let's take a look at our volume performance. So from an organic perspective, we had additional growth opportunities, as well as pulled forward some capital that was originally going to be spent in ‘22. So that's why it's relatively flat in ‘22, is because some of that spending actually happened in ‘21.
Jon Vander Ark: Well, I probably have to do a little math offline, Michael to confirm or deny your thesis. But I think broadly speaking, you're in the right zone, which is people get very caught up in the margin. And listen, we understand the margin as a way to measure the business. And we don't run away from that, we own that. And we've done a great job of expanding margins the last couple years, right, kind of creeping up on 300 basis points as we get into next year, right. But we don't run the business for the core, we don't run it for any single metric, we run it for the long term and intrinsic value. So that's where cash on cash returns. And that's where value creation comes in. And so business that might have a slightly different optics, which is structurally a little less, lower margin. And then but less capital intensity, that free cash flow conversion is a better metric that serves to harmonize those two things, and get much closer to returns or a view toward returns. And, look, we think there's margin opportunity in this business, right? We think that we're going to continue to look for efficiencies, and we're going to think about make sure that we take our mindset around revenue management and our skills and capabilities and our belief that we have to price out of our cost, right and be expanding margins that allows us to reinvest in the business, right and take care of our customers over time.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, I talked about the $40 million that we have right in front of us. And then of course, as we go, and we'll look for opportunities, now, we're acquiring not just assets we are acquiring deep expertise, right in the hazardous waste value chain, and around compliance and operations and commercial capabilities. And so we're very, very mindful of that. And the last thing I want to do is step over a $20 bill to grab a nickel. So we're not going to be very short term focus, we're going to think about long term. And as we find more and learn more, right, we'll certainly report out on that. On the revenue side, but we haven't put anything into the pro forma, right, we see opportunities across multiple fronts. And strategically, the reason that we're into this business is because of the connectivity of solid waste, and recycling customers that have asked us to go here, they want a one stop shop, they want somebody who we now think we will have the leading set of products and services in the environmental services space to serve our customers. So the cross-sell opportunities become immediate, and we've seen that with ACV and any other previous acquisition that we've done in this space. We talked about the following acquisitions and that being a real opportunity. We think there are really interesting capital investment opportunities on the post collection side of that business that allow us to compete more broadly right across incineration some other parts of the value chain we're excited about. And then plus we will bring our skill and capability of revenue management to the table understanding that there is no work for free. So we'll look at every individual job that we do and make sure there's sufficient returns on that over time again, that becomes important to allow us to pay our people and to reinvest in the business. And we haven't quantified any of those yet, right, because we're thinking concentrate, and hopefully closing this transaction and integrating our colleagues. But we think there's a lot of upside over time.
Jon Vander Ark: Well, I think the great news is that we're not capital constrained, right? So that we don't to have $1 and choose where to put it. We look strategically, where's the fit? And does it meet our discipline returns criteria. And then if it's both we invest in both over time, I think this space looks very similar to what's always in recycling look like a decade or more ago where there's a lot of fragmentation. And we've already seen this rolling in smaller players, right provides a ton of synergy. And we've got a pipeline that we see some sometimes building on a regional footprint, sometimes it's adding even further adding your product and service offering that will be great fits. And our pipeline and acquisitions is robust on both fronts.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, so Sean, remember one of the things you have to remember when we disclose average yield, we're using total revenue as the denominators, when you take a look about where we price and you look in that solid waste business, if you did an unrelated business, it would actually be 70 basis points higher than our 2021 performance and about 20 to 30 basis points higher than on total revenues. So that's the way you have to put it into context. So the 3.4%, you got to make 3.6% or 3.7% call it based on related revenues. And you look at that pricing in excess of cost inflation that would imply closer to a 3%, inflation, cost inflation.
Jon Vander Ark: Kind of wage and benefit number, there's probably slightly higher, keep in mind, we're not talking a lot about it, but we're still getting a lot of productivity benefits to RISE. And that's one of the great stories through the pandemic is it's allowed us to pay keep paying our people as their bills go up, while managing the cost structure because we're just getting more efficient at the work.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, look, I think there's been some elevated capital with respect to building out right, some landfill. So through the cycle, we would expect the capex to run circa 9% of revenue or so on that business. And again, it's going to be less than that in that 4% to 5% range on the field services piece and a little bit more on that Waste Solutions piece. But on average call about 9%.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes. So I think versus your previous thesis, I think, when you start with this sounds like an interesting bundle, let me try to go sell it right, that may or may not work, right, we start with asking the customer, what they want, what they need, and how they want to buy, and have worked our way back into this. So it's true, certainly for our broad set of industrial customers, right, who produce an ongoing recurring set of waste streams. And this really has accelerated over the last decade, they want fewer people into their plants. And second, they're like taking a very hard look at the sustainability footprint of their supply base, right, that's a big part of their sustainability story. And so people who have the ratings we have who have the record, we have become really meaningful for them. And keep in mind, we're still a very, very small percentage of their overall cost structure. So the idea that they'd be willing to pay a little bit more for somebody who can handle their needs compliantly and provide the speed they need, right? That's the value proposition. And that's what we've seen proven out with the ACB transaction immediately, right. And we think we'll get that to just at a much bigger scale with a US Ecology transaction. It also applies to some event type work. I think about the infrastructure bill and brownfield sites remediation, the same thing, you have a contractor there, but who's really unwatched to understand speed, and a single provider that can handle all the different waste streams becomes a really big strategic advantage.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, sure. So I mean, it starts with their historic bid, this was a really in the post collection, hazardous landfill site, they have TFTs intended bands and other things around that. But those five sites, right, give them about a 36% market share position, right in hazardous post collection, right? That's when the strength of their business really, really strong. And we're excited about that. They bought a company called NRC, which has largely field services, which the thesis of which is getting close to the customer, we believe and agree with that thesis, right. And we've seen that and prove that out that that works. Right. We were there with the ACD deal. And we see that in our Gulf Coast region as well over time, that NRC transaction brought with it a couple of other types of businesses, they've got a little bit business in Europe, and they've got some things, marine standby business focuses on oil spill recovery, right? Those are things that we'll go in and quickly take a look at and evaluate and understand, hey, what is the -- what's the fit with the rest of the business? Is it connected from a customer standpoint, from an asset sharing standpoint, I take a very fair view of this something we think we can build and grow will be excited about it. Or if this is something that might be a little more standalone and not very scalable, and somebody else might be the more natural owner of that will of course evaluate that as well.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, I know the thesis and it's true in some industries, where hey, the more you put together, the more you bundle, the more price pressure you could be under. And we see this in our business today, actually, that the more products a customer and services a customer buy the average price per product or service goes up, not down, right. And keep in mind waste and recycling broadly, are a very, very, very small portion of a customer's cost structure. If you run a manufacturing facility, you think first about all of your direct costs could be steel, or copper, anything else, and then you think about your labor, and then you think about your SGA costs of IT and everything else. Waste and Recycling, right? We're talking about basis points, right on someone's overall cost structure. So a small price premium on a very small number is still a very, very small number. So for them, it's around compliance, right? Think about producer liability, right? When they produce a waste stream, especially more complex and complicated ones, they have the liability of that forever. So having somebody who's going to handle that in a sustainable and appropriate manner is of enormous value to them, the speed right of being able to get things out of their facility, and keep the container empty, because a full container can sometimes shut down the manufacturing process. So there's enormous value created by speed, ease of service, right, digital interface, and billing. And those are all pieces that we start to put together for people. So that's the value proposition for customers.
Jon Vander Ark: Well, we look at that all the time, right, we understand and we're very sophisticated pricing, both pricing new customers, as well as pricing existing customers. And the latter becomes more important for us, obviously, because we have such a long customer tenure, right? That's what that high customer retention drives are underneath that is long customer tenure. And so we have all kinds of experiences with customers around test and learn, right, we take A and B sampling, in terms of understanding a price that customers are willing to pay, and then at what price does that start to drive churn, right and start to drive defection. And there's an incredible amount of science underneath that process that's been developed over the last two decades. So it's really not the top down number we look at. And if we go 92, we change pricing across the board or the opposite direction, right? It's much more surgical almost at a customer by customer level, right. And that's what produces the pricing number while driving great volume growth.
Jon Vander Ark: Yes, sure. So on plastics, listen, the world has a single use plastics problem, right? And you don't have to read too many websites or magazines or watching the television shows to figure that out. Now, it's very different nature of those firms are very different across geography. But in the US, the problem is right circularity right, we produce single use water bottles or anything else. And we don't capture enough of those. And that plastic ultimately gets lost or gets downgraded, right. And there's huge pressure on the CPG companies to drive more reusable product. And rather than just using virgin plastic, and the constraint, and all this is aggregation, and supply. And so we are uniquely positioned in the value chain, because we have that material. Today, that value chain isn't very well constructed. So you have products that moves very inefficiently, we sell that product for a relatively low value for what it's ultimately worth, when it returns into the hands of the CPG companies. So a lot of dialogue, a lot of discussion going on across every stage of the value chain, right. But we think where we've got an opportunity to take a next step, and move forward with some pretty simple processing, that is going to allow us to capture a higher selling price, and take more volatility right out of those sales through longer term contracting. I'm not going to get any more detail right now than that. But stay tuned here, because I think in the next few months, you're going to hear far more color on that topic And then on Us Ecology, listen, we have a really robust and capable business development team, both out and geographically dispersed, as well as here in Phoenix that maintains a perspective on every company big and small, and builds a pipeline. So we've been working on this for years on the environmental solution side of the business. And have we're very disciplined buyers, very patient, but we've had discussions right with dozens of companies. So this isn't talking to Us Ecology and saying what's in your pipeline, of course, we'll do that. But we have our own robust pipeline, right that we know will fit in well, right to the US Ecology platform, right post closing. At this time, there appears to be no further questions. Mr. Vander Ark, I'll now turn back over to you for closing remarks.
Jon Vander Ark: Thank you, Sara. In closing the strength of our 2021 performance demonstrates the power of our platform, and the value our strategic investments are creating. We exceeded our upwardly revised financial goals by delivering double digit growth in revenue, EBITDA, EPS, and free cash flow. We continue to manage the business well to create long-term value for all stakeholders and expect continued profitable growth in 2022. I would like to thank all our employees for their continued hard work and commitment to our customers. Results like these are made possible by our team of dedicated employees. Have a good evening and be safe.
Noah Kaye: Thanks so much. I'm sure there'll be a bunch of questions about US Ecology. But I'd like to focus on the core business for now. And starting with pricing. Notice the yield was really strong, especially at a full year basis. But that core price you called out at an all-time high with noting, the yield was very strong in collection. Just what's your view on post collection pricing and yield going into 2022? Do we start to see that a nudge up as well? Because certainly there's rising operating expenses there just like there is everywhere else.
Noah Kaye: Yes. And one more to sneak in. And Brian, you call this out. But I want to go back to because I think it's important, just around the margins and the impact from the hire incentive comp and the bonuses, I think, you said it was 130 bps.
Noah Kaye: So just, a, was that, and how much of that was anticipated and b, when you talk about that sort of being a tailwind to March this next year, I guess how do you think of that in the context of continued support for the labor force given the tight labor market and of course ongoing support amid the COVID pandemic, which is still, although easing with us.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Largely because that's baked into the plan, right, we've got elevated increases for all of our frontline people given it’s an inflationary environment. And again, we're pricing ahead of that. And even with that plan, we're planning to expand margins. So that's why we assume that, again, as the situation moves and becomes dynamic, we'll adjust accordingly.
Brian DelGhiaccio: Yes, Tyler, absolutely in the solid waste and recycling side, right? We're on our marks, right? And we're going to get there. And you're right, this acquisition right in this space in general has a slightly different value creation formula a little bit lower margins, but less capital intensity, right. And so that starts to converge more into free cash flow conversion, you'll see us move later in the year to segment reporting, right, that calls those things out and really makes it clear to the investment community, what kind of progress we're making on each front. And so just arithmetically right, we'll get there just slightly slower than we would have otherwise. But our sights are still set toward that target overtime.
Brian DelGhiaccio: No, it's too broad fronts, think about half of it as a duplicative corporate costs, right? This is costs of being a public company, IR treasury and all the normal things that you would think to take out and then the other $20 million would come more at the field level because you see, we have a Gulf Coast region, right? We have a Northeast Region and environmental solutions business, right. They have a national footprint. And we'll obviously think about harmonizing and integrating those. Right, that's a relatively small number, right? When you think about it in terms of cost takeout, because we think this is a huge platform for growth for us, right? We're not going into cut and flip or buying to keep and build. Now, as we go and we learn more, if there's more opportunities to do things a bit more efficiently, we'll certainly take advantage of that.
