Don Slager: Thanks Brian. Before I open up the call for questions, I will provide our 2015 financial guidance. We expect diluted earnings per share to be in a range of $1.98 to $2.04. This performance represents mid to high single-digit earnings growth after excluding the $0.06 headwind from tax related items, and $0.04 headwind from net fuel and commodity. We anticipate adjusted free cash flow to be in a range of $710 million to $740 million. This performance represents mid to high single-digit growth after excluding the cash tax impact from the exploration of bonus depreciations and impact from net fuel and commodity. We expect annual revenue growth of 2.5% to 3.5%, which includes average yield of approximately 1.5%, volume growth of 1.5% to 2%, contribution from acquisitions of 1.5%, a decline in fuel recovery fees of 1%, and a reduction in recycled commodity revenue of 50 to 100 basis points. We anticipate EBITDA margin of 28% to 28.5%, our 2015 EBITDA margin guidance is consistent with our slightly up versus, or slightly up versus our 2014 performance. Most of the expected improvement relates to the impact of lower net fuel. 2015 net capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $855 million, this level of spending includes a $40 million benefit from cost effectively extending the useful life of our fleet, offset by growth capital of 35 million, infrastructure development of 15 million and investments in technology of 10 million. Our 2015 guidance does not include the pending acquisitions of Tervita LLC, which we anticipate will close this month. We expect to maintain our 2015 full year EPS and free cash flow guidance after the deal closes since integration cost and infrastructure development expenditures are projected to offset the contribution from the acquisition in the first year. This is consistent with the expectation we provided when we announced the deal in December. Well onto our business fundamentals and strength of our assets has not change. We will continue to manage the business to create long-term shareholder value in 2015, we will remain focused on executing our strategy which is designed to profitably grow our business through organic growth opportunities and acquisitions, gain pricing power through differentiation and superior service delivery, improve productivity and reduce cost through our fleet faced initiatives. Generate consistent earnings and cash flow growth, and continually improve return on invested capital. And increase cash returns to shareholders while maintaining a strong capital structure. We look forward to delivering on our promises to key stake holders including our customers, communities, employees and shareholders. For our customers we strive to provide the highest level of customer service. We are committed to developing differentiated and superior products that enhance the customer experience. For the communities we serve, we are the go to resource for delivering safe, environmentally friendly and innovative solutions that make communities better. For our employees, training and developing our people is a priority. We strive to be the employer of choice. And for our shareholders, we remain committed to creating long-term shareholder value by generating consistent earnings and free cash flow growth, improving return on investment capital and increasing cash returns. I would like to thank the entire Republic team for the contributions that have allowed us to meet our 2014 objectives, and positioned us well for future growth opportunities. At this time operator I would like to open the call to questions.
Don Slager: Sure, well again, the bright spot in volume for 2014 has been concentrated to construction and demolition. So we think those trends will continue through 2015. We did start to see, at the end of 2014, a little bit of MSW volume activity pickup in our landfills. We haven’t yet really seen much activity of real growth in our commercial business. We don’t have much of that baked in really in ’15, but that’s maybe where the upside lies, if we can start to see some of the broader economic recovery start to impact our commercial business. It’s directionally good, but we haven’t seen the uptick that we’d hoped so far, but somewhere out there on the horizon for us.
Don Slager: Yeah Joe, I’m sure you got the 1.8, I’m looking at Q3 of ‘14 was 1.1 in volume growth. So we picked up a little bit in Q4. Yield in commercial was 1.8 right in commercial Q4 sort of Q3. So it’s again its trending well. Again, part of this is - our focus is in improving yield, right? And improving the quality of the sale and reducing churn and those things, so we're really focused there, but we think the continued volume in commercial will look consistent with what it is and wouldn’t spend. And that again, if we see broader improvement, then we’ll be the first to talk to you about it.
Don Slager: Well it is I would tell you, first of all, this is being impacted by really broad global macro issues right, so you’ve got this issue reports compounding that, but you’ve got supply and demand issues are global. You’ve got China economy, you’ve got all that going on. We’ve not seen a precipitous fall like this in quite some time. Over the long term we think it probably comes back. Keep in mind that recycling is a core offering for us, it’s something that, it’s a product our service that our customers want to buy. I think they value it more, probably then sometimes the industry thinks it does or they do. So we're going to look at opportunities, certainly to price our commodities in our recycling services in the open market. As you can imagine, we've already adjusted our tipping rates at our facilities in the open market. We've got a number of really long-term contracts with large municipalities that we're bound to deliver on through the remainder of the term, we’ll do that. We will continually look to your point Joe, for ways to structure things better, but just generally municipalities are not built to accept the risk of commodities, commodity market, so we've got to figure out a better way to do that.
Don Slager: Yeah, so it is broad-based and we're seeing this growth year-over-year and consistent quarterly growth across the entire company. We now, we've seen volume growth, we've seen pricing growth right? So temporary pricing is up, almost frankly as much as the volume is up. So we are growing units across all of our geographic areas and we're growing price per unit as well. So the demand is there, we've put a lot of our equipment back to work. Chuck made the point that we spent a lot of maintenance expense this year, giving us more - put back from service. So we think it’s going to continue. And remember, I mean your household formation still not at the 50 year average. So we think over time, it could get back to that but I think we’ve got a pretty solid plan for ‘15 and that we’ll see this sort of continued volume as we saw in ‘14 in C&D. And of course we've seen at the landfills too, which again very, very broad-based. So I think I’ve touched before, we don’t really track our halls between residential and commercial, it’s not that meaningful to us. We track more between sort of permanent and temporary, that’s what the meaningful statistic is in our business.
Don Slager: Yeah absolutely right, so when you think about almost 5% price per unit through all basis across the business, that’s pretty strong.
Don Slager: Okay, so first of all right, you know that our fuel, we basically have a natural held hedge built up into our operating model with our fuel recovery fee and then our fuel hedges. So you’re structural through his remarks, we're not going to see much of a benefit for dropping fuel prices. So that’s that, as far as consumption goes, well the average consumer because of spending less on fuel, spend more in the economy. I think maybe over the long-term, I think I saw some stature today that said that people are pulling back a little bit because they’re not sure that this low fuel environment is going to last very long. But it lasted long enough and it looks like a structural shift then maybe people will start pulling some of their, the cash back to work in the economy, that would certainly be good for us in the small container and landfill business. So we’ll see what happens with that. As far as what it does competitively, certainly the small companies that don’t have fuel recovery fee, that don’t have this path through mechanism. They are experiencing, today, sort of an immediate improvement in their operating expenses. If they’re really smart, they’ll hang onto that and realize that this fuel environment may not stay over for very long. And they won’t just get it back in their pricing. That would be the smart way to look at it. If, at the same time, our customers are experiencing price benefit from us because we have this fair first mechanism that as fuel goes up, we share the risk, and as fuel goes down we share the benefit. And so our customers are seeing some pricing relief on their bills which I think positioned us pretty well with the customer as a contract as a part of that’s being fair. So we have not heard of any irrational competitive behavior because of fuel issues at this point. I don’t know that, I expected - it’s not keeping me up at night Al. I think overall with dropping fuel prices, our customers probably feel pretty good. We’re doing a good job for them and we’ll continue to adjust their pricing as necessary with other inflation.
Don Slager: Well we gave guidance that we were thinking about $100 million of spend again this year, in and around tuck-ins in the core space. There may be some opportunity to spend some acquisition of dollars in and around the ENP space over time. But basically you can figure that we’ll spend another 360 million this year on share repurchase right, 100 million on tuck-ins. We’ve certainly got the debt capacity to do that, of course we’re going to pay dividend again, and we consistently raise the dividends through time. So our same balanced approach the cash utilization is part of our strategy for a long time, it’s part of the value that we create for our owners, that really hasn’t changed. The degree of acquisition is somewhat limited by the pipeline, we’re willing to do quality deals. We’re not going to buy companies that haven’t been around for a long time with good assets. So that’s - that focus hasn’t changed. The 360 Adam is actually the amount remaining on our authorization, so we intend to complete that in 2015.
Don Slager: I would say the difference between the two is probably about $1 right now. And that doesn’t have an impact on our long-term plans. We still think that the movement into CNG makes sense, so we’re going to continue that initiative.
Don Slager: No, I guess the most exciting trend that we have going on in the residential, is that we’ve been converting some of our residential customers to the new waste index or industries. And so we’ve got, of our total revenue, call it $700 million to $900 million of residential business that’s not typical five year contract. So these might be anything from a nature way to a - call it a large city, but a typical five year contract in that business. And so $700 million to $900 million of total angle revenue. We’ve already converted about 70 million of that revenue to one of the new industries. So giving the mark of CPI and it’s going to take some time to work through the remainder as contracts come due. But we’ve been at that now for a couple of quarters, making pretty good progress. So the people we’ve been talking to so far have been pretty open to that idea. We have been successful everywhere of course, but we’re going to continue to move down that road. That’s probably the most compelling thing that’s going on for us, residential, where most of our focus lies right now.
Don Slager: Yeah, that’s right. We’ll get the other three areas completed here pretty soon, but we just need to get it done by the end of the year.
Don Slager: Yeah, so we look at average selling price of new customers, it’s kind of on the per unit basis, is one of the ways we do that. You think about average yield in our, average yield at our commercial business in Q3 was 1.8% and Q4 was 2.1%. This is largely focused on the open market commercial and open market industrial business. It’s not necessarily that municipal business, it’s not the residential subscription business. It’s those two big open market verticals for us, and we're seeing improvement. We're getting great feedback from the field, great feedback from the sales team, makes their jobs a little easier. And so it’s the right thing to do, we're excited about it. We're going to rollout these next couple of areas, and then continue to move forward from here.
Don Slager: Well we're having success, again, we're not going, I wouldn’t advise you to extrapolate that success easily, it’s very difficult work. The business we have - has an ROI that’s above our whack, I mean so its returning positively, it just has fallen off from where we've come from. And so look, we went through a really tough recession, these municipalities faced with these municipal pensions that we’re failing, faced with the tax basis crumbling, property taxes and all the rest of it. Economy has been battling back, you see all those metrics in the economy, we've been good Republic private partners these municipalities. We did the right thing by trying to help them right size their cost in sort of the time of trouble. We're frankly not willing to go any lower because we can’t, and it’s time for us now to expect lower fair and reasonable pricing mechanism in our contracts going forward. The other thing remember is, four years ago when we were first living for the first couple of years in a slow CPI environment, nobody thought, nobody I talked to thought CPI was going to stay low. Now, back now four years ahead of that, where we are today and no one really believes that, no one see’s CPI normalizing to its 25 year average above 3%. And everyone sort of agrees on the fact that the CPI’s been manipulated. So we can’t live in that environment. And so we are moving forward, as I said, within new industries. We're not going do business or take new business that doesn’t meet our return criteria. And we intend to improve this business over the long term. And we’ve got some good traction so far.
Don Slager: You got it right, we’ve got that sort of 12 - 18 month lag on CPI, that way it works to our pricing, and it’ll be more of a ‘16 event for us. So we're hoping that these low CPI’s are being forecasted. Start to bump up a little bit at the end of the year, but for ‘15 we won’t have much impact from it.
Don Slager: Thank you, Sheila. I would like to thank all Republic employees for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence, and creating the Republic way. Thank you for spending time with us today, and have a good evening.
Chuck Serianni: And one of the ways to look at it too Joe is, if you kind of look at our full year performance this year from a volume perspective, it was 2%. So next year being 1.5 to 2, really kind of a continuation of what we saw on ‘14 with the exception, when you kind of take a look at special waste, special waste was pretty strong this year, really coming off of a really low comp from the prior year. So again, that would probably be the one difference, it’s expressed as far as the rate of growth, rather than that relatively consistent with ‘14.
Chuck Serianni: Yeah Joe just to give an idea, the commercial volume has been ranged down between 1.1 and 1.3 for the last five quarters, with an average of 1.2% for the full year.
Chuck Serianni: Again we would expect that, and we've been talking about this for a year. This is what we would expect right as volume demands come back, we would be able to get our fair share of the growth naturally because our footprint is so strong. And that we’d be able to price for accordingly and that’s what we've done.
Chuck Serianni: Yeah in the Temp business in the fourth quarter the halls were up 5.6% and the pricing was up 4.8%. So you are getting double-digit organic growth in that portion of the business.
Chuck Serianni: Michael you’re right. This is Chuck. You’re right on with that. But let me just walk through that just in case others on the call don’t follow it. So free cash flow, we reported 709 for the year, you’ve got a benefit from bonus depreciation of $45 million. And then we’ve got a $25 million offset to that, because we pulled forward our capital to the year, which gives us to 689 on an adjusted basis. And that falls actually on a high-end of the range in our guidance that we gave in October, of 675 to 690.
Chuck Serianni: No, no, actually Michael, it reverses in ‘15, so when we think about free cash flow for 2015, you actually had a negative because the bonus depreciation of $25 million. And that’s offset by the $25 million of pull forward capital that we have, the capital that we pulled forward into 2014. So that ends up being a neutral on 2015.
Chuck Serianni: Yeah, special waste has been strong for us. You’re right, we’re seeing a little bit more of that activity, it’s probably too early to call it, but you’re exactly right. When we see more and more of the kind of lane clearing jobs that are precursor to industrial and commercial development, it’ll bode well for that part of the business, but also construction volumes at large.
Chuck Serianni: This year, the CNG trucks that we’re purchasing will be delivered into facilities where we’ve already got the infrastructure, where we’ve already set up the fuelling stations. As you know, that’s a big part of the investment when we convert fleets over. So, we won’t be putting in as many new CNG filling stations as we have over the last couple of years. We’ll just continue to bring density to the fleets where we already have the investments made.
Chuck Serianni: Well, fiber makes up about 70% of our overall recycling, the rest of it is made up of, as you mentioned, glass. And various plastics and aluminum molds for another metals.
Chuck Serianni: This is Chuck, so most of these acquisitions are relatively small, but probably in the $2 million to $3 million range. And I would say that we can get them up to kind of the company’s current margins relatively quickly. So they’ll perform at pretty much at post synergy levels in ‘15.
Chuck Serianni: Yeah, the tools we talked about, the PBS and the Capture, really are focused at bringing our new business correctly. We think about defection, the 7% of the business that we lose, the way we’re focusing on that Alex, is really through all of our customer service metrics. So we track across the entire company at every division, we track miss-pickups, we track service commitments, we have got a number of service commitments that each of our general managers makes to customers in each of our divisions. We know what their adherences of those commitments. We also use something called net promoter score, which we’ve talked about in the past. And we get direct feedback from our customers, every one of our markets. And how they feel about our service and whether or not they would recommend us to somebody else. So we focus on those customer metrics to understand how we’re doing in servicing our customers and how they value us. And basically, we’re trying to drive all of those metrics up, because we want to extend customer loyalty right? We want customers to come with us, we want them to stay with us, because we’re a great service provider and then we meet their needs, and we handle all of that for them right? That’s our tagline; we’ll handle it from here. So we’re working on that, and can we get perfection down from 7%? Well it used to be 10, we brought it down to 7 and we’ll see where we go from here. We do our best, we know our service metrics are improving, miss-pickups are down, service commitments are up. And our net promoter score has improved dramatically since we introduced it. So we also brought customer service metrics into our compensation programs for our general managers. So everyone has got some skin in the game now to improve the customer experience for each and every one of our customers. So that’s how we’re looking to get that done.
