Dave Watson: Yes. Well as Brian had said we think that Internet delivered video is a good thing for the Cable doesn't. When you look at where the usage is on the broadband network, the median monthly data usage for our resi business is over 200 gigabytes and this is increasing at 34% year-over-year in the quarter. So it's clearly critical to have a fantastic broadband network. And I think it really showcases for us this differentiated network and broadband. But while broadband is crucial delivering the experience for all these apps, as Brian said too, the X1 platform is uniquely positioned to tie up all of this together.  I've heard and you’ve read different stories about just how complicated it can be for the consumer. We think X1 is just a fantastic platform, it gives us the ability to combine everything, live, DVR, on-demand and these apps in such a unique way using the voice. So I think that those two things, I think, give us a great position as we go forward in this landscape.
Dave Watson: Yes. Alright, thanks Ben. So on non-programming OpEx we've said we have a long-term game plan and the key drivers for us starts with transforming the customer experience and the customer's digital capability. And when we do that, we're going to take out unnecessary transactions and associated costs out of the business and this is happening. It's good for the customer. And it’s the right way for us to run the business. And so we think that there is still significant room to improve our performance in taking out these unnecessary transactions. But at the same time, customer experiences are only part of the non-programming OpEx, some of the costs are success based and some you'll see perhaps some increases based on higher volume of sales activity like on the mobile side handset cost.  And we're going to continue to invest and grow on the experience. But what we're seeing, I think, is a reflection of our focus of just being very disciplined around cost and the customer experience. So it could be some lumpiness in any given quarter, I like our momentum in reducing the transactions. And if you combine what Mike was talking about the combination of this focus on the connectivity business and then with the – or focus on taking these cost out, you're seeing the margin improvement that Mike talked about up to a 100 basis points. So we like our momentum.
Dave Watson: Hey John this is Dave. So look, the video category remains a very competitive one. And it's little early to gage any impact from some of the moves from either virtual competitors or the SVODs, but they’re still all competing. A sheer number of them as Steve mentioned too there are some new ones coming in. So it's a very competitive category. But having said that, I think, we're competing very effectively with discipline to not chase on profitable relationships. And X1 is a great long-term, terrific platform that as I mentioned before, that integrates live on demand DVR apps and will continue to be an important part of our go-to-market packaging approach. So we're going to compete for the segments that really matter, we're going to leverage our X1 platform, we'll see where the video market goes. But what's happening is to your question broadband is the centerpiece of our packaging and we drove 300,000 total customer relationships. Broadband is the real driver behind that, are ending with 31 million relationships, which is up 3.6% year-over-year. So we're, I think, doing a good job managing the business. We're still going to compete in video. But our overall net results, I think, reflect the strategy.
Dave Watson: Yes. So we're happy with the mobile results today, including this first quarter, especially within the context of seasonality and our overall strategy. So 170,000 net additions, pretty solid and ending with 1.4 million lines. And it's early and I’ve mentioned it before, but we are seeing some improvement in retention and that's exactly one of our top goals were. We wanted to increase consideration of other products. We're seeing movement in certain sales channels, retail for example, where people coming in and thinking about broadband and mobile is helping that. And last, Mike was mentioning, maintaining positive standalone wireless economics when we reached scale, I think we're on track.
Steve Burke: So Jessica, let me give you an update on the NBCU streaming service that we're developing. First of all, our feeling is, and it's interesting watching, you watch CNBC, you would assume that streaming is all of the entrants are in and it's a big battle between two or three of them. We actually think is very, very early innings and in some ways reminiscent of Cable in the 1970s or 1980s. And we think there will be a lot of entrants and a lot of companies will try to enter with their own unique strengths leveraging their own unique assets. And so you're starting to see that. In our case NBC is the number one broadcast channel. We have a huge portfolio of cable channels. And if you add up all of our rating points, more people watch our channels than any other media companies’ channels. And then not surprisingly, we're the number one provider of television advertising in the country. So we think those are strengths. We also think the fact that Comcast Cable and Sky have over 50 million direct relationships. Building direct relationships with customers is a real strength. So our approach, which we think is very interesting and different is to take thousands of hours of great programming and make it free to the vast majority of people who live in the United States or the UK eventually. And we think that's a way to get real scale quickly. And we think that's a way to achieve profitability more quickly than we would otherwise. So we've taken, as Brian and Mike mentioned in their introductions, we've taken the Now TV executive team, two of the most senior people at Sky working on that project now live in the United States. And we have hundreds of other people working on rights, and technology, and all the things you need to do to set up the service. And in about a year we plan to enter in this unique way and we see a lot of people entering. And we think there is plenty of room for multiple companies in different strategies to make money. And we look at it as a real opportunity. Given all the content we have and the real strengths we have, we look at this as a way to grow our company and power our company for decades to come.
Steve Burke: So from the perspective of NBCUniversal and sub trends, we've said, I think, maybe three or four calls in a row that we thought that virtual MVPD sort of growth was probably unsustainable and that's proven to be the case. I think as a number of people who have come in a virtual MVPD universe, they had promotional pricing or big launch plans and they would gain a fair amount of subs. And actually at one point the gain on the virtual MVPD side pretty much offset the loss on the traditional MVPD side. That trend, I think, is over. I think we were right that people came in and now they're raising prices, and pulling back and redirecting. And what you're seeing is that the virtual MVPD growth is slowing. And there's nothing really dramatic on the traditional MVPD side. The erosion is pretty much the same as it's been, you just have a lower number of virtual MVPD net ads. And I think that's going to continue. I think we all believe that's a quite challenged business model and there was a bit of excitement as everybody rushed into the business over the last year or so. And that excitement now is going away.
Steve Burke: So on the direct-to-consumer capital and spending and everything else, we have a lot of people working on it, but we're not going to give any numbers for the obvious competitive reasons. And we'll leave it with that.
Brian Roberts: Before we jumped to Steve, I just would add to that point that probably a difference between us and some of the others that you reference is that's the strength of this great network and the model we've got between business services and consumers. If a customer doesn't choose to want to buy one of our video products, they're buying our broadband at a better rate than we might have anticipated years ago. And that's where the shift that we're talking about is playing to our strength. The higher margin, ultimately increasing revenues at the double digit that Mike talked about for the broadband business is pretty exceptional. So getting that mix right, not holding on to the wrong customers too long allows us to free up the broadband business and that's where the flex product looks like strategically we've now set a course for years to come that anticipates the change that is happening in the market. And that that's where I want – Dave you're doing a great job.
Brian Roberts: Marci, I don't have that off the top of my head. We'll get back to with whatever been disclosed on that and we'll try to sum that up. But I think the point in making this statement, just to put it in context is the scale of this company and the questions and the conversation that we've been having here, it just dawns on me that the steps we've taken, I feel great about it. Sitting here today with the global world that is interconnected more than ever, technology allowing that, what's our growth, what's our strategy. And you take those top four geographies that's where the best customers reside, you want to have content opportunities in those countries. And the $24 billion shows that's not Dave Watson buying Cable service. That's our production or sports spend, our purchase from making films and you put that together that puts us first or second biggest producer of content. You have all these new platforms that want that content and we have the very best team making that content and now doing that in a number one position in Europe, it makes us just that much of a greater company. And then the 54 million homes that having only 25% market share, but that's far in a way bigger than anybody else. But 25% although in those four countries we represent the revenue and the business relationships is at fantastic position for this company. So it's the scale and its cross content and distribution that I think we were trying to highlight.
Brian Roberts: So let me just quickly address the reverse comp question. Explain it a little bit for those of you who don't follow it. So in the 25% of the United States where we have NBC stations, we get retransmission consent and keep all of it. In the 75% of the United States where we don't have NBC stations but do have affiliates, we keep over half of the retransmission consent in a form that we call reverse comp and the reality is that has become a very substantial operating cash flow generator for the company. And we – literally, every single one of our affiliates we've entered into deals with and I think our affiliates will acknowledge if you look at eyeballs – or really any way you measure it, advertising anything else, the network brings over half the value to a local station and the value of that local station as an asset would change dramatically without the network affiliation. So I don't think any of the changes on the M&A side are going to affect reverse comp in the future and I think being an NBC affiliate has been a very good thing over the last six years.
Brian Roberts: Yes, I think, you know what Steve said earlier, we're going to keep our powder dry for another day to talk about more specifics than what we've already laid out. I would think, again, the point is as we see new entrants, we’re just reminding people the breadth of this company and also, I guess our philosophy that it doesn't all have to be on one platform to be successful. There are a lot of different strategies and particularly, when you do that on a global basis. So, we go from the number one broadcast network to frankly the great portfolio of Cable channels. Universal having its most successful three years in the last three years I think, or three of the top four years and having a great start to this year. Sky, already said they're going to do more of their own productions and the top five shows, were all Sky produced. You can see some trends and draw your own conclusions and we'll have more to talk about in the future.
Mike Cavanagh: Hey Craig, so as you said capital intensity can be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter, so sticking with expecting 50 basis points of improvement in capital expenditure intensity in 2019 is right. I think the main drivers are very consistent we said this awhile ago what was happening, anticipated this and so it's the decline in video CPE spending but with a very consistent focus on investing in a connectivity side of business and so don't provide the guidance much beyond what we just said. But we expect the trends to continue. I look at the investment and the infrastructure, business services is just such a great growth engine. We will continue to do the right things in the marketplace and capital and increase passings and lines. The business services team is doing a great job, getting return on all of those investments.
Mike Cavanagh: So, I'll just say it's Mike, I'll start on – we're starting to see on mobile the benefit of scaling up the business. And so that's we've been talking about that for a while, and waiting and watching for it. So you're seeing that in year-over-year with the improvement of about 180 million of losses to around just over 100 of losses. Going forward, I think we sustain that scale. We're really pleased Dave can comment on how the business is performing. But quarter-to-quarter it'll be driven a lot by volumes and we like the volumes we’ve got in this quarter, particularly in light of what we see from the industry overall and that's part of what you see here, but we're starting to see the benefits of scale is the short story on the financials.
Mike Cavanagh: So we're a few weeks out from the upfront and I think all of the indications are at least for us it's going to be a very strong upfront. I think the economy in the United States, the economy is quite strong. Our channels, NBC is ending the year, number one, MSNBC is beating CNN at night and the Telemundo is beating Univision. So we have a lot of inherent channel strength. And then we're bringing a lot of new technology and a lot of new ways of thinking about spending on digital and interactive technology, et cetera to the market. And then finally you mentioned the scatter market, the scatter market for many, many quarters has been up 30% and sometimes 40% and that is just a very consistent strength. And the reality is, there's more and more places to spend on digital, but television remains a platform for big companies that want to change people's brand perceptions that you just can't find on the Internet. And so I think it is very likely to be a strong upfront and we're right there. We're heading into it in a few weeks.
Mike Cavanagh: Vijay, it’s Mike I'll start. So 500 synergies, we've said, I'll say it again, we're on track and we'll get those over time couple of years mix as we said of expenses and revenues. So project, against all that are underway and you'll see that in Sky's numbers, but also spread around the company broadly since the teams across the place working on all that. So I feel good about the synergies, but I'd say more importantly, feel very good about owning Sky and as we said, it's about what Sky is onto itself that is attractive there and it's got great market position as Jeremy's described and you can pile on. But I think the list of work that both Brian and I've mentioned earlier, I won't repeat it, but it really cuts across the way Sky, NBCUniversal and Comcast Cable connect with each other, I think it is upside over the longer term for many years to come. That'll make us a better and stronger company, and reach as many consumers as we've called out across the best markets in the world. Jeremy, I don't know if you want to add. Sorry.
Mike Cavanagh: Vijay this is Dave on Flex. Flex is available in our Cable footprint right now and but consistent with our approach with X1 where we have syndication partners that have X1 and they market in their footprints. There's a lot of excitement around Flex as well. So we're in discussions with our partners around Flex as well. I think as Brian said its important long-term product. I think we're going to be using in the early stages in a targeted fashion, helping broadband, but it's a great platform to build broader video relationships as well. So we're excited about this in our footprint, but we'll be talking with other partners down the road.
