Michael Cavanagh: Thanks Brian. We had a great start to 2023 and have set ourselves up for another strong year. We have amazing talent at all levels of our company and DNA that fosters creativity and collaboration, resulting in operational excellence that is second to none. Couple that with our position as a scaled leader in very large and profitable markets with tens of millions of customers paying us over a $100 per month, as well as hundreds of millions of TV and streaming viewers, and we have an extremely healthy balance sheet enabling us to invest in all of our strategic opportunities and for great returns, while also returning a healthy amount of capital to shareholders. As pleased as we are with our results in the first quarter, any company's performance in a quarter is just a milestone of progress against a longer term strategy and plan. And so before we dive deeper into the details of the last few months, I'd like to spend a few minutes talking about the drivers of our growth over the longer term and where we're focusing most of our time and resources. I put these in four buckets, residential connectivity, business services connectivity, our theme parks and experiences and our premium content creation. I'll start with residential connectivity, which is comprised of domestic broadband, domestic wireless and international connectivity. Broadband is a fantastic business. It's a great product for the consumer and demand continues to rise. People are connecting more and more devices to our network and they're consuming a tremendous amount of data. Right now, the average monthly data usage for a broadband customer that doesn't take video from us is nearly 700 gigabytes, and there is a related increase in the importance of reliability and speed with roughly one third of our customers at one gigabit or higher and nearly three quarters at or above 400 megabits. For us, the consumer's already high and increasing level of expectation for their broadband experience is an important trend. And while the marketplace is competitive, such that adding subs in the near-term is likely to be a challenge. I fully expect we will eventually return to subscriber growth. We have the best handout there to win against all the competing technologies, whether it's fiber or fixed wireless. We view fiber as our long-term competitor. We've been successfully competing against fiber for about 20 years, yet still built a base of 32 million broadband customers over this time period.
Michael Cavanagh: HeyBen, it's Mike, so I'll jump in. Thanks for the question. So I appreciate the comment. I have been here, it's hard to believe, it's going to be in two weeks, I've been here two or three weeks eight years as partner to Brian and the rest of the leadership team. So it is correct that I've been close to all these things, not just recently as President for the last half year or so, but really since I joined. So in thinking about the strategies of NBC, I would think the way you should think about it is the way we operate across the businesses, including NBC, is that the strategies were developed by the entire leadership team. Brian mentioned how great a team we have across the diverse collection of business parks, studios, TV, streaming services, news, sports. So you can imagine that strategies are put together by those teams of leaders, obviously in conjunction with the ultimate leader and then with Brian and myself. So we've been deeply involved for a long, long time in what those strategies are all about and in tracking how we're doing. So, while it's unfortunate to have an unexpected change in leadership, I would tell you it is not, there is no reason for anyone to think that we're going to be revisiting strategy as a result of that. It's all by itself. Well obviously we act as the environment around us changes, but as you pointed out, the businesses are performing really well right now. So job number one for me is to just settle things down and make sure the businesses and the business leaders at NBCU remain focused on the job at hand. And I feel actually into the first several days of this, that that's well underway and I frankly don't think the business is going to miss a beat. With that, I'll hand it over to Dave.
Michael Cavanagh: And Craig, it's Mike. On NBA obviously a tremendous product and the playoffs are great. I think the negotiations there, that's ways out, but obviously NBC Sports does a great job partnering with the leagues we partner with, broadcast, streaming and otherwise. So time will tell, but as we look at things we always look at an overall financial envelope what's the right portfolio of overall sports rights we want to have and do that in a way that, as we've said, and Jason said earlier, we manage our linear and broadcast and Peacock as one business. So that's the way we would look at any of the rights that are out there in the future.
Michael Cavanagh: Okay, Jessica, it's Mike. So I'll dive in. I think the short answer to the question is that I think what -- the way me stepping in to oversee NBC is quite sustainable. And why I say that is as President, I was already overseeing all of this and close to the people that run the NBC businesses and the Cable businesses and the corporate areas. And I think what's really important to understand is that we've got high-quality operators and leaders in all of the seats around the company: Philadelphia, L.A., New York, Orlando and so forth. So while I'll have to work a little harder and frankly, I'm energized to do so because I look forward actually to spending time getting closer to the NBCU businesses and spending more time deeper in them and with the leaders there. And frankly, since I'm going to be here for a long time, I actually think that's good for me and good for the company over the long-term. So I would put no timetable at all on -- no time pressure to do anything other than make sure the businesses hum, which they're -- that's what they're doing right now, and that's what I see continuing. And maybe someday, we'll think there's a better way to approach it, but I'll never be moving far away from the businesses no matter what. And I'm going to own the outcome anyway it turns out. So I think -- think of me as being there for a while. In terms of the cyclical versus secular and the laundry list there of all the things we're dealing with, I'd say all that's embedded in the plans that we have. When you think about our Content & Experiences businesses, you think about our Parks business, which is just doing tremendously well, and we've got tremendous growth investments behind that. And it had nothing to do with the challenges for eyeballs and the movement of traditional television to different forms of consumer consumption. So think of parks as – put it aside, I think, it is an incredibly valuable and growing business. And then I think in the traditional TV businesses, we're -- that's why we're -- exactly why we're doing Peacock. And remember, we're at 22 million subs now. We were 20 when we ended last year. We were at 15 when we ended the third quarter of last year. So I think we're really pleased as we're one quarter into 2023 to have held level of engagement in the product, hours watched and so forth and kept churn very low. As we look ahead, some really good content coming later in the balance of the year. So on track, and then some. We'll have our role to pay and Comcast customers coming over to in more the second half of the year. So I think we feel really good about the strategy of how we're managing on the Media business side. And then really on Studios, you look at -- Brian covered it, but you look at the power of our Studios, both film and television and they're incredibly strong, and leadership is excellent. And the -- Brian mentioned animation, but we've got Fast 10 coming out in a couple of weeks. We've had great hits on the television side and more to come. So I think that's also, I think, a strategy around Studios that is -- and we've stayed, as we've said, agnostic, I guess, to whether it's the word to use, whether things need to necessarily end on our platforms, Peacock or linear or someone else's. So I think there's durable value in that side of things sort of no matter how some of these trends work out. And I'll leave it at that and talk more some other day about some of the details. I'm not going to talk about Hulu. And on strikes, we certainly hope that we find an equitable outcome that avoids a strike, and that's what our team is planning for. Over to you, Dave.
Michael Cavanagh: It's Mike. I would just add in that we're not looking to manage within the around 11% as a constraint, but rather to Jason's point, I think we can handle going to the 1 million, which is great. And we see good economics in that, but would welcome it if the day came along that we thought spending more with -- on incremental passings would be good return. So...
Michael Cavanagh: And it's a nice feel to finish on parks because the business overall is really rocking, as you can tell. It would be -- I'd be remiss in not calling out first the quarter that the international side had. USJ had all-time highs for attendance, per caps revenue and EBITDA. And that's since it opened -- for a first quarter. That's since it opened in 2001. And likewise, in China, we generated significant profitability in a tougher season and the highest ever quarterly attendance despite it being wintertime. So that's the international side. And on the domestic side, things continue to perform really well. Hollywood, we had Super Nintendo World open, so driving really strong attendance and per caps that are way ahead of last year and pre-pandemic levels on the back of excellent guest feedback. And in Orlando, really solid results in the quarter. We had, as you know, unprecedented visitation last year way ahead of 2019 pre-COVID. So as expected, growth rates have slowed down, but performance continues to be solid. And go-forward booking again still looks solid, similar pattern to Q1 of last year. So, so far, things continue to look good as we look ahead in the domestic side.
David Watson: Thank you Mike, and hello Ben. So on wireless, wireless continues to be a key part of our overall strategy. Stepping back for a second, we really like the start to the year in our trajectory. This quarter we set another first quarter record in net line additions of 355,000 and so this puts us at the 5.7 million line. So good start to the year, and we're still less than 10% penetrated to broadband. So it gives us a long runway ahead and to your point of looking out to 2023. But our strategy is to focus very much on our core service offerings of, by the gig which we still have and use, unlimited tiers, and it gives us a strong, real strong value proposition to all segments that we serve. So it's important to note that we leverage mobile in all aspects of how we go to market, in acquisition, base management and retention. And so mobile does very well in all three, but as Connects are a little bit softer through this cycle, base management has been very strong as we go to existing customers and provide a great upgrade opportunity for them. So our pricing focus is our core services, but we do go in and out in terms of promotions with gift cards, some device subsidies that we've historically done, really no different there, but we also had a $50 combined broadband mobile offering that all helped. There was a little bit of a lift there and a great value message to the existing base. So yes, long-term, less than 10 10% penetration. Lot of upside for us in wireless and a large revenue pool that we have that I think a unique position given our broadband network is ubiquitous. Our go-to market mobile opportunity is ubiquitous within our footprint. And so you look at it, there's upside in residential and commercial, there's domestic and international upside with mobile. There's an opportunity for us to consider long-term cost side with offloading traffic.
David Watson: Hey, Craig, Dave here. So it does start, if you look at the domestic margins, the 250 basis points and the 46.5%, there's a host of things. This all starts, as Jason said, with the margin accretive connectivity businesses, both residential and commercial. I think that we continue to benefit. There are -- transactional activity is lowered. A lot of this is just constantly being focused on the customer experience and taken out unnecessary transactions that continues. But we also very disciplined and stay focused on fixed costs, so that, we look at every part of the business in terms of opportunities to do a good job, be competitive, be aggressive, but also take out unnecessary costs. And then, there's also, one of the things, I think the great things that Cable does, and we've been focused at Comcast is we leverage our existing network, our great network, and our operational capabilities to do new lines of business. Business services is a great example of that, but wireless is another one of which our existing sales channels, our existing capabilities in an MVNO light way, it just is, it's a big part of the connectivity story. So I think we do well when we can leverage our strength and, and our strength will continue to be our network and our go-to-market approaches that we've done, I think a pretty good job over the years. But everything we do, inbound sales, digital, we leverage wireless.
David Watson: Well, thanks Doug. So starting with competition and churn, so the overall, the environment is, there's still, as I mentioned, overall transactional activity in general is down and there's two parts of that. One is, as you brought up, there's, it continues to be pretty intense competitively. That's been the case for a while, but also there's just less activity period with less moves. And so the thing that it really stands out, continues to be the case that our churn is near record lows in terms of compared to pre-pandemic period. So we're not seeing in terms of churn, any material spikes when it comes to competition. We are seeing an impact in terms of connects. And so, some of that is the transactional activity, some of it is competitive pressure, but it's more felt on the connect side of things and a little bit more on video as we have less video attachment on that side. But broadband, you look at our broadband base, we have a very stable base, 32 million residential broadband customers, churn, very healthy and certainly lower than pre-pandemic period times. We watch the competitive landscape every day. And so while certain fixed wireless, the fiber group, but we continue to fare well in terms of the kind of all tiers and in terms of churn. So it's not -- we haven't seen a spike in voluntary or the non-pay in regards to the economy.DOCSIS 4.0. At the end of the year we'll be testing it and I think next year will be a pretty big year for that.: But every step of the way, we're delivering increased value. And it's where the customer is going in terms of the increased focus, every application of streaming, of gaming. And you look at where the customer is today, the 700 gigabytes in terms of HSD-only consumption, events like the Thursday Night Football that just caused a spike, and then yesterday that Man City against Arsenal, Peacock, having a great Premier League match to see a little bit of a bump in terms of broadband usage. So there's going to be more of that. The customer is going to do more with broadband, not less. And so I think that serves us well long-term competitively, and we'll continue to be a champion of every single broadband great application as they come along.
David Watson: You got it. Hey Jessica, Dave here. So on video, we continue to segment the marketplace. We have a lot of options. But the main point that has really developed is the video attachment being down. And so there -- and our rate approach is to not subsidize unprofitable video relationships. And I've shifted some time ago anticipating how things evolve that are focusing on the overall relationship and the connectivity opportunity. So the main -- one of the key points, though, that to make sure that folks understand, we did see certainly an uptick in customers dropping video. But we've also seen these customers that are retaining broadband. And so our full disconnect churn, video and broadband, remains at record low levels and is down nearly 25% since the pre-pandemic period. So we're able to have managed through the cycle and still there's some video packaging that we're going to be very focused on and based on the segment and we'll fight hard, whether it's acquisition, base management or retention. So it's important to us, but we have figured out a way to manage it financially. And if you look at broadband, the net result is broadband is faring well and holding the line in terms of the base. And so as things continue to and evolve more towards streaming, I think we're in a great position there. And we also have invested in our platforms. So we have the platforms of Flex. We have X1 and the new Charter JV with Xumo that we feel great about long-term. So yes, the video losses did a bit of an uptick, but we did offset it with some of these platform relationships that I think long-term are going to be very important.
David Watson: This is Dave. So Brett, we like the trajectory. Both Jason and Mike mentioned the 1 million. It's early, but off to a good start. I feel good about that. And really, the three buckets, the existing footprint within existing cable footprint and as things pick up in terms of housing and new construction, then we'll be right there, the hyper builds for commercial and then these edge outs, which is where some of the subsidies are there. So we're -- we feel good about it, very focused. And we'll take a disciplined approach, and it's been great, the support that we have in terms of every opportunity, we'll go for it and -- but we'll expect historical returns. On the mobile offload, we think this is a really interesting and good opportunity potentially based on how things are. We've said, I think, 60%, the traffic around 3% of our footprint. And that is -- we're staring at that constantly. So we're testing. We have a -- we go arm in arm with Charter looking at some of these results in terms of how things are going. We do have a fantastic capital light MVNO that serves us very well. I think great for the partner, good for us long-term. But we'll continue to stare at the marginal cost improvements of offloading these dense traffic areas. So we're staying on it, and we'll -- more to come on that, but we will be testing that throughout the year.
David Watson: Phil, Dave. Let me start with kind of the offer approach and then the impact as we go into Q2, just providing overall perspective. But when you take a step back, we are still in the environment that I've mentioned, still the base, overall broadband base very stable in terms of the turn, less the connect pressure that we've seen. So -- but overall, it's tied to a better churn than where we were pre-pandemic. So -- but we take a very disciplined approach. We segment the market, and we go in and out with offers. So we did have an offer that was available in the marketplace where, for broadband only, at $25 and then a $50 combined mobile. And so we saw an uptick. It was positive. And so it's something that we constantly are doing coming in and out in terms of service offerings. We also remain very focused, what we talked about earlier around the high end and never losing sight that there's a mix of tiers that are really important to the base. And so we're just focused on 1 gig, and we do -- with part of the segmentation approach is going to the marketplace and one third of our customers do take that 70 -- almost 75% of our customers take 400 megabits and above. So there's a blend that ends up happening, and that's why you saw a pretty good ARPU growth in terms of broadband. But we'll go in and out with offers in terms of things. We'll be nimble, respond competitively to every single segment. I think there's more action with fixed wireless on the low end and that -- the offer served us well. As you go into seasonality and you look at the second quarter, we are seeing typical seasonality, especially in regions like Florida. So you're going to see a step down in net adds from Q1 to Q2. And -- but I don't think you can extrapolate exact performance from historical levels. But directionally, net adds will be lower in Q2, so just to be clear.
Jason Armstrong: Hey thanks Craig. It's Jason. Let me start with the margin question and I'll turn it over to Dave after that for some follow up and then over to Mike on the NBA question. So on margins overall, I'm pleased with the quarter. Obviously we grew connectivity margins broadly by 160 basis points year-over-year. We've said in the domestic cable business margins are up 250 basis points to a record 46.5%. So really strong margin performance. I think when we look at the drivers of that, number one, mix shift high margin businesses, i.e. the connectivity businesses, broadband, business services, wireless, sort of in that category, say $10 billion book of business growing at 7% and it's margin accretive. In addition to that really strong expense management by Dave and the team, if you look at every expense category outside of direct product costs, which are the costs that go in to feed the connectivity business growth, every single category down year-over-year. So I think really strong performance on margins in general. As we look at wireless in particular, I put it in the broad bucket of the connectivity category. It obviously supports and augments broadband, which is one of our, if not highest margin products, and so wireless is a contributor to that.
Jason Armstrong: Brett, it's Jason. I'll start out with the CapEx question and then tag team with Dave on mobile offloading. So on CapEx, we guided for the year to 10% capital intensity. That's flat year-over-year last year for Connectivity & Platforms. We rounded out the year at 10%, so flat year-over-year. If you think about the big categories that sort of contribute to capital intensity in that business, it's customer premise equipment, scalable infrastructure and line extensions. Customer premise equipment is actually an area we're getting some relief from. Scalable infrastructure, that's where our DOCSIS -- that's basically existing infrastructure where we're augmenting capabilities. That's where DOCSIS 4.0 and our mid-splits. That's an area where, obviously, we're doing a lot more in the next couple of years. And then line extensions, I think you got it right. That's where we're extending our footprint to go serve new geographies, whether it's residential or business services. Within that, we've guided for the year 850,000 new builds last year, goes up to 1 million this year. So that's a 20% increase in what we're doing there, all accommodated for -- with similar capital intensity year-over-year. So I think we're really operating the business at an efficient level, given everything that's going on surrounding the network. I think to your question on doing even more as we look at some of the programs that are coming our way, if you look at prior programs and sort of our distinct advantages in the market, I would step back and say, as you look at product technology, management and cost of capital, those are things that should define an advantage for us in economics of new builds or overbuilds. It was a little bit muted in the prior cycle if you look at sort of the economic cycle we were in and low cost of capital, which created, we think, a pretty frothy capital markets environment, which led a lot of companies to stare at economics that may have been better temporarily than they might be over the longer term as well as newer government programs that were sort of, in our view, unseasoned in terms of the process. So it kept us out of a lot of the prior programs. As we look at this going forward with capital markets activity, cost of capital going up a little bit, I think everything sort of plays to our strengths. So the 850,000 going to 1 million this year, we'd welcome it probably going higher over time.
Jason Armstrong: Just to round out the question on broadband, Phil, because it's a good one. In this type of competitive environment, I think one of the key questions for us and the team is can we segment the base appropriately to sort of tactically respond at the low end but without disrupting the broader base. And one of the things I'm most proud of this quarter from the team is 4.5% ARPU growth, which I think really points to that.
