Brian Roberts: So we are very diverse, NBCUniversal is a very diversified company. We are in really 15 different businesses and obviously some of the businesses will be running from a financial point of view and some of the businesses will be not running as much. Right now it's really running are the Theme Parks, broadcast, the movie businesses is on a roll and looks like that roll can continue with a very-very strong slate in 2015. We still think there is a lot of upside we're up our OCF is up something like 75% since we did the deal four years ago and we still believe that we have significant upside and that upside resides in a lot of our businesses. But right now I think one of the big drivers is Theme Parks and Films is a driver as well. In terms of the cable network business I think what we're finding is throughout the entire industry is that the ratings pressure is greater than it was a year or two ago which means it is going be a tougher business to grow we still think it is a growable business very healthy business. You've got a lot of different revenue streams you've got affiliate fees you've got SVOD, you have international, you have other digital businesses in addition to the advertising but whereas that was a double-digit growth business I think it's probably more as single-digit growth business in the future still a good business. But the growth prospects as we mentioned in the last call are unlikely to be as good in the next five years as they've been in the last five. But as a whole we feel very comfortable that NBCUniversal is a segment of Comcast that has tremendous growth potential in the future.
Brian Roberts: Well I think our target leverage has not changed for a long time Jessica. We've said we would like our target leverage to be between 1.5 and 2 times and it would take us quite a few years to get to that range. When you look at 2014 we actually increased the buyback by 1.25 billion to deal with the Time Warner Cable side. As we look at '15 we're at 4.25 billion that does include the 1.25 billion. But what we're really looking forward to is getting Time Warner Cable closed and the divesture transactions and we think the buyback for the full year 2015 could come in at close to $10 billion. In addition if we do get Time Warner Cable closed our leverage will pop up it will probably -- because we said this will be leverage neutral transaction which will probably put us in the 2 to 2.1 range which is slightly above what our target has been. So we're really looking at this somewhat as a two staged process for us and that’s really what the focus of our buyback has been. In addition from a dividend perspective we looked at it both in terms of our company today and if we are able to get to the merger complete obviously we will issuing some shares and those will have dividends as well. So we feel very good about our return of capital we think it's pretty aggressive for 2015.
Brian Roberts: We think Wi-Fi is a great asset. We have 8.3 million hotspots now including the in-home and outdoors. We think we are working on how we monetize that asset and bring it to market. As you know we have MVNO relationships with Sprint and Verizon and the use of Wi-Fi continues to go up about 70% of in-home and office it goes over Wi-Fi. And I think given the recent spectrum auctions, it shows that wireless seeks wired and just from a cost perspective and should we do believe in the asset and we will be working on the ways to bring it to market over the coming months.
Brian Roberts: No, I think we are still assessing possibilities and we will announce when we have got the product well refined and developed.
Brian Roberts: Why don’t I take the CapEx side the reality is I know we call it capital intensity but all CapEx is actually bad CapEx. If you go back to 2012 and look at our capital investment plan compared to 2014 about 75% of that increase is gone into what we call growth capital and that growth capital has just terrific return on invested capital for us. We look at it on a risk adjusted basis, we look at it on CLV, we look at it on just pure cash-on-cash and we are investing pretty heavily in some offensive areas like expanding business services great returns, deploying X1 great returns, putting additional Wi-Fi and wireless gateways as Phil mentioned which have a great returns on their own and I think sees us for different businesses that are attractive going forward. So we really look at where is the capital going, is the capital going to areas that are defensive or are they going to areas that are offensive and have terrific cash-on-cash returns. That being said there are some trends in our favor, we don’t give guidance long-term where you could see equipment cost coming down, you could see how the household architecture becomes less expensive but what we are really focused on right now is business services and X1 and a variety of areas that we think have just great cash-on-cash and great growth areas for us going forward. So to go from 13.9% to 14.5% with the vast majority being success oriented and growth oriented, we are pretty excited about making those investments which also has similar aspects to NBC on the Theme Parks we are delighted to make the investments in Theme Parks and the results speak for themselves.
Brian Roberts: Look I think and then Michael can comment as well, my view is until we see the order it is premature to speculate obviously my comments I just made about our view that we don’t believe Title II was the right answer, but if that is indeed what happens we will have to appropriately adjust and reflect on what the words are, what the specific details are, we are here heartened that there is at least the desire to forbear from things that would be a disincentive to invest but until we see a fine print I think we have to reserve judgment.
Brian Roberts: I would differ till we see the order but I think we do not want to be different than any other company in the industry and one of the things that we’ve said from the beginning is that the right place to have a review of broadband even if we don’t agree with the outcome of that review in all cases would be to effect all industries and all providers so that are on a level playing field as we go forward. So in our view our business is not in the same geography as Time Warner Cable we’re in different markets and the right way to look at the business I think is to look at the whole industry and look at all providers.
Brian Roberts: That is in my understanding of 25 is an aspirational goal it’s something that we have been fortunate to be investing all these years to bring fantastic broadband I think our results today and for the last several years have shown that that investment pays off and we’re hoping that when it’s all said and done there is going to continue to be incentives to want to make new investments and I think our motive had never been for some aggregation benefit actually in the broadband business but rather to continue to give consumers more and better usage. So when you go to the Consumer Electronics Show what you see are Internet of Things, Internet of Devices, you hear all the consumer electronics companies that they make smart devices that attach to intelligence in the cloud and if we can continue to have more bits be demanded by consumers that’s a great thing for those of us who are in the business of trying to innovate and build more capacity. And I think that’s the aspiration and I think that’s what our company has done well and we’re going to continue investing in that way if we’re able to.
Brian Roberts: I think it could be either one or both we think it’s as I said a great asset, clearly the world is becoming more mobile. We have our apps our video apps out in the mobile space and they're getting a lot of usage our My Account app for customer services had 41% of our customer relationships visitors in December. So we view the mobile world expanding as well as we're assessing the business opportunity clearly Wi-Fi is a great asset it's got a lot of carrying capacity and that as Brian just said the more bits that are travelling over a network the more buyable that Wi-Fi network connected to a wired network becomes. So it could be both of what you stated.
Brian Roberts: I'll take the Time Warner Cable one I mean I think that the team over there have a plan obviously we diligence that plan a while ago and it appears to us like they're trying to execute that plan. So obviously we don’t have as much insight as we would like. We hope they are successful in executing on their plan.
Brian Roberts: Why don’t I take the first one I know we've had a couple questions related to Wi-Fi or wireless and really I don’t think this is the point that we would want to be too open with what our wireless plans are going forward. We are investing in Wi-Fi, we think Wi-Fi has many benefits to our customers and we'll be pursuing that whether it can be mobile or how we think about the broadcast spectrum I think that’s still very much a work in process in our organization I think we have a lot of work internally to do to appropriately evaluate that. So I don’t want to spend too much time on it because from our standpoint we are working through all those issues and technologies internally.
Brian Roberts: I will take those in reverse I think the competitive landscape remains generally the same. There is quite a bit of promotional activity going on but we feel we are very competitive and I think our results show it. And we are competitive in terms of product we are offering as well as the offer itself and we are very focused on the retention end. Concerning the price increases, I think there will be modest price increases in line with previous years. I think in terms of maintaining margin a bigger factor is the mix of products where we get higher mix of business services HSD and those are higher margin products. So we feel we can offset the programming increases by improved mix and modest rate adjustments.
Michael Angelakis: Let me just finish on that with one other thought that I think the hardware cost in household are coming down overtime, we are seeing terrific capability increases, we are putting very capable devices and what’s happening is then fantastic response from consumers. In fact when I go to New York and LA people say how fast can I get X1 I wish I had it and that takes me to your second question, your first question which was the regulatory process. And all we can say is pretty much as we have said all along which is they are shot clock at the FCCs due to expire at the end of March lots of information gathering has been taking place and we continue to believe this is an approvable transaction and this week they will be dealing on the open Internet order as everyone knows and hopefully they will be able to turn attention to our transaction right thereafter.
Michael Angelakis: The only thing I would add Ben is obviously the uncertainty that Title II may provide I think does provide us with the opportunity for a higher degree of scrutiny on capital and broadband we really as Brian said need to look at the details but there will be some internal scrutiny here in terms of what our investment plans look like with broadband.
Michael Angelakis: The only thing I would add Brett is when you think about all the investment we've made in the Wi-Fi over the years and everything on our Cloud DVR and our TV Everywhere platform. The real goal has been that our customers can access their video any time anywhere whether in the home or outside the home. And we think Wi-Fi is a great delivery mechanism to expand that product. If Wi-Fi can also develop into a different type of service than that’s an added benefit to the Wi-Fi investment.
Michael Angelakis: And concerning DAI capabilities the back-end that inserts the ad dynamically was actually built by a cable consortium called Canoe the rates they charge are fairly immaterial because the primary objective was to get it to be used across all the networks. So we currently have the majority of the networks involved in it, and it’s gone very well and it is kind of found inventory where we can insert as pre post mid roll and we will continue to focus on improving DAI and getting more programming through it.
Michael Angelakis: But as you can imagine it’s a combination of both James, just probably 18 month ago we had literally zero penetration in the mid sized sector, so we invested in that area. Now we are still pretty small at 5% but growing nicely, so it’s really a combination of both.
Neil Smit: Well Ben, we’re very much focused on the on boarding process where our churn is 2 to 3 times higher the first 90 days and we want to get that experience right for the customer. We’re making things more convenient for the customer so we recently announced the UPS deal and I think boxes have then returned now to 90% of their 4,400 stores so the consumers are using that convenience. And we’re improving the tools that our employees are using so we rolled out Tech Finder we’ve got a customer effort index where we can look at how many times customers called or had service calls so we have got a lot of efforts going. The good news was in Q3 that our video results were driven primarily by reduced retention and Q4 excuse me and so we’re seeing retention improving and we’re going to keep driving the customer experience as our top initiative and it will be our best product.
Neil Smit: I think we don’t put out numbers on what we project for itself but we will continue to try and balance the sub volume mixture with the rate increases and I think that’s the delicate balance we are always trying to maintain which is rate and volume. And we think we are doing a pretty job of it I mean video loss has decreased 27% this year and we are going to keep focusing on balancing rate and volume.
Neil Smit: Business services, we don’t put out what the mix is of network expansion versus just growth on the network but about we are penetrated about 25% in SMB and 5% in mid market. Mid market growing at a increasing rate relative to SMB and we continue to expand the network as Michael said because it’s a great investment and then we try and put as many businesses on the network as we can, to get it denser. So overall we will continue investing in business services expansion and continue driving our mid market and SMB.
