Stephen Burke: So in terms of the investment, there's really 2 parts. The first is Broadcast, where for many months last year, you had either Leno up until the Olympics or repeats. This year, with the full year of 10:00 shows, you've got an investment there. We also have some other minor investments for a total of about $200 million in increased prime time investment if you look year-over-year. The real key to turning around NBC is not necessarily the increase in investment. The real key is making better shows. We're making about the same amount of pilots as last year, 21, which is up from 2 or 3 years ago, but about the same as last year. And it's really a matter of doing better and then of course, there is $200 million more of investment largely due to having a full year of 10:00 shows as opposed to the Jay Leno Show at 10:00. On the Cable side, I think we're going to be investing about $100 million more this year on new shows, and the way those new shows, the way the accounting works on those new shows is those new shows are negative in the year that they launched. And if they're good shows, they tend to be quite positive in subsequent years. So on the Broadcast side, about $200 million. On the Cable side, about $100 million.
Stephen Burke: Well, in terms of sports, I would start by saying we're in business to make money, and our approach is going to be disciplined. There will be instances where we get deals or renew deals, as was the case recently with hockey. There will be instances where we go as far as we feel we should go, and someone else gets the rights, which appears to be the case with the Pac-12. And as it relates to the Olympics or the NFL, we think those are 2 fantastic properties and would love to have them, but we'd like to make money. And there are a variety of ways you can make money, advertising or investing in a Cable channel that would allow you to get increased advertising or increased affiliate fees. But at the end of the day, we're not going to do anything that doesn't have the business plan that pencils out to a positive NPV [net present value].
Stephen Burke: So in terms of priorities, Jessica, I think you'd start with the Cable channels. Brian mentioned in his introduction, we have 16 national Cable channels and a 12 regional sports networks, and these are fantastic properties. And we've said this before, what we really bought when we did the deal for NBC universal was a bunch of very, very well run, very strong Cable channels. So I think priority number one is to make sure that those channels continue to get the investment they need, and continue to grow at the kind of high growth rates they have been, and I really want to highlight how great we feel about those channels now that we're inside the building as it were. Second big priority, we think the Broadcast business has tremendous upside for this company. We are underperforming relative to the other 3 of the big 4. Dramatically, many hundreds of millions of dollars worse than the other 3, both on the Network side and the Broadcast station side. And we look at that as a tremendous opportunity. You want to always sort of soften that optimism by the realization that it is a very tough business to turn around, and I think it is likely to take us a number of years to turn it around. But when we do, going from fourth to third, would be hundreds of millions of dollars of swing, positive swing in terms of EBITDA. So that is obviously a very high priority. We're going out to see Bob Greenblatt's first bunch of pilots. Brian mentioned the Voice, which I think we've been very fortunate the last 2 weeks. We may have a big building block that we can put in place and build on with some other pilots. But we're very optimistic, but tempered by the acknowledgment that it's going to be a multi-year process, but what we think it's a big opportunity. I haven't even mentioned retransmission consent and some of the other things that are on the horizon there. We also have a variety of opportunities and sort of priority investment areas in other parts of the business. Telemundo, we think, is a real opportunity area, internationally, you mentioned, Jessica, Digital. Just the year expense of properties that we have, and the ability to get those properties moving more quickly than they have been, we think is a real opportunity. And then finally, having the company work together as one unit. We have a saying that we're better together, and what we're really trying to do is make sure that when we have significant priorities like the Voice or a movie like Hop, that the entire company gets behind it, both the NBCUniversal side and very importantly, the Comcast side. And that's having all sorts of activities that really focus people in what is otherwise a very fragmented universe on one or 2 things, and we think that's going to be a big key to our success in the future.
Stephen Burke: In terms of the Cable affiliate growth of 13%, I think that will come down slightly, but still be quite strong, and not all that far off, that number for the year. And in terms of the upfront, I think most people that you've talked to who study the business would say that they feel both on the Broadcast and the Cable side, it is going to very a strong upfront. We're in an extremely strong scatter market, and the pattern, I think, is very similar to what you see at this point when the economy comes out of a tough recession, which I think should bode well for the upfront both on the Broadcast and the Cable side. Interestingly, when we did all of our projections for NBCUniversal, we assumed an advertising market that would be much lower than it was in 2010 and 2011, and looks like it will be in 2012. So I think our timing in terms of where the advertising market is was quite fortuitous.
Michael Angelakis: Yes, I would say on the commercial side, obviously, we watch what's been done. We have great opportunity on both the small side and the medium side. And I think we've talked about that at length in terms of how large those opportunities are, and what our existing market share is. So I think our team is totally focused right now on executing, in executing that both that growth and profitability ramp. And obviously, we're looking at things. But from our standpoint, we think the real focus is on executing the business plan in front of us on both the small side and medium side of the business.
Michael Angelakis: It's Michael, Craig, I think I'll take those. We're not breaking the 'Oh no's' at this point. We thought that we provided quite a bit of disclosure. Well, maybe in future days, we'll talk about it, but I think right now, we've nailed what the segments are going to do, how the segments will look, and I think most folks are quite comfortable with that. Again, in the future, we may talk a little bit more about it, but these are relatively small businesses. With regards to Universal Orlando, just to level set, I think everyone knows that we have a 50-50 joint venture with Blackstone. Blackstone's been in that transaction for a number of times, and have exercised a trigger. We haven't made any decisions at all. We will make a decision probably in another month or so. The business is well managed. It's growing nicely, as you can see from the numbers. But I just want to make sure folks are aware of that. When we do make a decision, strategically, it'll be the right one for us. And financially, it will be attractive. So I would just say stay tuned on that. With regards to cash taxes, we will benefit substantially on cash taxes this year due to the bonus depreciation. You'll start to see some of that in the next quarter and through the rest of the year. Cash taxes doesn't play a role in the first quarter, but it will in the second, third and fourth quarter. So there will be quite a meaningful benefit in 2011 related to bonus depreciation.
Michael Angelakis: Let me just clarify. That's for our calendar year. This is Michael. Just to make sure we're all clear, the $200 million and $100 million is for our calendar year.
Brian Roberts: I think first and foremost, we have a lot on our plate. We're very focused. I'm thrilled with how seamless the integrations appear to have been. I give Steve tremendous credit. But I think we still have a lot of work to do, and we know it. And secondly, I think we're disciplined and everything that we look at has to go through, primarily, a focus on -- is it going to be a great return for our shareholders and better than other alternatives? But I think we're very focused on what we've got, and I'm pleased it's such a good start.
Brian Roberts: On the SME space, Stefan, I think that we haven't seen any really significant changes to the trends. We offer a good value. I think our advertising has been very effective, kind of look at your bill, and the trends, we've ramped the business very nicely. Some of the things we've done recently is we've consolidated call centers who are getting more focused on how to handle a call than how to improve close rates there. But in terms of trends there, I haven't seen any notable changes.
Brian Roberts: Let me take a crack. This is Brian, and Michael, feel free to add. We're not currently engaged in any activity on the systems that have been reported. They're in different markets than we are. But generally speaking, I would stand by the answer that I gave earlier on the call, which is I think we feel really good about the company and we've got -- we've got a lot on our plate. You can't look at any one business, and not have a very financially disciplined approach to anything you do there. So I think we are -- very much have a plan for 2011 and beyond. And we want to go out and execute it. Regarding Netflix and other OVD business models, I defer to them to talk about their companies. I think we should focus on what we're doing. We have a fantastic High-Speed Data business. I just want to underscore, it hasn't really come up on the questions. In my opinion, a lot of discussion on the Video side of business and a great quarter there. But for me, to have more than 100% net add growth rate in the first quarter versus the first quarter last year tells you something very exciting is happening in that space. And I think the team is doing a great job with the XFINITY High-Speed Data service. And I think it also presents business opportunities for us on the NBC side and the NBC universal side in terms of re-purposing existing content. At the same time, we've been able to stretch our On Demand library by having catch-up, which I think, is a breakthrough kind of product where you know who's the viewer. And part of it is trying to create a sense of expectation that if there's a top show on television starting the next day, you can get it On Demand, and you can catch up if it's a new show, you discover you get all the 4 episodes that are most current. So a lot of progress, and I think by having the mix of assets we have, we're in a wonderful position to benefit as the world changes, and some of that change won't always be great for one piece of the company, but overall, in the totality of the Comcast shareholders, I think we're extremely well-positioned as the world continues to evolve.
Brian Roberts: Okay. So the $200 million and $100 million, as Mike mentioned, is full year, and that'll come in a lumpy fashion. Some quarters will be slightly higher than others as we launch our new shows. As it relates to the Film business, we think the size of the slate is about right. This quarter actually was more negatively affected by the fact that we launched a bunch of big films at the end of the quarter and in April, most notably, Hop and FAST FIVE. So the negative number in this quarter was primarily driven by that. But we did have some softness in the slate before we hit Hop and FAST FIVE, which obviously is a big hit. We're well aware of the challenges in the Film business, and the fact that the DVD business has declined. And that's responsible for -- part of our fault, but part of it is we need to make better films and that's a real area of focus for us as well. In terms of cost synergies, there's a lot of ins and outs, and there have been some minor areas of overlap where we've eliminated some positions. But basically, the assets are complementary, and most of the focus has been on ways to grow them.
