Michael J. Cavanagh: So on synergies, John, $500 million, it's the same categories, I'd say, that we flagged that we expected to see when we did the 2.4. But it's about $300 million of expense side, $200 million of revenue synergies. On the expense side, just think about the amount of third-party spending the two businesses at our scale does. And then the ability to get some efficiencies across the two companies in some of the more administrative and production side of things. All that $300 million represents such a small percentage of the overall expense base that we're not too – we're confident that's gettable, as we said earlier. And then on the revenue side, it's again $200 million. When you think, again, about the ability to add to the power of monetization of Sky content in the U.S. and to some degree NBC content elsewhere, together with the strength of what we can do in producing new originals together is what gets you to those combined $500 million or so.
Michael J. Cavanagh: Sure. I don't really have much to add to what I earlier said. I mean, obviously any comment like that is subject to facts and circumstances at the moment. But since I have been getting the question about would we or wouldn't we in a variety of different possible scenarios, I guess, in people's minds, just want to make personally the point that I don't see us using stock at these levels. So that's the point I was making earlier, really in response to a question that I have been getting. In terms of does that necessarily mean we can't do anything, no, because the follow-through on that is the strength of our balance sheet and the history of being able to take advantage of the strength we keep in our balance sheet if something makes sense, which just ties back into what Brian said earlier about how we look at opportunities. And we are trying to always consider situations where if we can add value on top of the existing business, we view it as our job to try to do that. I wouldn't throw out any parameters for where we would or wouldn't go, other than the idea would be we like the leverage that we have and the strength of the balance sheet. And would be intent if we ever temporarily increased our leverage to bring it back to the neighborhood it's been operating in in a reasonable period of time.
Michael J. Cavanagh: So, Jon, it's Mike. I'll start and then I'll let Dave take over. But I actually feel pretty good about the 198,000, I think, line adds to close to 600 (46:40) thus far. We feel pretty good about the launch. But in terms of the expenses, the $189 million of EBITDA losses, in line with what we had guided. We had several hundred million of losses last year. It will be a few hundred more this year. And that is really as we are acquiring customers and ramping the business. We also have to cover expenses of just getting a business started, from marketing departments, technology departments, the like, just core infrastructure. We will get some benefit in our deal with Charter of bearing some of those costs together. And in terms of where we go from here, I'll let Dave comment. But as we always said, when we get to scale in the business, we'll be able to cover those costs and be NPV-positive on a per-customer basis once we get to scale.
Michael J. Cavanagh: Sure. It's Mike. I'll start out. So as we said, we expected programming costs to come down to historical levels in this year after the couple of years of big renewals. So we're back in the land of regular escalators. And as I said earlier, that combined with some of the shift in mix of our customer base and some of the reductions in subs deflates the growth rate down, as a result, a little bit below the historical levels. So that's programming. We'll probably see trends similar for the remainder of this year, it's safe to say. And we'll come back next year with further annual guidance, but that's just on programming costs. And I'll let Dave comment on the competitive landscape on vMVPDs.
Brian L. Roberts: Okay. Well, thank you, Craig. Let me start by saying, because there has been some commentary around this question of strategic intent, is that love our core businesses. And anybody who is viewing this as some divergent from that is not reading us properly in my judgment. We didn't choose to put Sky in play or any other asset in play. That event happened around us. And the question is, do we take a look at it and engage? And as we have done the work and in M&A generally, as Mike just articulated, and I tried to earlier, what are the reasons to do it and what are the reasons not to do it? And we look at all of that. And we think we are disciplined. We think we have a great track record. Nobody is perfect. But I go back to NBCUniversal and say we didn't have to do that. And at the time, there was what's the strategic rationale and other things. In the end, you want to buy it right, you want to operate it right, and you want to make a strategy and a growth trajectory for your company that's better than without it. And that's how you build an organization over 50 years. And so in the question of scale and looking at the future, again, I don't think we have to do this. I don't think international is broadly is a strategy. I think it is a unique asset in Sky's case that fits well within the mix of businesses we have already got, and is aligned with our existing strategy of integrating content and distribution. And a benefit is that you will get new geographies and additional scale, which gives you optionality for future things to consider, not a requirement or a necessity.
Brian L. Roberts: Yeah, I don't think we have any news today on that. When we're ready to talk about that, we will. But I think Dave's answer was pretty complete earlier on our view of 5G. Thanks.
Brian L. Roberts: Well, first off, on gigabit, yeah, it is too early to talk about it. But we're primarily focused on just getting it rolled out. So that's the main thing, and putting it in a premium position. So it's a little early to talk about customers. On the Charter...
Brian L. Roberts: So in terms of Charter, the aspect that you are talking about is still in effect and through May. But this agreement that we just talked is really for the operational partnership. And that's going to be the relationship that will carry forward.
Brian L. Roberts: Okay. And I just would add that I think great collaboration between ourselves and Charter and we'll keep informing you as that goes forward. But I just want to end by saying, Dave, you are doing a great job. Steve, the team is off to a strong start in the year. And we're looking forward to a great 2018. Thank you all for your support.
David N. Watson: Well, Ben, first off, I think you go through competitive cycles. And certainly we saw that earlier with AT&T moving more of their DSL footprint over. Once these adjustments happen, you level off. We make some adjustments to how we go to market and then there is sort of the new normal that exists. And what we are seeing is we have great momentum. We really like the trajectory of our broadband business. So we had a good result, as you all saw with the 379,000 new high-speed customers. And we think there is more room here. There's more room in share, there's more room in terms of how we approach the marketplace. So when you look at – Mike and Brian talked about the overall market growth in terms of broadband, in terms of homes passed. From our standpoint, when you go up against a lower-end broadband, I mean, how we are talking about how we compete, we talk about connected devices, how much consumption is going on. And our focus on providing a superior speed, coverage, and controlled answer to the broadband marketplace, I think, is working. So from our standpoint, you go through it and there's an opportunity to win some customers back that maybe are testing the waters. But I think our network is really designed and has great opportunities to scale around this new market. We increase the capacity every 18 to 24 months. And so I just feel that not all broadband networks are created equal. We have a great network designed, I think, to help us compete with more consumption. And in 5G, we're paying close attention to it. We are testing our own results in terms of what this can do. And we still feel that I think it could be a good opportunity for a mobile network provider to enhance their mobile applications and mobile service. It's a different question around whether or not it can – what it's going to – what they will do in terms of fixed broadband. So our focus, whether it's Verizon or whoever, is to continue to build out our network. We're very focused around broadband. We are going to test opportunities with 5G. But we are not going to stand still. We are going to continue to enhance our network capabilities. And you look at in terms of just overall consumption, just at a high level, you look at the top 10% of our customers, just how much they use, they are using 20 or more connected devices. And it's a tremendous amount of consumption that we have. And I think that's where the market is going. There is going to be more consumption, more connected devices. And so our focus is to provide the best in-home solution. And we will see what happens with 5G, but in the current spectrum use, the current way they are looking at it, I'm still very confident of our ability to compete.
David N. Watson: Well, so on – as Mike said, I think we're off to a really good start in mobile. It is early, launched last May. I think the consumer response to the choice of By the Gig or Unlimited is working. And it's still early in terms of how we expand distribution. And you mentioned kind of where we're at with that. We've launched now completely our retail stores. We didn't have to add a lot of retail stores, we just converted our existing stores and providing the capability to sell mobile in them. So that's going very well. We continue to press, I think, a very good digital solution. And we're just now beginning to package mobile solutions with broadband with other options. So I think it's relatively early, but we like the early trajectory of that. On Charter, just one other comment, given the amount of alignment and how we both look at the business, this is just, I think, a really logical next step. And so, as Mike mentioned, it helps us reduce costs. But I think it's even more than that. It's a really – it has the potential to be a really good operational partnership. We're both focused on back-office operations, really critical to how you scale this new business. And having Charter at the table thinking through the right answers to how we scale it, I think, is going to be a good help. So it reduces costs, it's efficient, it's a good thing. But I'm real pleased that we were able to bring this partnership forward.
David N. Watson: Well, no question, it's a competitive landscape. And don't see that changing, but we anticipated this as we saw it, thus your point on Instant TV, very much in line with our approach towards segmenting the marketplace. So still early on Instant TV. But again, similar to the question on broadband, once you see a fundamental shift in competition and the new – the virtual folks as they build a little bit of scale and get some customers, you have a real opportunity to win them back. And so our focus is to segment the marketplace. But our approach is to lead with the best-in-class video solution in X1 with broadband. We package, it gives the customer the best overall value when you do that. But part of this anticipated new competitive – more competitive landscape in video, we've continued to shift towards our connectivity business. And that has been absolutely part of our planning. As we look at the shift, it drives growth, both business services residentially, business services growing at almost 12%. There are share opportunities. Our focus is very much centered on broadband. When we start a package sale, when we talk to customers, we lead with broadband. And then we complete the package from that point on. This is how we're going to compete and win, I think, in the marketplace. And you look at the overall opportunity, we are generating nearly $24 billion in this connectivity business in annualized revenue. It's growing at 10%. This is where our focus is. We will not – we're going to continue to compete in video, and I think that we'll see how things play out. We're not going to just stop competing. We're going to absolutely be aggressive. But our focus has shifted towards the connectivity business.
David N. Watson: So on broadband, Phil, in terms of rates, I would say at the highest level, we see that there is a real opportunity not just in share, but also in terms of how you reasonably price things. Our focus is to innovate. Just as we did with X1, we have really ramped up the ability years ago, focusing on mesh WiFi, great speeds, and then better control through the xFi app. And so I think when you do all these things, it adds up to just a really compelling value proposition where you can reasonably price and then compete with a superior broadband product. So I think that, again, not all broadband networks are created equal. If you are providing a better solution in broadband, your pricing can reflect that. So we're getting share, we can price reasonably. We are comfortable with that approach. And so in terms of wireless, I think it's too early. We just introduced the bring your own device. We like it. It's operationally working well. But it's a little early to go into any detail in terms of the usage metrics and the follow-up around that. But we'll get back to you over time on that.
