Dave Watson: Thanks, Brian. Hello, Ben. So, I think, clearly, the video marketplace is almost everyday evolving. From our perspective, we have invested in a video – broad video platform capability that, I think, gives us a lot of options and can give customers a lot of choice that we want to deliver to the customer what they want and a video experience. So, we segment the marketplace, we break it down. We’ve been doing that for some time. And as Brian said, we anticipated a lot of these changes. So for customers that want the full experience, that want all the channels, that want the video on demand, DVR capability and apps, and as Brian talked about the ability to seamlessly connect all of that, we have that one. We also now, I think, are very uniquely positioned to go after the streaming segment with flex. And the best example, I think of our position in the marketplace with video, when you combine it with broadband; we’re surrounding broadband with a lot of video capability, and we’re streaming and peacock, we’re giving them the best of aggregation, rate streaming options. So, we’re going to break down the marketplace continue to compete, and deliver to customers what they want. So, I think that will continue word or we feel that this is a sustained competitive difference that we have, and we’ll go to where the customer wants to go. And in terms of whether it’s more profitable outcome for us, then we’ll be in different if they want streaming capability with flex, we’re going to be right there to deliver that.
Dave Watson: Thanks, Brian. Hi, Doug. So, just one other comment on the Flex side of things with our partners. So, we have a really solid syndication business, great distribution partners. In the U.S., Canada, looking elsewhere and Flex most certainly is on the roadmap for all of our partners so. And it gives us the option of being able to work with device participants, smart TV folks, and others to be able to have it be a software solution. So, we’ll look at all options going forward. In wireless, so we’re – in general, we’re pleased with where we are, in many quarters in a row, we’re delivering material amount of the net ads in our footprint. And so we’re on track, having said that with retail, we chose the shutdown to retail stores, and it could – chunk of the country that did have an impact. We’ve reopened them, as Mike said, and we really feel that we’re committed to accelerating the wireless business, it’s a really important product for us going forward and it – we’ll be focused not just on retail. We think digital still has great promise and we’re already seeing as we put our shoulder to bringing things back some real early stage success in terms of what mobile can do. The results again, still relatively early, but we’d really like the retention benefits to broadband as we package them with it, a lot of options. We do triple play with mobile now. We use it to package just with broadband, very focused across all of our sales channels. And it really comes down to that, I mean, the three things that we’re focused on. One is that we have access to really great network with Verizon. We have the ability to cut across all technologies including 5F. So, we’ll give the customers what they want there. We can leverage our own investment in the home with WiFi; outside the home with most of the broadband, the cell phone, smartphone traffic goes over our WiFi network. So, it’s a great combination of the two. And then over time, I think we’re going to be uniquely positioned to leverage the potential for building out in dense pockets wireless capability to give us a more efficient way of delivering mobile. So – but overall, we think that this is an important opportunity for us long-term, still feel that way, right on track with where we want to be. We want to be a little bit more aggressive and that’s on the roadmap.
Dave Watson: Well, Craig, Dave here. So in broadband, yes, let me start with what we’ve been seeing and we’ve been seeing consistent momentum now for a while. Well, before COVID it’s been rock solid in terms of this momentum is our focus. We, every day wake up to thinking about, how we, Brian mentioned, we innovate, go to market. So this is and we’re talking about a marketplace and perhaps speaks to across the board as all boats rise, but the markets growing, continues to grow and you look at our position at 51% penetration. There’s upside, a lot of upside. So, I look at where it comes from and the good news is, it’s been relatively consistent, maybe, a few new opportunities enter the picture through the COVID period, but it’s across the board in terms of where we’re taking share on the frontend combining that with record churn results in the net ads, but we’re taking share from Telco wired participants, DSL, MDU competitors, mobile providers, those kind of across the board in many different segments. So, a lot of opportunity in the formula, Craig is the – I think, the consistent one. We look to have a sustained competitive difference, delivering just a better product in the marketplace, better speed, better coverage, better feature capability. And now with streaming and then you combine that with Peacock, and other apps by the way, all the other apps that come connected by Flex. I think this is a really good long term competitive formula. So it’s across the board. There’s upside. Good runway for broadband, I believe going forward. Regards to wireless and Apple, we’re excited about their product launches. We’re well positioned with 5G. And so as that begins to take off, early feedback we’re getting from prospects and customers existing customers, and it’s very solid. So, we get prepared just like everyone else. All the other carriers in terms of these launches work very closely with Apple, but we have a full supply chain plan, go to market approach. And so we’re we were optimistic about it. It’s happening a little later in this year than last year. But that’s okay, that’ll just be a nice opportunity for later on the quarter into next year.
Dave Watson: Yes, absolutely. Brian, I think, Phil, the main point is, we really like our current position. We have a go to market, we’re still unique in that and other cable partner target us the same thing, where you have by the gig, that unlimited options. So, we like our current position. And as you look to the future, as we look to the future, with the spectrum, then you have an opportunity to look at dense pockets of usage, and then just build a more efficient long-term delivery system. So, we’ll – we don’t have to rush to do that. We’re going to – we’re looking at it from an engineering perspective. And we’ll be opportunistic down the road. But right now, we really like our current position.
