Neil Smit: Yes. On the Business Services side, we are pleased with the growth. We've been focusing primarily on the SMB business. And as that business has scaled, we see margins that are higher than our residential side. Going forward, we're really investing right now into PRIs, the Metro-E business and the cell backhaul towers. We've now got PRI available on about 90% of our footprint. The Metro-E is over half of our footprint, and we increased our cell backhaul towers by about 80%. I think, Jessica, to answer your question, we will be seeing those returns over the next couple years. We're making the investment now for the longer-term growth.
Neil Smit: Yes, Jason. First off with the All-Digital rollout, we've seen very good success with that and good returns on our investment there. People are buying more VOD, more PPV, and so that's been a good return. And we're seeing less expenses as we've seen fewer truck rolls and less theft of service. Concerning boxes, we have about 2.5 per household now. I think it's important to note that as we roll it out, we give one set-top box and then one DTA, which enables us to extend some of those advanced services.
Neil Smit: Yes, I think the primary factor was the one you mentioned, John, which was DTV. In the second and third quarters where we had the majority of the impact, about 50% of our losses were B1 losses. Over the year, it was about 40%. I think in the economy, it hasn't been a major factor. We haven't seen major changes. I think we are pleased as we saw more Advanced Services boxes. So we managed ARPU up at about 5.6%, and we're just going to continue to execute better. I think on the execution, it's a matter of managing rate volume, getting better products out the door and improving our service.
Neil Smit: Well, we don't have plans right now for usage-based pricing, Craig. I think that we, going forward, we continue to experiment with different prices and plans. We have done the instrumentation of the business, which is really the long pole in the tent, getting the meters in place, which we think are beneficial to the customers. They can see what they are consuming and ensuring the billing connections are made. But right now, we have no plans. We're pleased to have rolled out the $9.95 plan. We think that's good for the public, and we believe it'll be well received.
Neil Smit: On the pricing, Vijay, we're kind of focusing it on different segments, get different rates based on their package. I think I'd say that it's generally in line with other MSO pricing. We're really focused on the retention side of the business as well. As people come off our promo roll offs, how much we step them and how different segments get managed. So we've had seen good luck. I think churn was down on all three of our product lines in the fourth quarter, and that was due to both better execution on the retention side, I think as well as better service focus.
Neil Smit: With regards to Internet and phone costs, I think that speaks to how we're leveraging investments. We've made a lot of investments in the network, and we're realizing the benefits of some of those right now. And while a lot of the costs have come down, I think we'll continue to look for efficiencies. I'm pleased with the business focus on both growing the top line as well as managing the expenses. And we'll seek that balance going forward.
Neil Smit: With regards to sub trends, I think it's too early in the quarter to really speak to those. I think it's really going to be all about disciplined execution. We're focused on marketing investments and the right sorts of segments and investments across the different channels. We want to continue to get good products out the door on a frequent basis and a timely basis, and it's going to be a lot of day-to-day block and tackle on the service side. So it's really about just focused execution.
Neil Smit: On the IP side, I'm sorry. On the IP side, we've been doing some work on that over the last almost two years. We understand what it would take to do it. The good news is it would be over DOCSIS, which is not a very inefficient way of doing it, but we're understanding more about how to do it and what it would entail from a network perspective.
Brian Roberts: We feel comfortable in the midsized business. And that's been an area where we continue to take share, and we believe we can continue to take share.
Brian Roberts: I can't speak to the run rates really, but I think we're executing better overall. I think on HSD, we've got a better product, and people want a better product because we're seeing more bandwidth consumption. On the telephony, it rounds out the Triple Play, and we're seeing about -- we’re up to about 33% of our customers taking Triple Play. So I think the suite of products and then complementing that with Business Services and ad sales is a great place to be.
Brian Roberts: I just want to add and then go to Neil. We talked to a lot of investors, we get many different views passed between dividends and buybacks, and those that love leverage and some who do not. And we try to find an approach that we're comfortable with. We accessed the capital markets last year for $14 billion. We had a really great year with historically low rates. And I think it was very important to us at the beginning of the year to announce that we are increasing both the dividend and accelerating the buyback while at the same time, having closed one of the largest transactions in the company's history. And we really believe that it sets the stage. Mike's approach is -- this is an annual conversation, and we're able to be excited about 2011. And we think we're off to a good start with the new deal and with the new year.
Brian Roberts: Yes, on the ARPU side, I think we continue to see good growth. They're up 10.6% this quarter. I think that's due to a few things. One is we've taken the rate increases over a larger percentage of our footprint than we did in '09. The second thing is we're seeing a better mix of products. So we're seeing more HSD and phone, and there are more people taking the Triple Play. In the quarter, we saw a very strong growth of people upgrading to Triple Play because they see the value of it. We'll continue to focus on managing rate and volume, which I think is the delicate balance that we continue to maintain, and we'll continue to focus on that. With regards to commercial competitiveness, I think we saw great opportunity in SMB, and we'll continue to focus on that. It's a large channel. We have the capacity in place. I think in any new rollout into a segment or a sector, there's good growth in the beginning. And I think we're seeing that on the midsized business side. We have to build the capabilities of addressing that, the sales force, the back office system, but we're seeing good growth opportunity there right now.
Michael Angelakis: Sure. I think what I said on the call is we close the deal, and our leverage on a pro forma basis is around 2.4x, Craig. And we've reiterated our target is between 2 to 2.5x. So we feel, as you can hear from the call, pretty comfortable with how the operations are performing, and that led us to increase the dividend, as well as to accelerate the buyback. So we're really looking at our financial strategy per se on sort of a year-by-year basis. And we feel good about performance, and that led us to increase the dividend and buyback. And we think we are within the zone of our target for leverage right now, Craig.
Michael Angelakis: No, well, I don't think we really see that. I think the tax break will end up being a lower effective tax rate. Our tax rate has been sort of in the 41%, 42% range, and I think we'll end up with NBC having a slightly lower tax rate. So I don't see it exactly as you see it, and we're working through all the finer details right now of the purchase price accounting. But we're not seeing it end up in any way that you just described.
Michael Angelakis: So, Jason, I'll take the metrics question. We are shrinking the share count. We've actually been pretty consistent over quite a few years in terms of buying back stock, and the dividend has been in place since 2008, and we've consistently increased it. In fact, I think we were the first of our peers to increase, to actually have a dividend. So we are shrinking the share count. I think that when we look at our peers, and we look at our peers in terms of in our industries with regards to our market cap, with regards to our investment grade rating. And we look at our leverage, and we look at our payout ratios, we are right smack in the middle of where we think we should be with regards to our dividend yield, with regards to our dividend payout yield, whether it's on free cash flow or net income, as well as with our leverage ratios. So one thing we are doing is really focused on is free cash flow. And you can see from one of the slides how we've grown free cash flow pretty substantially since 2007 and been able to buy back stock at the same time and grow free cash flow per share I think pretty nicely where many of our peers I think would be enviable of that growth. So I think we're focused on a pretty balanced capital allocation strategy.
Michael Angelakis: Yes, so it's interesting, James, interesting question. I think we have played a lot of offense with our investments. Although our capital intensity in terms of percentages as well as dollars have come down, I really think we've been aggressive in terms of making pretty smart investments whether it's All-Digital, which we talked about, or DOCSIS 3.0 or VOD or XFINITY. And certainly, we're investing a lot in the small and medium-sized business with the medium being relatively new. And now we've got cell backhaul and Metro Ethernet, which Neil talked about. So I don't really see any large, large categories that we're not investing in. I think we're really got an ROI focus, and I think we're playing offense with our capital in trying to be as efficient as we can. So we're looking around the table. I don't think we're missing much.
Michael Angelakis: I'll take the leverage one. First and foremost, we're really focused on execution. So I think Steve mentioned earlier how he's focused on the execution and Neil as well. So from an M&A standpoint, I don’t think we see anything of any significance. With regards to leverage, we're at 2.4x. The 60% commitment from free cash flow, when you add on top of that our principal payments, we made $1 billion principal payment last month. We have $750 million due next month, and you look at those two particular payments combined with the increase in the dividend and the buyback, all that adds up to about 90% of our free cash flow. So we'll delever a little bit during 2011, not a whole heck of a lot. But we'll still be right in the middle of where our target is in terms of leverage. So again, I think we are trying to keep a very measured and balanced capital allocation strategy, and we're in this for the long term.
