Brian Roberts: Okay. Well, there’s a lot of stuff in there Jessica. So, let me begin by just saying that of course, we’re disappointed, but it was a unique kind of one-off situation as we all replay what happened and proud of the company, proud of the effort, but really, really we’ve moved on. And so, my top three priorities start with execution, and if you look at this quarter, if you look at last year, and I hope we look at the future, it wont’ always be perfect, but Neil congratulations for really the whole team staying focus in the very trying situation. The announcements that we’ll make at the convention about service, about organic growth, those are the priorities, really X1 what else can it do, how can we roll it faster and get it to more customers. And I look at what Steve, also great quarter, and I think setting us up for record performance in film, and we just can’t say enough great things about what’s happening in the Theme Park business. But the core television side, you know, we are the upfront coming, advertising. Steve can talk about some of the priorities and details. But if I’ve to pick one thing, I would say, is continue to make the experience if you are a Comcast customer better all the time, and that’s across the Board. And I think we’re doing that and have been doing that and we have a real plan to execute in the future. So, in terms of other things that could come along, I believe we have a very special company and so many different businesses. We’re always open minded. We’ve always been, however, I think extremely disciplined and focused on building shareholder value. And right now, we’re back to the work and there’s nothing that I could think of that we don’t have on our plate that I’m excited about. Steve.
Brian Roberts: At this point we’re not focused on either those two scenarios you just outlined. I don’t what is or is not possible each time you go its unique conversation. But right now, I think we like our Company’s assets and we’re don’t have any conversations in that regard.
Brian Roberts: And let me just pile on a little bit. Obviously, over the last 12 months, Telcos continue to overbuild us and right now we’re at about 56% overbuilt by the Telco community. That number was just under 50% 12 months ago. So to put on 199,000 customer relationships and perform the way we did across the board with having increase promotional competition as well as more overbuilt, I think the Cable team just did a great job.
Brian Roberts: Let me start, kick over the Steve. I don’t think we have any new statements to make today. I think its – you characterize the situation in the market and we’ll just have to see what each company pursues in their conversations or any actions they make, but I think NBC has put out its own press release, Steve if you want to add to that.
Brian Roberts: So if you look at the activity that has taken place at NBCUniversal over the last four years, we’ve made major, major changes at all levels of the organization restructuring the company, grouping like business under business heads. And then, once you do that grouping going through and making sure that you eliminate redundancy and inefficiency. If you look at Cable, we now have all of our Cable entertainment under Bonnie Hammer, for example, if you look at ad sales we use to have different ad sales groups for broadcast, cable and digital. They are now all operating under Linda Yaccarino; Mark Lazarus has all of sports. So he’s got NBC Sports, NBC Sports Network, Golf, all the regional sports businesses. So, we’ve put like kind groups together and I think that has a benefit of giving you more sort of management leverage and putting those businesses together realizing synergies, it also sometimes allows you to take costs out of the business because you’ve got people who are doing essentially the same thing who are know part of a group. So we’ve done a lot of that and we’re going to continue to do that. By the way we -- I think are constantly looking at ways to make the business more efficient, but we’ve done a lot of that already.
Brian Roberts: And I think the capital allocation question I want to eco what Michael said earlier on the buybacks and our view of the health of Company’s financial position. And I think as we look to invest first observation, the $4 billion doesn’t go out the door in one day. It can happen any quicker than couple of years without a new conversation, but I think it will be probably even be longer than that. So I don’t think its will really have material change to trajectory of how we’re running the company and I think the way I look at is we’re planning seeds where future growth accelerators for the company and really optimistic to do that.
Brian Roberts: Yes let me, again we don’t have any new news or even new focus today. I do think as Steve said the international results at NBCUniversal have been really strong and quite of what’s helping our growth. So it clearly we now have products, we have opportunities internationally that we never had before buying NBCUniversal Michael’s new company is going to have an opportunity to look at things from all over the world. But I think our number one focus and just want to make sure if you hear it is the kind of results that we posted in the first quarter here its staying focused, not taking our eye of the ball, looking at how to accelerate this great X1 experience for customers improving customer service every quarter which we did in the last quarter, but we know we can continue to have a lot of news and talk about that at the cable convention and continuing to you know onboard the great products that we’ve got in the company and get them to more consumers. So good quarter and thank you to the team for making it happen. Jason.
Steve Burke: So, if you go back to four years ago when we bought the company, the Theme Parks were making about $400 million a year. And right after we showed up Blackstone, we had a buy-sell agreement -- buy-sell situation with Blackstone and we ended up buying out their 50% of the Orlando Parks for about $1 billion. If you move forward to today, this year the Theme Park should do over a $1.3 billion in operating cash flow, we’re only a third of the way through the year so we’ll see how the rest of the years go, but they are off to a very, very good start, and we see the Theme Parks now is a very big and very important part of our company. There are about 20% -- 20%, 25% of our operating cash flow, and we see many, many years ahead of us of growth. Our strategy is very simple. We’re going to invest in greater tractions, probably about one a year at each of our major Theme Park locations. We think we have a fantastic creative group led by Mark Woodbury who – they are coming up with really cutting-edge, great, very modern terrific attractions, and then we are also thinking Orlando that we are significantly under hotel-ed, guests who stay on property, tend to stay. Their length of stay in the Theme Parks increases by a day and we did a study that showed us that we can have many more hotel rooms that we have. So, we’ve recently opened a lot of hotel rooms, but you’ll see a very significant hotel build out in Orlando over the next five or so years. And we think if you look at our Company holistically with illumination led by Chris Meledandri making great animated films that can travel to the Theme Parks and all the other things that come out of our movie studio that we have the ability holistically that create great IT, and see that IT go into our Theme Parks and help, drive the future. So Theme Parks I think when we first showed up, we’re something that came with the rest of the company, and now they’re right at the core of what we’re all about and we think provide a tremendous growth opportunity.
Steve Burke: Okay. Well, let me start. I’m thrilled with the partnership with Michael and we’ll definitely find ways to give reports as it progresses. But if you back to his life before Comcast, the track record was stellar returns for many, many years and projects that are in and around our space but not directly in the center of what Comcast would do by itself. So, we by virtue of relationships or by the nature of things we can do is we see a lot of opportunities that we don’t execute on that have prove to be some fantastic returns and some not so fantastic return. If you’re looking up to have someone who can build the management team like Mike will, hopefully and I believe with outstanding judgment we will find a way to add to the returns that Comcast is otherwise getting for shareholders. And I think it will create potential for businesses down the road that Comcast may want to own and outright. So, we think we thought that all through. It’s been very much part of the structure. We think we have a really great deal for the company side and I think Mike has a chance to now build a fleet entrepreneurial organization that within enviable situation compared to many of its other kinds of companies out there, but I don’t think it’s anything quite like this. So we’re very excited and wish him incredible success on behalf of all of us.
Steve Burke: So the strong dollars obviously effecting any of our – any of the dollars that we’re brining back to the United States from the movie and television businesses that we distribute around the world and despite the strong dollar we’ve had the most successful film in our history with Fast and Furious 7 which actually the benefit of which is in the second quarter, not the first quarter, but we’re currently standing it over a $1.4 billion in Worldwide Box Office and that would be pretty significantly higher if the dollar wasn’t so strong. As it relates to Orlando, we’ve really seen no impact from the strong dollars. It’s very difficult to tell because our attendance is up so dramatically when your attendance is up 25%, it’s basically coming from everywhere including international and we’ve very, very strong Latin American business and European businesses. So we lap ourselves with Harry Potter this summer and would anticipate that the overage or the increase in attendance to decline, but we don’t think that internationals is going to be the kind of drag that is noticeable because we’re on such run and we’re sort of growing the overall business and a piece of that is international, but big piece of that is local, domestic and far away domestic as well
Neil Smit: Hi, Craig, it’s Neil. On the enterprise space we’ve already begun working with a number of enterprise players in the financial industries and the food industries and number of others. So, we build that capability. We’re working with some cable – other cable operators to fill in some of the territory that we don’t have to serve the needs of the larger customers but we’ve got a channel if you were already established. So, we think there’s lot of upside opportunity there. In the wireless space, we’ve been spending a bit building out our Wi-Fi network. We’ve got $8.6 million hotspots. We have the MVNO agreements with Sprint and Verizon. We don’t have anything to announce right now. We’re still working on our wireless strategy and how that will manifest itself, but we feel that Wi-Fi are – it’s a very strong and powerful assets that we will be looking into the best way to leverage going forward
Neil Smit: I think Q1 was fairly aggressive quarter from a discounting perspective. There were number of orders out with gift cards and discount on the triple-play and the double-play that were lower than what we’ve seen. However, we felt we competed well really what drove our video numbers, the big driver there was improved retention especially we have a non-pay side, so we were better quality customer and retaining them. So, we feel good about video quarter. Highest growth rate in a couple of years and we didn’t chase low end subs.
Neil Smit: On your broadband question, so broadband in fact surpass video in terms of the number subs. It’s a less mature market, so we think there is room for growth. We believe we’re increasing share and the market is growing. We do target HSD to satellite video households where we can use HSD as a foot in the door and that expand the relationship from there. The on-campus product and Internet Plus are examples of where we’re segmenting the market. On-campus being the college student and Internet Plus being millennials with either -- in case Internet Plus it’s a relatively high-speed video product with B1 and premium and a the case of the Campus products its streaming service to the dorm room in effect. The other thing I’d say about broadband is the Wi-Fi network continues to build out and that’s open up opportunities to other products like streaming video to any IP device in the home or to the XFINITY home product. We now have open 500k XFINITY home customers and that business is really starting to catch-up.
Neil Smit: And I just eco, that the X1 acceleration is core to our plans. We still see voluntary churn rates, 20% to 30% lower VOD buy rates, 20% to 30% higher, higher DVR penetration, more additional outlets. So the ARPU per X1 customers is significantly better than the legacy systems. In terms of over the top we feel as Brian said, very comfortable on our footprint. We’ve got lot of penetrations still to go and we’ll be focusing there.
Neil Smit: Yes, this is Neil. On Title II, it really hasn’t affected the way we’ve been doing our business or will do our business. We believe in the on open internet and while we don’t necessarily agree with the Title II implementation we conduct our business the same way we always have transparency and you know non-paid peering [ph] and things like that. I think how it will emerge remains to be seen. We’ve been flexible in our packaging with HSD, we’ve invested significantly in our capacity and we’ll continue to do so, and that includes both the – we’d launch a 2 gigabit speed, 2 gigabit symmetrical speed recently. We’re rolling that out across 18 million homes by the end of the year and we’ve got the fastest in-home Wi-Fi router. So, the broadband in terms of pricing will remain market flexible. We are already balancing rate and volume and packaging in different ways, so it will – at the markets the way I describe it.
Neil Smit: Consumption patterns continue to go up, we increased 40% to 50% of capacity consumption going up with that amount per year and we haven’t seen a dramatic change in that but we’ll continue to invest, we doubled our capacity every 18 months and we see don’t see that flowing down in the near term
Michael Angelakis: Good morning, Phil, its Michael. I really wouldn’t look as a catch-up in any way. I think we do this as you know. Annually, we look at where we think the stock price is. What are capital investment plan is? Where we think our leverage is? And I think the $2.5 billion simply reflects a balance of a couple of items. One is, we firmly believe the stock is under valued so therefore having a buyback makes a lot of sense. I think two, we are really have a pretty robust capital investment plan, so the way I look at it is we’re playing offense. And I would say, number three we are at the high-end of the range with regards to our leverage target. We’re coming in approximately at year-end where we think we want to be approximately two times. So when you put all those factors together those are the numbers that we think make sense. And I think we’ll address 2016 next January or February.
Michael Angelakis: And let me just talk about write-offs for a second which I think, Marci, putting a finer point on your question. What constantly evaluating the assets that NBC is producing on the content side and frankly constantly taking some write-downs to the extent that they’re unsuccessful. So it’s not like we do it every couple of a years. We’ve done at right from the start and its sort of a constant evaluation process that companies goes through.
Michael Angelakis: Jason, I’ll take the cash point. I think you know we really don’t provide multi-year sort of forecast on where we think cash is going. But the reality is the company is generating cash for providing the vast majority of it back to shareholders in both the form of dividends and buybacks, and we increased the dividend about 11% a few months ago and now we are continuing to increase the buyback pretty significantly. So as we go forward I think that sort of an annual review, the annual review is where do we think, free cash flow is where do we think leverage should be, where do we think our overall dividend and return of capital should be, I really don’t see – I really don’t see our the investment area that you mentioned having any material impact on return of capital or leverage. We are an A rated credit and I do think now we’ll probably end the year approximately at two times and as we go forward could we you know deleverage just a little bit organically as we have over the last four years, sure, but I don’t anticipate any large change or swings.
Michael Angelakis: Yes, Retrans [ph] has been very helpful. I believe the number for 2015 is approximately $500 million. So that’s just been a great tailwind for NBCUniversal. I think going back four or five years ago when we acquired the company, the number was in the single digit millions of dollars and now that number is approaching 500, so that’s certainly helping and importantly dropping to the bottom line. That was an important factor that we’ve talked about internally is making sure, that yes we’re investing significantly and programming across the board but that some of those dollars can increase profitability.
