Neil Smit: Craig, this is Neil. I think that our Video results are more a competitive issue. I think we're focused on product innovation and better customer service, and I think we've seen kind of sustainable results from those 2 areas of focus. The other factor that I would mention is that the RBOC overbuild has flowed in 2011. It was about 1.1 million homes versus 2.5 million in 2010. We're getting more flexibility in our programming agreements, as you've seen, so we're offering more content to more devices. So we're staying focused on product innovation and better service, and more to come there. Concerning the Wi-Fi build-out, we built out Philly, parts of New Jersey and Delaware. We're pleased with the results. We have about 4,000 access points. We'll be building out more markets, but it will be primarily focused on data versus voice-over.
Neil Smit: Concerning the Verizon Wireless rollout, we've rolled out to 4 markets now. We're pleased with the results. We're learning. We're working together. They've been great partners. I think on that front, it's probably early to tell. Concerning new products, in addition to Verizon Wireless, we've got XFINITY Home, our Home Security product, which is going very well and we're rolling out to more markets; Signature Support, which is a higher-end service for customers who need more help; Wi-Fi was already mentioned when I responded to Craig's question; and then our Xcalibur product, our high-end video product which we're branding X1. So those are examples of a number of different products we're rolling out right now.
Neil Smit: Jason, this is Neil. Concerning the programming increases. I mean, the rates really fluctuate based on renewals an roll-offs. We project for 2012 increases to be in the mid- to high single-digits, probably at the higher end of that range. I think we're getting longer terms and more flexibility in our contracts to deliver what Brian mentioned earlier, which is more content across more devices. I think it's important to note that we've grown Video gross margin dollars on a per-sub basis as we've upgraded to higher levels of service and advanced services. So we're very focused on the business, and we really want to deliver more value to our customers by getting more flexibility in the rights.
Neil Smit: James, this is Neil. I think generally speaking, we've performed much better in the DSL markets, and I think that's due to the billions of dollars of investment we've made in the plant. Capacity, we continue to increase, and we just got a -- what we feel is a better product versus DSL. I think generally speaking, in the fiber markets, we're competing well. They're aggressive competitors, as are we, and I think the bundle is a real value proposition. Concerning your second question, My TV Choice, we continue to look at packaging possibilities, and My TV Choice has been a -- we've discovered a lot and learned a lot from that rollout, and we'll continue to experiment. I think that we will look at how we can get more flexibility in packaging and delivering the right package to the right consumers, and that will be a component in that for this year.
Neil Smit: Marci, I'll answer those in reverse. We had -- churn did improve for each of the 4 quarters on the year, and I think that was due to a few factors. One is, I think the field teams are just executing better on customer service, and they've done a nice job there. And I think that we've built up our retention focus as a channel. And so we're more focused on the offers and the destination pricing for customers who want to churn and for different reasons. I think concerning the -- whether we're gaining market share or not, I mean if we're losing subs, we're not gaining market share, and we don't like to lose subs. So our objective is to grow the business, and I think it's primarily due to the -- we're staying very focused on delivering more value, as Brian mentioned. And the second thing is we're just going to continue to improve customer service. I think we've built the foundation of it, and now we've got to continue to transform it. So I think we're going to continue to drive the business. We're very focused, and I think the teams are executing well. And that will be our focus going forward.
Michael J. Angelakis: Why don't I take it? Sorry, Jason. You really can't look at the quarter-by-quarter for the Cable Networks. We've made meaningful investments in Cable Networks, really trying to build each of the franchises and build value for those particular channels. With regards to the first 3 quarters versus the fourth quarter, I really wouldn't focus on 1 quarter. I would really focus on the entire year and how we've invested in new series for different channels and how we've marketed those as well. As we look to 2012, we feel pretty good about what our investment level is. We'll continue to invest in certain areas where there's other channels that we think need some additional help. But it's not going to be material, and I think the cruising altitude that we have for investment in the Cable channels feels about right.
Michael J. Angelakis: So, Jessica, I really wouldn't look into 2013. I wouldn't look at the $6.5 billion authorization as a marker for 2013. We're very focused on 2012. And as we've said before, we're really looking at a financial strategy for each year separately. So the reason for the $6.5 billion is to provide us with flexibility. We obviously ran out our authorization in the fourth quarter of 2011, and we really want to have as much flexibility as we can. And then we'll obviously sit down with our board at the end of 2012, and we'll look at our financial strategy again with a pretty fresh look on both dividends and buybacks for 2013.
Michael J. Angelakis: Sure. With regards to SpectrumCo and the sale of the Spectrum, it's not incorporated in our financial strategy for 2012. Just want to make that clear. Obviously, we have to close the transaction, which our best guess is in the latter part of the year. So we will utilize that SpectrumCo cash as we think about and evaluate our 2013 return-to-capital strategy. Also, I just want to make sure the $2.3 billion is a pretax number. We have a gain that we have on that. But really, when we think about SpectrumCo, first is let's get the transaction closed. Given what we think the timing of it will be, it will probably be in our 2013 evaluation.
Michael J. Angelakis: Why don't I take the first one on capital allocation? The reality is there's really not going to be that much excess cash. When you think about NBCUniversal's free cash flow, 100% of that is really dedicated to, I would say, sort of indirect equity redemption over time with General Electric. And then when you think about Cable free cash flow, about 90%-plus of that will go to the buyback and the dividend. Obviously, we also have some taxes to pay related to the reversal of the benefits of the economic stimulus. So over time, our view is for 2012, we've got our balance sheet kind of where we want it to be, but there's not going to be really excess liquidity I think is a term you utilized.
Michael J. Angelakis: Yes. I'll take Cable margins. I think political advertising in 2012 will obviously help, but it's not really going to move our margins, given the size of political advertising versus the size of the overall business. Obviously, it's a benefit. With regards to 2012, don't want to give guidance, but I think we see a little bit of the same versus 2011 is -- the real headwind is on programming costs which you mentioned, but we're going to have some benefits related primarily to product mix. As you can see with high-speed data and with Voice and with Business Services, those are growing really nicely and accretive to margins. So I don't want to give any predictions on margin, but I think stable is a pretty good way to think about it.
Michael J. Angelakis: So why don't I take the CapEx and software intangibles question? With regards to Cable CapEx, as I said in the remarks, Ben, I think that you'll see some trending downward in terms of intensity as a percentage of Cable revenue. So the team's done a phenomenal job of managing that. We're investing for growth in a lot of that, as Brian and Neil have mentioned on this call. So I really look at CapEx as trending slightly downward as a percentage of revenue and bringing that intensity a bit down. With regards to software and intangibles, one of the reasons for the increase is, obviously, NBCU now has added to that number and that free cash flow. But you've got to really look at 2 of them combined. As we've talked about and Brian mentioned just now, the Cable business is spending more on the software and areas in the cloud. That's an important investment for us. It allows Neil's team to really increase the speed of innovation, and I think we've got a pretty good number of what we're spending. That's a pretty stable number, sort of in the range. Also, NBCUniversal has been spending a bit on software and intangibles, and that's one of the reasons for the increase. So I think the number for all of 2011 that's in our press release is $954 million. I don't want to get too specific, but that's in the range.
Michael J. Angelakis: Stefan, it's Michael. We're still pretty early days into this. We've owned NBCUniversal now for just over a year. We have really 2.5 years left before we would have to have that discussion, so obviously, we'll learn a lot more then. So we gave a lot of thought to how we structured the transaction with GE. We want to make sure that we retained our flexibility on our capital structure. We want to make sure we retained our flexibility on return of capital. We have, in our view, a pretty attractive carried interest. So I think we are very pleased with how NBCUniversal is performing and also the structure that we put in place with GE. So I really wouldn't want to front-run that. I think that we have to make a decision in a couple of years or 2.5 years, and then we'll revisit it then, and then we'll revisit it again in 6 years. So there's a long, long road here, and for us to alter the structure, I just don't see it right now.
Brian L. Roberts: More On Demand and more -- the Disney agreement, with other agreements we've got in place and things that we're working on, I think TV Everywhere, whatever you want to brand it, we call it XFINITY, obviously, is you're going to see a lot of progress in 2012 on getting more content available to consumers on more devices than in any year in the company.
Brian L. Roberts: Okay, Ben, this is Brian. Let me maybe start, and, Neil, if you want, feel free, or Michael can answer that second question. My view is that in 2012, X1 is a beginning of a new way of communicating with the television device which is coming from the cloud, not solely from the box. But it will be in hundreds of thousands of homes. Obviously, that's not tens of millions -- that's not the big number for us. It will be in multiple markets, and we will be stable, and it will radically improve the experience, in my opinion, over time. But more importantly, it is creating the unlocking mechanism to future innovation, which will then reside on the best servers in the cloud that can be upgraded, state-of-the-art, without having to ever come back to your house and can be done quickly, not over years, but over weeks and months. Those UI changes and other things that we want to do as we create better search products and we have the need with more On Demand. And so I think it's got the same kind of long-term strategic implications that some of those other products you've mentioned. In 2012, it's really getting it commercialized in a number of key markets. Another part of the strategy is -- that this accomplishes, is the beginning of allowing us to get on to other devices. We obviously are not operating in a vacuum, and we are very cognizant of the exciting changes in the consumer electronics space. And we want to position our company to take advantage of the innovation, not trying to necessarily fight it and want to make it as simple for our customers as possible, so we have an agreement with Xbox. We're working with Samsung. We'll be working with others throughout the year, and I think our Comcast technology group is doing a super job of changing the way we historically look at how we deliver our products to consumers. And so getting things into the cloud out of the cable box will have broad implications over time, and 2012 is a year to make it happen and get it started.
Brian L. Roberts: I just want to just add, Marci, that -- and maybe end the call on this thought, which is, Neil, I think a big part of it is your leadership -- I think the entire Cable team had an outstanding 2011, and part of it is the scale that we have, the ability to make the investments several years ago that are paying dividends now to try to have leading products that perhaps not everybody has. And so I begin -- I think this is several quarters in a row where we're trying to make that XFINITY experience the best in the market. And we may not get back to full growth on Video for a while, because we don't see housing growth at the moment, but someday, that's going to happen. But more importantly, I think this is just terrific execution by the Cable team and sets us up for 2012.
