Brian Roberts: Thanks, Marlene, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'm pleased to report that we achieved strong operating and financial results for the second quarter in Cable and in NBCUniversal. These results demonstrate our operational focus while also speeding up innovation and investing in content to strengthen our brands and our franchises.  So let me begin with Cable. In the second quarter, revenue was up by nearly 6%. Operating cash flow increased by nearly 7%, and Cable generated $1.3 billion of free cash flow. Customer additions for our combined video, voice and data services increased by 18%, continuing the trend of improving year-over-year performance even in a seasonally weak quarter. Our high-speed Internet service was once again one of the real highlights and was the largest contributor to Cable's growth this quarter. The second quarter marks the eighth quarter in a row where we significantly outpaced the net additions of our competitors. This is due to strong execution and expanding differentiation between our high-speed service and DSL.  Business services was another significant contributor to Cable's performance in the second quarter with 42% growth in revenue. This business has solid momentum, and we are continuing to build its capabilities for future growth, including expanding Metro E services to 20 of our major markets. We also made steady improvements in our operating performance metrics, marking another quarter with better customer retention and Service scores and higher customer satisfaction. We have real operational focus and are making our service and the overall XFINITY experience the best in the business. As we continue to use our scale to our advantage, we are delivering new products and faster innovation to our Cable customers.  Our current and future services represent an exciting new product roadmap that includes higher-speed Internet, a growing array of IP and cloud-based applications, new offerings like XFINITY Signature Support and new lines of businesses like home security. And soon working with Skype, we will also begin to offer a new high-definition video calling experience right to your television. What is particularly exciting is the leverage we are gaining from the previous significant investments we made in our network. So it's easier and faster now to drive new technologies and product innovation. I believe all this, together with our initiatives to transform the customer experience, is generating results and helping us make sustainable improvements that will continue to yield benefits.  So let me now switch to NBCUniversal. As you know, our overarching goal for NBC and Universal is to build long-term value. And yes, there'll be some hits and misses and a bit more volatility, but I continue to believe that our timing was just right as we have benefited from a much stronger advertising market since we signed the agreement in your seamless integration, mostly the continuing strength of many of their businesses, particularly the Cable channels with their wonderful brands.  We had a busy quarter. We invested in lots of new shows in both Cable and Broadcast. We extended our NHL rights. We purchased the other 50% of Universal Orlando and brought together all of our company's capabilities in a successful and I think important bid for the Olympics.  Our Olympic rights now stretch over a decade and extend to all technology and media. However, they may change through the year 2020, giving us real opportunity to build out the network and Cable and digital capabilities of NBCUniversal and to make the Olympics profitable for our company over the term of this new agreement.  Even as we invest, NBCUniversal's second quarter financial results highlight the health of its businesses with double-digit revenue growth in each of its segments and 19% operating cash flow growth when you exclude accounting adjustments related to the acquisition. So all in all, I'm very pleased with our financial and operating performance so far this year. We are making real progress on all fronts. We have strong recurring revenue businesses. We're focused on operational excellence, and we have a disciplined investment approach that is yielding positive results and will continue to build value.  With that, let me now pass to Michael to cover the second quarter results in detail.
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Michael. So last week marked the 6-month anniversary since the closing of NBCUniversal. I think it's a perfect opportunity to hear from Steve Burke on how he's feeling.
Brian Roberts: I just want to add. I agree, Jessica, the way you asked the question I think is inherently that these businesses are bullish, and that there's been a good 18 months. And I think I would concur -- I think we inherited some agreements, so we may not be the first out of the blocks with retransmission fees or reverse comp. But you see other companies' results, you see the marketplace, it's pretty transparent. So I think Steve is focused absolutely properly in building our franchises and building our channels. And that there's now a way to see monetization whether it's new media or retrans or other sources of revenues internationally as you suggest. So we're pleased and out of the block, but it's been 6 months. And I think we got to have realistic expectations.
Brian Roberts: Well I think we're pretty focused inside the footprint. And with 50 million plus homes having all the products that we have to sell, I think we're -- we agree with your assessment that there's more demand, more desire for new devices. One of the reasons to invest in NBCUniversal was to have a products to sell internationally and throughout the entire United States. So we have that today through NBCUniversal. But I don't think there's yet a business model that we've seen that returns to our shareholders where you have relationships with customers that way outside of our footprint that we can make money. We had some free On Demand product with Fancast. It did not prove profitable. We've now kind of -- we made that into XFINITY TV, trying to make TV everywhere happen where we have the content relationship and the customer relationship and extending that to all devices. That's our focus for now. And I think Neil summarized really well a lot of the progress that's been made. I do think we're leading in some of this innovation. Some of those products we might be able to wholesale to others as we have our digital media center in Denver. We might be able to do that to other distributors in a way that takes some of this investment and lays it off nationally. But I think it's better when you already have a relationship with the customer to add these services on.
Brian Roberts: Stefan, I think from my perspective, the XFINITY campaign is never really complete. I think in brand building, you have to continue to innovate and put new products out. You have to continue to market creatively and bring more value to the customer. So I think brand building is never over. I think we have seen good results. And the XFINITY branding we've seen double-digit increases, an intent to purchase and consideration from competitive customers. So I think it will continue. I think in terms of ability to drive the PSUs, I think a lot of that's in the marketing of the product, it's in the product itself, and it's in the execution of the sales team. So it's all of 3 things combined, and it's obviously in the customer service. So I think PSUs are driven in part by the branding, but it's got to be backed up by great product and great service.
Brian Roberts: Yes, I just would like to end the call then and just say, I think it's -- look, these are the second quarter. It's steady here for the first few weeks, but a lot happens in September. So it's hard to tell. And obviously, there is economic news on the horizon that rattled some of the markets yesterday, and we just all have to see. That being said, I really believe we got a plan. We're executing well. I'm really pleased with how well both businesses are performing, and I think that we're continuing to have a roadmap to some of those questions that were asked at the end there. There is a roadmap for innovation and Steve's building, in a sense, a similar roadmap for program innovation. Hopefully, it's a little different. But we're investing and at the same time, we're getting good financial results. So we'll talk to you all in 90 days. Thank you very much.
Neil Smit: Hi, Jason, it's Neil. Concerning margins, it's hard to project too far into the future. I think the real benefits we see in the margin, 50 bps year-to-date has been from an improved mix of HSD and business services, as well as gaining efficiencies in some of our customer service metrics as I mentioned in my previous comments. I think we're just taking noise out of the system, and I think that will hopefully continue as we just get a better experience. But it -- that's being offset obviously by compressing video margins. So it's hard to project going forward, but we're going stay the course. HSD seems to be gaining share at a good clip, and business services is up 42%. So I think we see continued growth in both those businesses.
Neil Smit: John, no, I think on the programming side, it all kind of depends on the timing and the roll-offs and the renewals of the contracts. So it does fluctuate quarter-to-quarter and even in some cases, month-to-month. I wouldn't read much into that. I think we're still projecting kind of mid to high-single digit of growth rate in programming expenses.
Neil Smit: Jason, I think on the video side, we are still seeing a significant percentage of our subs, who are cutting off due to our B1-only subs. So that's a continuing trend, and it has been for the last 3 or 4 quarters. I think the Q2 is a seasonally our weakest quarters. We had 1.5 million additional RBOC overbuilds, and we still improved subs 10% and grew ARPU, resi ARPU anyway, 4.9%. I think what we saw in the quarter we saw a slowdown in connects in mid-May. I think it's primarily due to the sluggish economy. We responded very quickly by adjusting our channel mix, more DRTV, more digital, more direct. And we saw a connect improvement in late June and into July. I think from the competitive perspective, I think the economy, as I said, is still slow. And it's caused some more aggressive offers. However, I don't think it's markedly different than what we've seen in the past, and we'd understand how to compete. I mean, my focus is really getting the quick response to the changing market conditions via target marketing sales effectiveness and retention. And our -- overall, our total subs at HSD, video and phone were up 18%. So I think we can compete effectively.
Neil Smit: I think we're competing well. I mean, as I mentioned earlier, we had 1.5 million incremental RBOC overbuilds. We're about 22% AT&T and 14% FiOS, and we compete well on those markets. I think in terms of share capture -- I think where we're really gaining share right now is in the HSD product, as you noted. And I think it's primarily because we have just a far superior product to DSL. Competes effectively with FiOS from a speed perspective, and we believe we can outperform U-verse on that product. So I think we're going to continue to push the HSD and the Video products. And I think the Triple Play still holds true.
Neil Smit: Well I think as I mentioned earlier, we adjusted quickly to kind of a slowdown in mid-May. And the connect growth came back the end of June and seems to have continued in July. Also I think we're very focused on retention. And a lot of the year-over-year improvement in subs that we've demonstrated in the last 3 quarters has been driven by improved retention of our customers. Connects are kind of in line, but retention's really been driving the numbers. And I think a lot of the things we're doing, better credit screening and better call handling and better promotional roll-off tactics and centers of excellence for retention are all those things combined for a better retention result. So the good news is I think we responded quickly and changed the marketing mix, and we seem to have got the connects volume going again.
Michael Angelakis: Hey, Neil, let me take -- it's more in the tens of millions actually, Jason. And the only thing I would really say is when you start the question about decelerating revenue, if you actually take out advertising and you look at year-over-year revenue, last year, our revenue growth was like 3.8% on Cable and now we're x advertising, 6.2%. So between high-speed data, between business services, between some rate adjustments, I'm not sure I completely concur that we have a decelerating revenue line.
Michael Angelakis: Yes, I don't really want to comment on 2012 because we've been, I think, quite clear and transparent that we really are articulating what our financial strategy will be on a year-by-year basis. But what I can say is our leverage for June 30 on a consolidated basis was approximately 2.2x, which is close to the midpoint of our target range, which is between 2 and 2.5. When we bought NBC -- I;m sorry, when we bought Universal Orlando, we consolidated another roughly $1.4 billion of debt, so that popped us up to about $41 billion. I think we'll end the year at the low end of our range. I think that's pretty clear. And I think we're going to have a discussion with our board with regards to the share repurchase program, which will be exhausted by the end of the year. Obviously, dividend will be discussed and other strategic efforts will be discussed as well. And I think as we've done in the years before, we'll be quite balanced and measured in articulating what the strategy is for 2012.
Michael Angelakis: That's a hard question, obviously. Our target range is exactly that. It's our target range. But going back to your first question with regards to an early buy-in of NBCUniversal, I really don't see that in the cards. I think we're 6 months into the transaction. I think that we're very pleased with the transaction, and our partnership with General Electric I think is going fine. So we really like the way we've structured the deal. We really like the way our incentive or carried interest works. And I think that will be steady as she goes with regards to that particular effort.
Michael Angelakis: So what we've been really clear about is we have 2 pools of capital. One pool is within the Comcast side, which the majority is being used to return capital through buybacks and dividends. Then with the NBCUniversal pool, which is primarily being used for ultimately an equity redemption from General Electric. Now #1, General Electric has to exercise their redemption right. We can't force that redemption right, which is 3 years from now. So obviously, pretty far away. If they so choose to exercise that right, then we have, you're right, the option to increase from roughly 68% to 100%. I think we'll evaluate that very carefully at that point in time. That's quite a ways away. And our goals at NBCUniversal generate the financial capacity to meet that possible redemption. So it's hard to forecast what one will do in 3-plus years from now. But also if we were to exercise our option, we would extinguish the carried interest, which would last another 3.5 years, which we believe has real value creation for our shareholders. So it's a good spot to be in and something that we will evaluate really carefully in about 3 years from now. But I want to make sure the point is that the goals at NBCUniversal, its free cash flow is really being utilized to build that capacity to meet that potential redemption in year -- in 3-plus years.
Michael Angelakis: Michael, let me just add if -- I don't know if you have this information. But our high-speed ARPU is up about 4.2% in the quarter to $43.88.
Stephen Burke: Let me jump in on advertising. The quick answer to your question is we don't see any signs of a deceleration right now. We're obviously concerned about the economy the way you would expect us to be. But so far, the advertising market continues to be strong. We had a very good upfront. We actually think some of our Cable channels really paced the upfront on the Cable side. And on the broadcast side our upfront was good too, and we'll see how the rest of the year goes.
Stephen Burke: Okay. You asked one question with a lot of different parts. I think in general, we see this year and next year probably as investment years. We think the business, particularly on the broadcast side, has not gotten the investment necessary to really compete. And so I think our focus right now is on product and making sure that we have a competitive NBC primetime schedule, making sure that the stations have the right kind of resources to be competitive in the local markets. And the juggling act that we're going through, which we've been successful at for the first half is to continue to grow OCF while making the investments that are going to pay off in the future. I do think that content is more valuable today than the day that we did the deal. It's interesting if you go back. It's over 18 months ago when we actually signed the deal with General Electric. I think retransmission consent now is a bigger number than it was then. The kind of money that online video providers are paying for content is infinitely, almost significantly greater than it was 18 months ago. So in my opinion, content is more valuable and the outlook, particularly for Broadcast Television, is much rosier than it was 18 months ago. But at the same time, I want to caution everyone, we're in fourth place at NBC. And we've got a lot of investments, and we've told people that it doesn't happen in 1 year, probably won't even happen in 2 years, it might take 3 or 4. I'm very confident we will get there, but we need to invest and -- along the way, I wouldn't expect any miracles financially or in terms of performance.
Stephen Burke: No, I think it's not so much a response to a competitive threat as it is. We want to continue to demonstrate product leadership. So as Michael mentioned, we've got 105 meg in 80% of our footprint. We're going to be testing higher speeds. Brian demoed 1 gig. So from my perspective, that's all about demonstrating product leadership. We have made the investments in capacity that are required to continue to support that. And I think in Q1, we got about 40% of the entire industry's net adds, and we represent, call it, 20% to 25% of the industry subs. So we're going to continue investing and continue demonstrating leadership there. I think the way to think of the higher product speeds is they provide an umbrella. So generally speaking, when we launch to higher speeds, the whole -- all the various speeds tiers trade up. So it provides an umbrella effect over the other tiers.
