Mike Cavanagh: So, Ben on free cash flow, it's certainly our stated objective and belief that we can healthy -- get healthy growth of free cash flow over the long-term. Said that before at the recent conference and continue to believe that's the case. We don't focus on it on -- in the near-term and this year coming up obviously we talked about the many investments in organic growth that will benefit that long-term free cash flow growth trajectory. So, we'll have that pressure in some Olympics working capital in 2020. But the dividend increase is absolutely an indication that we feel very confident in the long-term growth trajectory of free cash flow.
Mike Cavanagh: So if you include Dave's broadband business plus Flex and Peacock, I think our company is better positioned as the world moves to streaming than any other company in the world. And I think you could argue in the next 10 or 20 years, if you look at all those three businesses combined, we could make more money in streaming than anyone else by a lot. If you then move to Peacock, the idea behind Peacock and Matt Strauss mentioned Spotify. It's a little bit like Spotify. We have an entry level of Peacock, which is about 7,500 hours, which is completely free for anyone. We then have a 15,000 hour version of Peacock that costs $5 if you're not a member of a participating cable or satellite company that provides multi-channel video. That universe is still about 80%. So 80% of the people in America I think eventually are going to be able to get that $5 product for free. As to your question about other cable companies and satellite companies it's such a great value to be able to give all of your customers a product that's $5 a month in value or $60 a year for free that I think eventually we will get the vast majority if not all of cable and satellite it will take some time. And a lot of times the Peacock discussion will be tied to the ongoing MVPD discussion and we have a lot of big deals up in this year. But I think by the end of this year, you're going to see the $5 Peacock product be offered for free to a lot of cable and satellite customers.
Mike Cavanagh: Hey, Craig, so I think it starts with – that our very strong feeling that we are – the cable industry, Comcast we're a great partner for the wireless industry. So I think we bring share. We bring customers over to them. I think we're a great investment for the long term. So that's kind of how we start our thinking and that all the goals that I mentioned before. From a process perspective, not much to talk about right now. We are always thinking about ways of improving an already good platform, a good approach to the business. If there are opportunities we'll explore them. And if anything does develop we'll let you know.
Mike Cavanagh: And let me just jump back in at the end here and echo Brian's. Thanks to Jason Armstrong for a great job he's done for all of us in the IR job and I know it will be a great add to the Sky team. I welcome Marci Ryvicker to the company and thank all of you for the support and joining us on this call as we get 2020 kicked off. So, thanks everybody. Have a great day.
Dave Watson: Hey Doug this is Dave. So let me start with Flex. And I think Flex shows and in particular the Flex and Peacock combination just shows how uniquely positioned we are for streaming. And Flex is a natural extension of two things; our broadband innovation and also the fact that we've been investing steadily in X1. So we're -- Flex is going to help fuel broadband over time. Comes with it's free as Brian has said and we'll continue to innovate around broadband. So you look at what's coming up. And we have tons of apps that are available right now. We're pleased with the road map ahead, good progress coming up for Flex in terms of content, Hulu, we talked about CBS All Access we'll be the first to do that. But we in particular we're really excited about the prospects of Flex and Peacock together. So that's -- that is I think a real opportunity. In addition down the road and of course the main consideration is broadband growth with Flex. But I think it opens up other opportunities whether it's app participation or -- and/or advertising. It's a great long-term platform for us.
Dave Watson: Yes, sorry. And then on Sky, the investments we're making here. So Sky Q look we think that's the best TV service here in Europe. So we want to accelerate its penetration in our base. We're actually pulling costs forward really rather than spending additional cost – pulling costs for in our plan to get Sky Q penetration more quickly. The benefit is really a twofold the short-term benefits or purely financial really. As Mike alluded to we see lower churn, higher viewing, higher ARPU. And of course as we sell Sky Q into our customer base basically gives us the opportunity to cross-sell another product or more products at the point in which we do that. And then the second thing to say is, we had Sky Q in the base now for some – good line of sight in terms of the financial returns that flow from those investments and whilst the number aggregate, so it's all customer by customer. So if you don't get the customer from the – if you look at the benefits, you don't get -- you don't spend the cost up front. If you see what I mean. The second one that is broadband in Italy. Obviously, that's a big new adjacent category for us, about a $7 billion market in Italy. We've got a very strong and credible brand. We know that, in Italy, to step into the broadband market. I think, we've got all the skills that we need across the company to be able to do that. The longer-term investment profile, a very strong one again, given that it's a new category. And then, beyond that, I think, the real benefit, as we've seen here in the U.K. is that's a business that we think we can grow the significant scale over time. It was probably the single biggest thing we did in the U.K. to step change our business growth in the U.K. So I think the tail of growth we'll see from broadband and the ability for broadband to reset the size of our business in Italy is pretty strong. And then, the final thing I'd say, just operating in Europe. One of the great things about being part of the broader Comcast group, from my point of view, is of course we can keep our foot on the gas and accelerate these investments while we see strong returns profiles at a time when many in Europe are probably being a bit more cautious in a more challenging consumer environment. So, I think, this is a good example of how, as part of the broader group we can really think about the medium-term returns from Sky and drive those hard. And we'll see those benefits progressively come through in 2020 then into 2021.
Dave Watson: Well, thanks John. And I won't give the specifics in regards to 2020. But I would say that the $1.4 million does demonstrate just consistency, broad-based growth strength across our entire area when it comes to broadband. So, pleased with the quarter, pleased with the year and pleased with momentum going forward. So, yeah, it starts with that we're going to grow relationships with broadband. This is our top priority. It's what we focus on when it comes to innovation. I talked about Flex that we have many other examples of innovation, including the advanced security product that we are rolling out for free to those that lease our gateway device. Another example of that, speed increases we continue to do. So very, very focused. We wake up every day thinking about how are we going to grow and sustain broadband. And so – and it's working. I think xFi, when you combine the best of speed, the best of control, coverage, Brian mentioned a great new gateway device. We're leading in regards to the gateway devices that are in the marketplace. We feel in terms of the combination of speed, Wi-Fi speed and Wi-Fi coverage and combine that with the pods that we have in the marketplace. So all these things, I think, position us well going forward. So, our game plan is to continue to lead with broadband. I think it is very sustainable. You look at the macro conditions the marketplace is growing. On penetration we have upside and we're taking share. So, -- and we're balancing this share growth with strong financial performance. For the year, we're pleased. One point in terms of the quarter-to-quarter revenue performance just to make sure there's some context there that we did move out a couple of rate increases of Q4 into the early part of 2020. So, if you look on a go-forward basis, I think you're going to see good strong runway for growth in share, growth in revenue on a per subscriber basis and for the whole category. So, real pleased with our momentum going forward. In Wireless I would say the keys there are a little bit of maturity. We talked about the reasons why we're doing it. We're real pleased with broadband retention. The area that's beginning to pick up that we're really pleased that we wanted to focus on is just growing consideration using wireless because I think it does help broadband. But getting people into retail stores they didn't really think about doing that think about doing that before beginning to see real traction in retail. Most certainly when you see a solid product introduction like Apple that they had in other wireless devices, I think we benefit. We're in a good position for bringing your own device. I think we're uniquely positioned in the ability to have a combination of unlimited and by the gig pricing, so you add all those things up and we're really pleased with our overall wireless momentum as well.
Dave Watson: On the new gateway that we did talk about at CES, we're excited about this. I think, there are several steps forward with this gateway, in regards WiFi speed, the improvements in terms of coverage, both for the 2.4 band as well as the 5 band improvements, both in those areas, improvements in latency. Across the board, it checks a lot of boxes. And so, like we do with a great new product like this, we'll package that in some of our higher tier packages. And on a go-forward basis, we'll compete. If you think about segments where this matters, it's an ideal product for the gaming segment. So, we're going to – we'll segment it and go after it. But, like the fundamentals of being able to provide the best speed, the best coverage, control, all those aspects, I think, this gateway helps us in our position very well.
Brian Roberts: Let me start with Peacock's effect on the other businesses. If you imagine a television show where 70% of the viewing comes from some place other than linear television. What Peacock is designed to do is to go after that 70% get it on our platform in a place where we're ad-supported and we get 100% of the ad revenue. That's the intent. And if you look at it from that perspective, I think Peacock is going to be very good for our company. We're going to make more money from the television ecosystem and that will allow us to continue to invest in the linear platform. So if I were talking to an affiliate, if I were talking to a cable company, I would say Peacock is a way to make us a better stronger competitor in a way that's good for all of our businesses not just streaming.
Brian Roberts: Well thanks Brett. So, in regards to 5G, one of the great things about our existing relationship that we have with our partner that we have we will participate in 5G mobile as that market matures and they've start rolling it out in earnest. So, we're -- I think we'll be right there. And we'll evaluate that as it goes. In regards to economics, we talked about -- we're right on track with the profitability trajectory that we talked about. So, we're absolutely pulling off what we thought we would in regards to the economics. And what I would say we're always going to be opportunistic when it comes to either a combination of the ability to do more with Wi-Fi and the LTE network and manage traffic flow between the two, we'll always be looking at that. We'll be opportunistic on any spectrum opportunity. But we like our capital-light MVNO approach today. It's accomplishing what we need to. We'll always be talking to our partner about opportunities, but I think we're in a really good position going forward.
Brian Roberts: Phil, I'll start off. As Mike mentioned earlier, as expected we're going to have a number of programming renewals in 2020. So we had a couple of years where it was a lower number and that is picking up in 2020. And in particular it will ramp more towards the back half of 2020. So despite that the part -- even with that, we expect to improve Cable margins up to the 50 basis points that Mike talked about for the full year. And the strategy and the expectations are built around our focus on the connectivity businesses, which are margin accretive. We're going to continue to drive that that pivot has happened and we're making great progress there. We're going to continue to focus on the non-programming OpEx. We're going to be taking a lot of transactions out whether they're truck rolls or telephone calls, the customer experience improvement there's a big runway ahead for us to continue to take out those transactions. We're always going to be disciplined on cost control. And I think you look at what we talked about earlier, Xfinity Mobile economic improvements. If you look there's going to be a pretty big year for political advertising, the tail end of this year all those things considered I think put us in a pretty good position to overcome whatever programming renewals that are going to occur in 2020. So regarding parks if you look over the last five years, our EBITDA or OCF and the park business has almost exactly doubled, so about $2.5 billion as the parks are about one-third of NBCUniversal, 30% of NBCUniversal. And when you have that kind of growth you're used to parks being a driver of the overall NBCUniversal growth profile, which they were not this quarter. A big part of it and Mike mentioned this in his introduction was Japan where we faced a number of headwinds and actually went backwards. If you look out, I think the next big thing on the horizon is Nintendo. Nintendo based on our research is one of the biggest potential drivers of attendance that you could have of any kind of IP. It's up there with Harry Potter, which in some of our parks Harry potter drove incremental attendance of about two million people. So Nintendo is in very rarefied air. And the attraction that we're building in Osaka is spectacular. From a creative standpoint it's really unbelievable and that opens sometime -- midyear this year and then we're going to bring it to Hollywood and we're going to bring it, obviously, in the fourth gate in Florida. So I think Nintendo is going to be potentially a big accelerator both in the Theme Park business. And then once you get into 2021, we've haven't talked about it maybe as much as we should. The fact that we're opening a park in Beijing and the fact that the park is so spectacular from a design and creative standpoint, I think is going to generate a lot of growth. And then Brian mentioned in his introduction the fourth gate, which opens in 2023. So when you look at the capital side of it, these are all high-return projects that all make a ton of business sense. And I think if you look over the next five years it's likely our Theme Park business is going to be a driver of growth. Maybe not quite as much as it has been in the last five years because the growth has been so phenomenal and we're getting to a bigger base now. But I would look at the parks business as a real opportunity for us. We still don't have the share that I think we deserve given the quality of the experience we're giving our guests and it's a lot of opportunity over the next five, 10, 20 years.
Brian Roberts: Yes. The only thing I want to add to that is simply that I think we've shown we can get some scale it's still early days. And that previous question about it keeps accelerating a bit. I think we're seeing that now throughout the rest of the industry and others coming into wireless. So I think I just want to echo that point that we have a successful beginning and hopefully a very long runway that we're just getting started.
