Michael Cavanagh: And I would just add – it's Mike, Ben – that on the other part – as Jason has pointed out, the six growth driver businesses, the cable – components of that are all high incremental margin next dollar revenue, very high incremental margin, but there's also the businesses that are – as we've talked about, are not in the six growth drivers that are being managed pretty aggressively, frankly, for continued ways to find efficiencies to offset the pressures on the top line. So we've got multiple things going on that I think are the tailwinds for continued ability to drive margins.
Michael Cavanagh: And I'll just add on that. It's Mike. I'll just add that the importance and the significance of us being committed to sports in the streaming context of Peacock is for us combined with the ability to bring the big reach that our broadcaster NBC brings to the party, which I think is an important element of – while sports over the long term I think are going to be experienced significantly through streaming, I think for a long time, the economics of the sports rights that you see is going to be substantially supported by broadcast reach that I think for a long time is going to continue to be a significant part of the picture. In terms of advertising, I'd say, Jessica, that overall it's not a big difference in story than last quarter. I'd say the ad market has remained soft. It hasn't necessarily gotten worse despite a little bit of sequential decline, but it hasn't gotten better at the same time. And we still continue to think it's due to the general uncertainty about economic conditions that are out there. The kind of weakness that we're talking about or the softness is particularly on the linear side, while Peacock has remained very strong. Picking at this quarter a little bit, the deceleration from 5% to 8%, contributing factor there which is a little idiosyncratic is, while the retail and tech sectors were down a little bit, whereas auto and pharma and consumer products were up. The one that was down that's a little unique and idiosyncratic is entertainment where you had streamers spending a little less together with advertisers, given the strikes, looking at what the lineups were in the recent past and putting some money in other places. So some of that will revert we believe once strikes are over. And as we look to the fourth [Technical Difficulty] last year's World Cup as well as political that underlying ad sales will be an improvement in this fourth quarter versus last year's fourth quarter. And as far as digital, I think that's why there is definitely the opportunity that some tech competitors are capturing to get premium video monetized in digital platforms, and I think that speaks to why we consider Peacock to be an important initiative for us. And we're pleased again with the progress we're making in Peacock which is now north of 28 million subs and strong overall 60% revenue growth year-over-year.
Michael Cavanagh: So I think if you zoom out, it's much of what I said earlier, Steven, which is I think the strength of our financial position broadly, if you think about across all the businesses we're in, I think of us as having leading positions for the customer but also strong margins benchmarked against any period you can look at, that together with the strong balance sheet, I think the company couldn't be in better shape financially.  And I think on the execution side, Dave and his team and the NBC team that works with me are – they know what they're doing and I think we're not giving anybody any quarter in terms of operating the businesses we have. Our priorities, though, in how to use that financial strength is very strategic. So I think we think about the businesses we're in and investing in them appropriately for return and growth and drive growth in those businesses over the long term, hence the way Jason talks about the half the company that's got strong revenue growth. We're trying to find ways to put resources into our own businesses. So that's the priority. As Brian said, the bar is really high for us to consider anything inorganic, but it's our job to look at these things. But if you think about – what you call the potentially distressed media assets, I'm not sure which ones you're referring to, but many of them are pretty small and wouldn't change the arc of what our company's all about. So I think our focus is on the total picture what Comcast looks like and we're proud of the company we have.
David Watson: Ben, this is Dave. So – and as both Jason and Mike said, it does start when you talk about margins with the top line, and so a real focus around healthy ARPU, total revenue growth in connectivity, so all of those things really I think are sustainable.  And you go through a competitive phase like we are, but you've still got to keep your eye on the ball and we believe that, over time, in addition to driving good, healthy, making financially disciplined calls along the way, we will return to subscriber growth over time. And so, I think you add all that up, it's – that's the beginning part. Then your question on mobile, it's such an important part of our strategy and it has been. We've built up the business, had consistent performance, and believe strongly we've got a long runway ahead.  And one of the things that we're doing just to showcase kind of the focus for us is we are rolling out a buy one, get one offer. It's scaled up at the very end of Q3. It's really kicking off in earnest in Q4. It's a straightforward, good, solid offer that will be accretive and will drive broadband benefits in doing so. We're starting with the base and that's – but it's just an example that in both residential and in small business, we'll continue to be very – I think very aggressive in mobile over time. So a lot more to come on mobile, but we're encouraged and really like the runway ahead. Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Craig Moffett from MoffettNathanson.
David Watson: You got it, Phil. So as we've said, and it's – everybody has seen, it's a pretty competitive environment. And so, when you – we have some continuation of some of the macro issues that we talked about, but we've also – as you brought up, we've also continued to see the expansion of both fiber and fixed wireless footprint. So we've gone through several competitive cycles where there's – it's really noted by a lot of new footprint that's been added, and so we did start in the beginning of the year, made some adjustments in terms of offers that were really focused more on the lower end of the market, but part of our game plan is to – we're going to continue to invest in a better network, better products, and compete aggressively, but we're going to maintain financial discipline, and that means making certain decisions when it comes to balancing rate and volume. And so, after the first half, we did make the decision to pull back on some of our more aggressive offers which resulted in lower connect activity. So that is the changes that we've had. I think our voluntary churn rate is very healthy. A key part of that that's continued and the real issue that we see at this point is, as we manage things, is just lower connect volume. So – but, net-net, we're growing revenue as we talked about earlier, Jason did and I did, and we're going to focus on multiple drivers of revenue growth. And we'll make our playbook, we make changes throughout.  So – and then to wireless, your point, we are continuing to test in terms of the CBRS roll-offs where we've picked up the pace on that, staying close to what Charter is doing. We've seen good progress in the ability to off-load traffic and encouraged by the opportunity in terms of just such a small geographic part of your footprint contributes so much volume of wireless traffic. So we are in position, if we so choose to do it, but we like where we're at with that, no new news in terms of scaling up on that point, but we're in a good position.  Operator: Our next question is coming from Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America Securities.
David Watson: Hey, Brett, Dave. So let me start. Overall, business services had a very good quarter. Revenue accelerated a little, reflecting stronger growth in enterprise and mid-market, so we've been very focused on growing all categories.  So your point on the sales investment, let me provide some context. We have been for some time working with partners. And most certainly, with the acquisition of Masergy, we've been expanding our capability to go into other areas and now we have global opportunity to be able to handle customers. The key here is to be able to take care of customers' needs wherever they are, so this particular investment is just adding some folks, it's not infrastructure that we're building out there. We will leverage the partnerships that we have, but certainly we'll deliver products that meets the customers' needs out. But it's sales force and adding some people that can drive mid-market and enterprise where the customers' locations are. But we'll continue to partner, we have great partnerships with Charter, Cox, many others, and we'll continue to do that. It's not really an infrastructure moment. And in terms of wireless, it's a very important part of business services and it's – clearly, this phase is centered on SMB and we're getting going on that. We've picked up the pace on that. It's not a major driver yet in overall mobile activity at this point, but we expect that pace to pick up. That is an important one for us. And let me – just one last point, if I could, Brett. While you're talking about business services, I'd be remiss if I didn't thank Bill Stemper as he transitions to Chairman Emeritus. Bill has been a spectacular teammate and driver of this business over a long stretch, really. And one of the great things that Bill did is build a world class team. I think they've set the bar in terms of performance. We continue to do that. And part of that team is a wonderful executive, Ed Zimmerman, who has now taken over the – running business services for us, so congratulations to both. Operator: Our next question is coming from John Hodulik from UBS.
David Watson: I think Mike and Brian talked about Charter Disney, so that to me – I think that is the – they provided the point of view. From my perspective, I think every situation is unique. I think we are in a very unique position because of the platform that we have and the fact that we are in the streaming business as a company, that we have great relationships with content providers and we have a way of figuring things out. But it will be case by case as they come up and we'll see – but a big part of it, one of the things we talked about is value, value of the content and how that model evolves, we'll figure it out. But I think we are in a good position to be a bridge builder as we go, consider each one of these options in the marketplace. In terms of the network and DOCSIS, let me give you a sense, John, where we're at. So we're about 30% in terms of mid-splits and really focused on this seamless integration that connects HFC to fiber. And we'll be at 40% next year.  So – and then we started – you've seen the announcement and we talked about the deployment of DOCSIS 4.0 [Technical Difficulty] and so we're going to continue to drive the mid-split upgrade areas. DOCSIS 4.0 follows that mid-split trajectory. And that is our focus, continued focus is just providing leadership of where the market's going.  The reason why, to answer your question, in terms of where do we see the benefits, it's that point, that the market is going to continue, whether it's the sports discussion we talked about earlier, as more and more things start to perhaps go to streaming, there will be more simultaneous contention at peak moments and we're in a great position with the networks. So having that, the ability to have faster speeds, ubiquitous network coverage at scale, the most efficient network and effectively delivering, we've got [Technical Difficulty] customers that are 1 gig today, 70% of our customers are 400 megabits or higher, and we see where things are going. So I think the answer is both. I think, over time, it's customer relationship as it's going to become increasingly harder for some of the competition to keep up in terms of – they have to make network trade-offs in fixed wireless, in particular, and so that to me is both rate and volume.  And on – the last point is just on the lower end, it was a lot of activity in the lower end. We did respond in the first quarter but made adjustments for the second half, so that – I talked about that.
David Watson: So in terms of CBRS, it's what I said before that we're in position – it's an option for us. We're in a good position and we like our – where we're at with our current deal, the MVNO, capital light approach, everything that we talked about is consistent.  But we've always been very interested – and the benefit of CBRS is on the cost side, and that if you have – again, 3% of your geographic footprint that's delivering 60% of the traffic, that's a good option and if we can figure out how to do that. So we're – that's what's really driving it. And – but we've always been very focused on how to build a better overall wireless experience. We have I think great Wi-Fi capability in addition to CBRS if that's something we want to do. But the key for CBRS is that we just want to be in position and doing it without a massive amount of CapEx to be able to deliver that smaller geographic area. And in regards to 600 megahertz, it's just a – it was an opportunity to get value for areas of the country outside of our areas and it just made sense to – it was a good transaction for us and not something that we're going to build outside of our footprint. Operator: Our final question today is coming from Steven Cahall from Wells Fargo. Your line is now live.
David Watson: Let me start, Steven. This is Dave. The biggest driver in terms of ARPU was that, the first half of the year, our focus – we did make adjustments in that first part of the year about being a little bit more aggressive in the lower end. This resulted in a mix shift among new customers that were coming on and this caused the deceleration in ARPU growth from where we were before at 4.5% to 3.9%. The 3.9% is still very strong ARPU growth and consistent with our planning and what we were talking about. So that was really the biggest driver.  Some certainly benefit over time to a little bit better performance in the video business with NOW TV, which is beginning to pick up the pace. So pleased with that. But it was mostly that refinement of the lower end offers, and you're not going to see that, by the way, that level of deceleration from Q3 to Q4 as we made those adjustments. So that – it's mostly the tier mix change that I talked about.
Brian Roberts: Great question. We're really excited about Xumo and the progress that we've made – we're making together now with Charter, and it's an amazing platform that started with X1, but now will be in televisions, it will be in devices, and it will be all over the nation and frankly all over the world.  The heart and soul of it is our entertainment operating system which is global that includes Sky, all of Canada, Cox, and a number of other distributors that we now gradually build up to, all be helping to finance and help the innovation roadmap. So what is that innovation roadmap? It's really like you're suggesting, what do customers really want? They want a great platform, a great pipe. There want world-class content that they customize. And they want someone to make it really simple for them and do the heavy lifting as you bounce in between services, and that is what we really built our company on all these years and this industry on.  So it is somewhat ironic that we've unbundled to rebundle to unbundle to rebundle and everybody has a different version of that and we're at a moment in time, but a lot of it is having one great platform that now the entire industry has and thankfully all of you on this phone who do not live in a Comcast market, which is many, are now soon going to be able to get these products, talk to your voice remote, and see how fantastic the experience is, whether you buy the cable bundle or not. And that's a big point. As most of our sales now are broadband only, we want to make sure we are the best aggregator for streaming. And then a logical next step will be us or others beginning to try to make it even easier for consumers to purchase and to switch packages. So it's an important part of the roadmap and this was a big week in the Charter announcement. And I'm sure, in their call, they'll talk about their commitment to the JV as well. Operator: Next question is coming from Phil Cusick from JPMorgan.
Brian Roberts: Okay. Well, this is Brian. Let me start and kick it over to Mike because I think your industry question on sports is really profound and important. I think our company has had a long, deep, rich history in sports, both parts of the company. The best way to consume an NFL game or the Olympics is to have our entertainment operating system I just talked about in Craig's question, and you'll see that in the Olympics. There will be nothing like it. The same goes for I think NBC Sports which is the number one show in television on Sunday Night Football. We've got a great team and a culture of big events, whether it goes from the Kentucky Derby, which the ratings are much higher when it's been on NBC than any previous platform, and then on and on.  And with Peacock now, we have the most live sports of any of the streaming services. And I believe that that's a surprise to many people when they learn that and believe that to be the case, and that's a commitment we made when we had things like English Premier League or Tour de France or golf or events that went on for longer periods of time than were typically on a network where you wanted more camera angles or more feeds and more games, and that sets us up for being relevant in the transition that we're all talking about. How do we go from analog to digital in a way that helps the leagues?  And so, yeah, I can't speculate on what might happen to ESPN, but what I could speculate is we meet with the leagues which we do frequently, we think we present a somewhat unique ability to help get the maximum engagement now with broadcast and cable, particularly our broadcast platform, as well as having a robust streaming service and a super quarter here regarding the kind of momentum that we've garnered. A lot of that is driven by sports on Peacock. And that sets you up to answer your advertising question, which I'll let Mike go into a bit, but at the highest level, we're creating the digital capability on Peacock in the most relevant content. That looks like a very winning combination for us as a strategy.
Brian Roberts: One last point I just wanted to add that one of the great things about sports that we're very excited about is streaming sports and what that means for our broadband network strategy that Dave was just talking about. Dave and the team I think have found a great balance in how we're running the operation, but a big part of that is a commitment and a belief that we see all sports finding a way over the next many years or maybe not so many years to be more and more streamed, and that's going to require more bandwidth and that's going to require and create an opportunity for us to have the superior product in the market.  So that's our strategy, and so sports really, back to your first question, Jessica, is at the heart and soul of a lot of what we do. Operator: Our next question is coming from Brett Feldman from Goldman Sachs.
Brian Roberts: I would just say on the Charter and Disney, what I think it was in sort of the first question I answered, we think there's a – echo what Dave said, not one size fits all, very glad, happy for both companies that they figured something out. Good for consumers. Each situation is slightly different. What I think is important for us is finding a way to help our customers have a great network, aggregate that content, and have access to the great content, and I think we're really well positioned to do that and we're looking forward to executing upon that. Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Jonathan Chaplin from New Street. Your line is now live.
Brian Roberts: This is Brian. I actually will let Mike answer because he did such a great job in his old job as CFO in helping put our balance sheet in this enviable position that he described in his opening or comments about how long the debt is and some of the interest rates. We have a great business this quarter, another demonstration of it. The start to the year is fantastic. But, Mike, why don't you – so therefore, the bar is very high to do anything other than the plan we've got and we like the company but, Mike, why don't you go into your thoughts on that content question specifically.
