Brian Roberts: Thanks, Jason. I am really pleased with our team and this outstanding performance for the first-half of the year. It was a terrific quarter on all the great metrics you've just articulated. So, I would like to just zoom out a bit. And probably what's most exciting is the hopefully recurring and sustainable model that we are able to leverage our faster growing businesses which you laid out to generate revenue growth for the entire company. And then, we convert that all the way free cash flow per share that accelerates with the strength of our company and our balance sheet. I really couldn't be more proud of the team, excited about the future. So, Marci, let's turn it over to you for Q&A.
Brian Roberts: I just want to add that, you know, really bullish on the parks is one of the six areas, Jason mentioned that we feel are the growth driver of the company in the years ahead. We were just down in Orlando recently looking at Epic Universe, progress, and it's spectacular. What's coming in 2025, we have the two parks, the smaller parks in Vegas and outside Dallas. So, we are looking for growth in this area. We are pretty excited about the results that Jason and Mike have talked about, and I just draw your attention that the opportunity in Orlando with Epic is pretty massive, we believe.
Brian Roberts: So, in terms of content, I'm really pleased, Jessica, with the elevation of couple of my partners at NBC; one of them being Donna Langley, who is one of the most respected people in Hollywood, along with -- we have great leader, Pearlena Igbokwe, who runs our TV Studios. So, I think giving them a sort of content vertical that's going to work closely with Mark Lazarus on the TV side and platform side, and Cesar Conde, our News and Telemundo, I think is going to really take advantage of the company that we have. We are going to obviously be very much focused on creating great content, but we already do create great content, I think when you look at the movie slates we've had and the TV that we produce for ourselves and others, and I think that strategy is going to continue. We are not going to be creating content exclusively for ourselves, but I think it's a great advantage for our studios to actually have platforms that can take a substantial amount, though not all, of the content that we can create, which puts us in a great position to work with all sorts of talent and creators in Hollywood and elsewhere can come work with our great leadership in our studios, and we help bring their ideas to life. In terms of cost and strategy and so forth, that's a -- we will work in the context of the industry and the buyers, and what they're looking for, and be responsive to that. But I feel very good about the way our studio businesses are set up. In terms of advertising, the ad market softened versus last year, stabilized as it came into this year and has stayed stable, and I think that would be on the back of just uncertainty about economic outlook looking forward. And I think, Jason's comments are, we don't see that condition changing as we are looking into the third quarter and second-half of the year. As you know, I think we feel good about our upfronts, despite those headwinds, our total cash and pricing levels was roughly in line with last year, and really strong related to Peacock in particular. A lot of that comes from the strength of our portfolio, as I have mentioned earlier, where we see strength around Big Ten, Sunday Night Football, Peacock, one platform and alike all things that are helpful us out quite a bit.
Jason Armstrong: So, sports rights, going back to that last question, for all the reasons I said, and I will keep it shorter this time, we should -- we are always looking to see if there is ways to add more value to our business, and likewise work with our partners. So, obviously NBA is coming up. That's a fantastic property. We don't necessarily need it, given the portfolio we have, but given, it's strength and our historical involvement in the sports, something I would like to see is take a look at, as if, for instance. But we will see where that goes. And then on theme parks, we have -- you know, I think one of the best quarters we have seen, tremendous momentum in the overall portfolio, we feel very, very good about the parks business overall. Hollywood was a record on the back of Nintendo opening up; Japan doing well and a record as well there for second quarter; and Beijing, highest level of profitability. In Orlando, it is -- really compares very well to pre-pandemic. We are obviously down on attendance, which was kind of unprecedented in the back of coming of COVID, so, not surprised by that softening. That said, we are at levels of attendance and per caps being better, so that overall we feel good about what we are seeing in Orlando. We've had -- you know, with the stronger dollar you still are seeing softness of international attendance, which continues to be about 30% lower than pre-pandemic levels. We expect that to sort of continue. And on the domestic side, it's just been rebalancing with cruise lines back and people, the flipside of the dollar doing some international travel. It's the dynamics that you see in Orlando. We feel very good about what's going on there. And Brian, you can jump in here.
Jason Armstrong: Yes, and I think Stephen, important for us as we came into this year with the re-segmentation, how we start to present it out to the world, this was an important category. So, international connectivity, as we think about Sky and taking the brand name and reputation that they sort of earned in video and taking that into other products like broadband and wireless, the way they have, this quarter $1 billion in revenue coming from connectivity international. So, kudos to the team, and I think it's important that we've been able to highlight that at the street.
Jason Armstrong: Yes, thanks, John; good question. So, on mix and margins in the connectivity business, I think we have had a fairly consistent track record if you look at the last several years of margin expansion. If you look at the core sort of legacy cable business, as we mentioned this quarter, record margin over 47%. And the factors that have contributed to that historically are in place as we look forward. I think Mike's comment upfront about being able to grow revenue, being able to grow margins; that's a key part of it. So, to your question specifically on connectivity, there is a mix shift going on, when we talk about sort of the six key growth drivers across the company, three are sort of core connectivity growth drivers, whether it's residential broadband, business services, or wireless, this is an accretive mix shift for us, as we think about the way the categories are sort of shifting and what's growing versus what's not growing. So, I would look for more of the same. I think also importantly for the team for the second consecutive quarter, every expense line in connectivity and platforms was down year-over-year, except for direct product costs, and those are the costs that directly support the connectivity and platforms, revenue growth and the categories we talked about. So, our outlook for more of the same in continued margin expansion out of the business. I think on Peacock, you are right, we came into the year, and gave guidance for roughly $3 billion in losses, no change to that. And as you see, we are pacing to that over the first couple of quarters. We've got a lot of incremental content as we think in the back-half of the year, as Mike said, so no change to that guidance.
Jason Armstrong: Yes. Jonathan, thanks for the question on wireless, can't speak to Verizon and their revenue trajectory. I know they have got a few different things in the wholesale revenue category beyond just cable. But I can speak to obviously the economics of our business. We are happy with it. We think it's good business for Verizon. What they said yesterday as they think about traffic and ways to fill up their network. But for us specifically, we've got a revenue stream coming in from customers. We have a wholesale deal with Verizon to accommodate that traffic where there is outflows, but then, we are also trying to offload as much traffic as we can on our own network. We've got a fairly efficient acquisition vehicle. And a lot of this is just marketed to our own broadband subscriber. So, in terms of acquisition cost, I think we are fairly efficient in the market. And then all the way down sort of closer to cash flow, this is a capital-light model, which we like. So, I will leave it there.
