Brian Roberts: Thanks, Marci, and hello everyone. Our financial results were very strong across the board once again this quarter. We grew second quarter consolidated revenue by 5%, adjusted EBITDA by 10%, and adjusted EPS by 20%. We accomplished this while continuing to invest in our businesses and returned significant capital to shareholders. Specifically we bought back $3 billion worth of our stock in the quarter, bringing our total to $6 billion year-to-date. And we continue to have a healthy dividend and one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry. Our prudent financial management and long-term innovation-based strategy are paying off in Cable which posted 5% growth in EBITDA and 70 basis points of year-over-year margin expansion. In fact, our EBITDA margin reached a record high of nearly 45% this quarter. While we’ve added nearly 800,000 broadband subscribers in the past 12 months, more recently that pace has slowed and we posted flat broadband subscriber additions in the second quarter. I’d like to dig into what we are seeing in that area. Broadband additions of course are basically a function of churn and connect activity. While churn remains well below 2019, connect activity was also lower than what we generally see in the second quarter. We believe this is primarily the result of three factors. The first category is move activity. As we’ve discussed for some time now, there’s been a dramatic slowdown in moves across our footprint with the second quarter below 2019 by 12% and the lowest we’ve experienced since the pandemic began. Our win share of new customer acquisition opportunities remains high, but the slowdown in moves has resulted in fewer of these jump balls and this had had the largest impact on our gross connects. The second category is a reversal of some pandemic trends. During the pandemic, many customers, particularly at lower income levels sought to optimize home based solutions by adding broadband. This presented us with significant opportunity to take more share in residential broadband. In fact, in the first year of the pandemic, we added nearly 50% or 600,000 more customers than our prior annual average growth. At this stage in the pandemic, those opportunities have waned as consumer behavior has begun to return to pre-pandemic patterns. We’ve also seen some give back to a normalization of mobile substitution. In addition during the pandemic, seasonality patterns were very different than what we had seen historically and this really began to also normalize in this second quarter, causing more seasonal disconnects that did not occur at typical levels in the prior two years. The last bucket is increased competition. Fixed wireless is a new entrant in the marketplace and while there are likely to be significant long-term limitations, today’s excess capacity in wireless networks is creating what we believe to be a temporary opportunity targeted at value-oriented customers. We are not seeing fixed wireless have any discernible impact on our churn, but its early growth appears to be another contributor to our lower connect activity. In addition, we continue to compete against fiber in an increasing percentage of our footprint. Notwithstanding these industry and mostly macro-related factors, we remain extremely confident. We have spent decades investing and innovating to build a business that is well-positioned to succeed in the environment were seeing and we certainly expect a return to residential broadband subscriber additions. How do we plan to do that? Well we’re working hard to expand our footprint, taking advantage of growth in housing and businesses in our current markets, accelerating edge outs into new areas and we are playing offense when it comes to government subsidies.
Brian Roberts: Thanks Ben. I think what I was trying to say at the end of my remarks was cutting right at your point. I think we are in a fabulous place. We have kind of unprecedented cash flow and scale by our -- what we've got as one company. We're working really well together. We always think about, whether this is the competitive right set for the company and I feel it is. If you look at all the broad diversified growth drivers that came out here again in the second quarter, whether it's Wireless net adds at a record near record levels, or the Business Service growth back to high single digits, the new attendance records to your question about Theme Parks, domestically the last couple of years in broadband, you know, obviously we’ve talked I’m sure some more here about that, but having almost 3 million customers going from zero to 13 million paid subs in a of couple years at Peacock is a great achievement and the highest rated broadcast network. I think all parts of the company are really doing a great job in some interesting times. By the way, our treasury department went out while interest rates were low and we've basically repriced the whole balance sheet for something on the order of 18 years average maturity at record low rates. So I feel we are able to return capital to shareholders. I think that's been a real focus and I think we did it again this quarter. Our bar is therefore very high to -- as we look at things from that -- through that strategic lens of our cash flow and scale. So I think we feel really strong. I think we have so many diversified businesses that are -- each has its own game plan and we'll talk I’m sure a little bit about some of them today, but the biggest ones are really, well run. We've got some new leadership in a number of cases and I'm really pleased with the company that could post 10% EBITDA growth.
Brian Roberts: Well, actually let me start with fiber Craig. And, there we've been at it for a long period of time. You know, we've gone from zero to over 15-year period from 0% to 40% overbuild. And so that is we have good visibility to where fiber is and that's all over the place, at this point between multiple fiber providers. And important to note whether it's fiber or any other form of competition, we’re growing in every single geographic area. With fixed wireless, you're right in that, there appears to be two things. One, they are adding some small business, new, maybe even expanding the marketplace a bit with small business, watching that closely. They're a little bit more rural which we have been watching, but it's kind of across the board. When you have again, this launch phase of somebody doing it at scale like this, you see it a little bit all over. But again, the difference here is our churn versus fiber back in the day where we saw churn go up. We’re not seeing that here. We are seeing a little bit of pressure on connects, and it's kind of all over, which points towards more of the main drivers being what I mentioned earlier. It's the move activity plus the mobile search. So that is really the key thing, but we watch it. One of our great strengths is local competition. We stay on it in a very granular basis. We watch this very closely. So your point is a good one.
Brian Roberts: Yes. Mike, you may want to jump in on this or Dave. This is Brian. The -- absolutely like the communications business that we're in, that’s certainly my roots in life. And the most recent acquisition we made, we call these kind of tuck-in acquisitions, would be Masergy. And that's in the Business Services Group, and it's off to a really good start and allows us, just like you said, more capabilities. I think that's probably more what our focus is, how do we look for new revenue sources and new growth avenues and do people who've either started a company or built a company have something that we can then scale faster and that's been a good pattern. So Dave's team looks at that all the time, Mike and the business development team. So you guys want to add to that? I think it's pretty...
Jeffrey Shell: Thanks, Brian. Ben, I'll just take the Parks one really quickly. So, obviously the Parks business historically has been subject to macro trends and there's no reason to think that that won't be the case in the future. When we look at our business we’re just not seeing it yet in our numbers and our performance. And if you kind of look at the -- we're putting up these numbers despite the fact that our international visitation domestically is about half of what it has historically been. So we expect that to increase over time back to where it should be. We have a lot of attractions. We continued building attractions during the pandemic. Brian talked about Epic in the opening. We have those attractions continuing. Internationally Japan has been steadily improving quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter, still not back to where it was pre-pandemic, but the trend line is really good. And Beijing, which was closed two of the three months of this quarter opened in the third month and is doing really well, much better than we expected despite COVID constraints still on capacity. So, and all that international performance is subject obviously to the strong dollar and that is a headwind for us. So I think we feel really good about the Parks and feel like there's a lot of growth ahead of us despite what could be macro challenges that we could or might face. We're just not seeing it yet.
Jeffrey Shell: Yes. So I just -- thanks, Mike. I would just add, Doug, that in the advertising market, the advertising market is choppy. I mean, I think we said that last time. It continues to be choppy, down year-on-year in the scatter market. It's really segment by segment-based though some segments are doing better. Some segments are doing worse. And we just finished the upfront, as Brian said in his opening and the upfront was way better than we expected. So definitely some, as I said choppiness, but nothing really that dramatic.
Jeffrey Shell: Yes. But just following up on the last thing you said, the per cap. So I think one of the surprises coming out of the pandemic for us has been the strength of per cap spending. Normally, people who come in from international spend more on Harry Potter wands and so forth than people domestically. And we've seen domestic per cap speed just tremendous coming out of the pandemic. And we've seen no weakness in that coming out of the quarter into the next quarter.
David Watson: Hey Phil, this is Dave. Let me go into both of that, the competitive landscape and the promotional intensity. So let me start with the drivers very quickly, because I think that sets it up. And Brian mentioned, since March of 2020, we've added the 3 million broadband customers to this point. And so, you look at, things like the move activity, June being the lowest level, you know, this all happened, mobile substitution, really driving that 3 million with the surge and in seasonality places like Florida, that in 2021, we actually gained customers, which we normally don't and this quarter we were negative in Florida. So you put all that together. We have to, I think put that in perspective and that determines, a lot of the competitive planning, but we've always approached competition with a tremendous sense of urgency. We have local competition. We have large national scaled competition and most certainly fixed wireless is the newest one. And you go through a launch phase that typically adds pressure and we are seeing that on the front end. As Brian said, it's impacting the Connects. We do not see it in churn. So our approach is to segment the marketplace, go after each segment, provide great value, really lean into the network benefits that we have and compete fiercely for each segment. We've always done that and we'll continue to do that. Mobile is an area where we really can continue to be aggressive. We have been doing that. I think the were very strong in the second quarter in terms of mobile. I think there's more that we can do as we integrate mobile into every single sales channel. So look for us to continue to be aggressive in regards to how we package each segment and leverage mobile. What we won't do is chase pricing down to the bottom. So we're going to have a good balanced approach towards competing fiercely for each segment, but we have a great network. We have great innovation. We have the best WiFi gateway device that's out there. We're going to leverage our strengths in every part of what we do. And so, with all of those things, you manage the promotional intensity for the long run, but we continue to evolve our competitive playbook all the time. But you won't see us, go down and chase discounting. Mobile is a great addition, adding value and look for us to continue to do that. And I think, you know, one of the unusual moments part of this is with the mobile surge with wireless only coming back, look for us to continue to leverage the best broadband network with the best mobile. And by the way, for those that are paying attention to the Ookla stuff, we have the data from Ookla in terms of mobile service and Xfinity mobile is the fastest overall mobile service provider, so look for us to leverage that. We'll combine the best network with best mobile service and we'll continue to do that, but there won't be a dramatic shift in promotional intensity.
David Watson: Thanks, Mike. Hey, Doug. So on looking forward, almost certainly where we're at right now, I think, points towards the game plan. We had -- in broadband alone, we had really healthy ARPU growth, 3.6%, half being rate-driven, the other half just how we manage tier mix. So I think there's – if you look at the overall strength of the total relationships, 32 million broadband relationships that we have and the ability to manage through that and focusing on the strengths of the network, the strengths of the product, we'll continue to do that. We have a lot of levers that we'll focus on. And again, we talked about promotional intensity, but we're going to put customers in the right segment. We always segment the marketplace. We'll continue to do that. And so you also look at multiple growth areas that we have in Cable where Business Services, Brian talked about that, is a growth opportunity. Mobile is a growth opportunity. The platform even for Video, I feel, is a growth opportunity. So we will consistently manage and be competitive with the broadband relationships. But I think we'll continue to focus on our network and the product advantages that we have and that will help us focus on being able to the pricing approach that we have in the marketplace.
David Watson: I think two things. One, just following on Masergy, it is a great example. It's an opportunity to grow. It's one of our most important areas, mid-market and enterprise just an example of making the right kind of bet on that and it's off to a really good start. The teams are working really well together. Masergy, our business services teams, and doing exactly what we'd hoped for in the early days of integration. Second point is APCO in a joint venture with Charter, another great example of an opportunity to grow. And having a scaled platform like that, investing in that future, I think, is the right kind of bet to make. We'll continue to look for those opportunities.
David Watson: Yes. Hey so, Dave here John. On the overall approach towards the marketplace and pricing, really we've always segmented the marketplace. So we've done that over a long period of time, so there's not a dramatic shift in the current environment. There certainly is with mobile substitution, and I think that skews more lower end, and so, but we've always participated and had great programs like Internet Essentials, and so we don't see a real shift. We've always gone in and out in terms of our approaches towards offers and have different competitive answers. And when you look at the fiber, we've gone -- we're at 40%. That's where we are at right now. It's been the steady build they surged early on. We're quite used to it and compete very aggressively against all of the fiber group and don't really see a change. You look at the telco results, not -- it speaks for themselves. So we're -- that competitive area, we've had a consistent approach and won't change our aggressiveness, which has always been segment-based, best network, best products and let that be the main driver of our competitive playbook.
Michael Cavanagh: So Mike, it’s Doug. I'll jump in. I think across the board we're generally -- we're not seeing slowdown. Dave can comment or add on payments on the consumer side and I'll let Jeff comment on advertising, but versus some of the commentary you've seen, I think we're able to deal with some of the macro stuff impact on consumer and impact on cost in our expense base. Brian already mentioned the interest rate side of it, and 85% fixed at the grade levels we -- he mentioned. And then on our expense base, very small part of it is energy related through fuel rolling trucks. Others -- other areas, labor and the like, we have pressures like all others. But I think we know how to manage our way through these kind of challenges. So I wouldn't call out as we look to the second half of the year that macro is a particularly big issue. I'll let Jeff jump in.
Michael Cavanagh: And I'll just jump in one more time, and Dave can follow up. But I mean, when we -- across all the businesses, budget exercise and the like, I mean, our job and the way we think about it is to really think about optimizing for the long-term. So last thing you're going to see us doing is -- and it goes back to the strength of balance sheet, strength of cash flow, we won't be cutting muscle. We're very focused on in tougher times trimming some fat, but it will be very, very long-term minded in how we think about investment priorities, which are substantial to drive future growth and so fortunately, we're in a position where we don't have to sacrifice that. That doesn't mean there won't be tactical adjustments and belt tightening, but I'll throw it over to Dave.
Michael Cavanagh: Nothing. It's all in balance, but I think as Brian said, the bar is always high. But I think we look at smaller stuff and like Masergy and even smaller, and there's a steady diet of trying to add capability, innovation and scale it up across the whole footprint of Cable. And a lot of it is inclusive of, remember, the road map for tech, video aggregation, broadband and the like is shared with Sky. And so when we look at that question, we're really looking across both of those businesses together.
Michael Cavanagh: More or less, yes, Jonathan. It's Mike. So I mean, I think we think about the long-term cycles that are around our businesses and the economy. And I mean, it's been our view that having a strong balance sheet defined by the leverage or the ratings we've chosen to seek is the right way to run the balance sheet. And I think Brian talked about and others have observed that together with the ability to invest heavily in our businesses, maintain a strong balance sheet, return lots of capital to shareholders and keep driving future growth by investing back in the businesses is a formula that in times like these with uncertain markets, I think there's a lot of companies out there that wish they had those characteristics. So it's not lost on us. But nonetheless, we've been active in capital return, $6 billion of buybacks in the year-to-date, 14th year in a row of raising the dividend. That's on the back of really strong financials in the first half of the year. And I think, hopefully, the takeaway from this call is, our feeling comes through that we feel very good about the EBITDA strength coming into the second half of the year. So -- but that's how we think about it. I wouldn't be reacting to change our leverage and balance sheet design because it's really designed to take us through many different kinds of cycles.
