Dave Watson: Well, Ben, this is Dave. I'll kick off on the Cable side. I think it starts with the main point that we've had great momentum in Broadband for many quarters now well before COVID. There's been real strength in the category for us, and I think if we point towards the fundamentals of Broadband, and the fundamentals have been very consistent for us.  And it starts with the market, the market is growing we're taking share. And the sources are geographic all over the country where we serve and across the board competitively, with DSL sources, telco wired, wireless, and other competitors. So, I think, while they're in '20 truly an exceptional year from performance.  And as Brian said, I think the right way of looking at '20 you got to look at the full year results. And when you do that the 2 million net customer additions, it really is extraordinary. Fundamentals that we see going forward, low churn. We compete well on the front end, because we've consistently invested in the best network in the marketplace. And I think that is ubiquitous.  We deliver the best overall service, redefine the category in speed, coverage, control, and now streaming. And so, you add up all those things, I think it points towards strong organic growth. But as you look to next year, as Mike said, we do have a healthy start to the year. We're really encouraged what we're seeing right out of the gates.  But I do think 2020 as everybody went home and there is just a lot more in a short period of time, folks that were working from home, schooling from home, I think there's -- that's a unique moment. But I think the fundamentals continue. We have penetration upside. There's growth opportunities that we believe strongly. I think '19 was a very strong year, too by the way. I think that is the right one to look at as the best benchmark on a go-forward basis.
Dave Watson: Hey Ben. So, Peacock obviously is primarily an AVOD service. And we have a number of metrics, the one that we that Brian and Mike talked about today is signups with loops every quarter which we reached 33 million this week. People sign up then they use it actively and then the usage per user that drive the amount of hours we saw on advertising.  And we are up significantly over all of our metrics versus what we anticipated going into the business. We are only, we launched this on Comcast just over nine months ago and nationally just over six months ago, so we’re at the very beginning of this business. But we are very confident based on the small amount of time that the business model has adapted the right business model, people are signing up, they are using what we have expected. And advertisers are very interested in buying it.  So, this steady growth is very promising for us and we don’t have anything to reframe at this point, but I think that the performance that is much better than we expected, give us a lot of optionality going forward. But we're just going to continue to drive this business model now and focus on the advertising revenue. 
Dave Watson: Yeah. Hi, Jessica. So, we've been really pleased with the relationship of Verizon, we had a great partnership and glad that one important aspect of things is that improved MVNO. Brian mentioned, the capital light approach is working for us, we think is going to work in the future.  So, I think as a starting point certainly will enable us to amplify what we're already doing, really push towards a range of offers that keep us very competitive. We continue to grab switching share and the mobile space. But you back up for a second and we're just overall, we have been pleased and we're very optimistic about the mobile business and what it will do.  In particular, continues to perform very well for broadband retention. And so, we're committed to accelerating growth in mobile. And we mentioned this last time. And while the MVNO enhancement will be a nice step forward, there are a lot of other things that we're doing like, really going after every single sales channel that we have. We reopen retail in a safe mode, new safety protocols and every single sales channel, whether it's digital, all centers, you name it, we're really focusing on mobile.  So, we're also leaning into 5G. We'll participate very much in 5G and we're featuring mobile in packaging, with broadband, leading in some cases when there's a new product, NPI, whether it's Apple, Samsung, we use that moment to literally lead with mobile. So, I think overall, we're real pleased. And I think we feel good about the runway.  I would also point towards our overarching plan that one, we have access to I think just the country's best network, with Verizon. And so, we talked about that. I think we also are leveraging -- continue to leverage Wi-Fi. And we're -- we've always uniquely provided a great experience, not just in the home, we're improving things outside in the public area.  And then over time, I think the key thing too is being able to add a third layer, which could be our own targeted wireless infrastructure which we might use to supplement the Verizon network and really go after the high dense usage areas, spectrum that we've already acquired. So, I think all these factors point towards particularly a unique opportunity for us. 
Dave Watson: Yes, I think the focus of us really going after margin capital intensity improvements, that's not going to stop, starts with connectivity, and building customer relationships in a profitable way managing this video transition, like we're doing. And extreme focus around expenses that we in a healthy way, Mike talked about, Brian's talked about just taking a lot of transactions out.  Our digital focus and self-install kits, these are things that I think are very durable, that'll go beyond what we're dealing with in this environment. I think we learned a ton. And we'll continue to operate the business in a unique way. So, I think you look towards those kinds of activities the amount of SIK, today two-thirds of the transactions that connects or that way, and then three quarters of our digital capable transactions are being completed through our digital tools.  We're going to continue to focus on all those things that just drive non-programming cost. And so, we'll stay focused on all of that.
Dave Watson: Okay, yes, well, let me touch on the first one then and go into CBRS. But going Flex, starting Craig with their current strategy just a little bit, that we package it with broadband, another great way of surrounding broadband with products that drive better retention outcomes. And that it's working, it's working very well. So, we target it to the streaming segment and give the customer great experience with excellent voice and all the apps, so tons of apps will have just about everything.  Pleased with the Peacock performance for sure. All the other apps that we've launched, including HBO Max and soon to be later on this quarter, Disney. I think today it is more targeted. But as you mentioned, I really do think the next phase that we're working on and developing for and turning our innovation focus is that this is a long-term platform opportunity for us.  And aspect of the company that we have called XUMO, that I think you all know that's one piece of being able to drive, helped drive advertising. We can participate and revenue in the app split's that we get. And so, we think of this with scale. And as you build a common software stack that includes Sky, do it together, which we're already working on, and then you have opportunities which we've talked about going to smart TVs, but really leveraging unique scale internationally that we can have, whether it's a device or whether it's a software solution.  But I think these are the things that we'll look at. Right now, it's working great within footprint, but we're building our plans beyond that. 
Dave Watson: I think the only other point on wireless and Brian and Craig would be, we are looking at and working on development plans around the targeted use of the CBRS spectrum in dense high usage areas and how we could offload traffic, how the experience be terrific in doing so? So, nothing more really to comment at this point. This is a multiyear effort, but a lot of focus is on it right now.
Brian Roberts: Yeah. Understood. Well, first of all, I want to echo what Jeff said, really pleased with how fast Peacock has exceeded this year, even without the Olympics that we had hoped for and that was going to be the big launch moment. So, I think the team is doing an outstanding job and giving us the best start that that I think everyone would want to have an even better than that, perhaps. So that gives us just great expectations for the future. So, sitting here today, I believe there will be in Olympics. I hope it'll be in Olympics and I think that's our best intelligence at this time. And we're excited about that. I think it can be done in a variety of ways, as we've seen sporting events all over the world take place from Premier League to the NFL, and many others with limited spectators, no spectators or wherever the world may be in Japan in July. That'll be up to the host country and host committee.  If in the event, it doesn't happen, we have another Olympics coming in Beijing, seven months later or so. So, I don't know Jeff, do you want to add anything to that but we're very hopeful and believe that they'll find a way to safely and successfully have the Olympics, which for us is a television event and would be an amazing moment for the world to come back together post what we've all globally been through, which is so unprecedented. So, we're super hopeful and optimistic.
Brian Roberts: Hang on for sec, let me just add to that then that the whole articulation of the company's strategy with broadband and aggregation and streaming, I think is embodied inside flex. So, Peacock's success very much partially due to the early success to what Flex can do for Broadband customers. And we're seeing other programmers are approaching us with their content and seeing with both the X1 platform and the Peacock platform and this Flex platform can do for them.  So, that's led us to looking at what Dave was just talking about, what are other opportunities that are in -- that can be taken advantage of this scale and this platform and the ability to bundle things that way? And I think we'll have more to talk about throughout the year. Same sort of answer on the wireless question.  I think what we're set up for future opportunities with some of the investments we've made and some of our early success. So, I share your client’s enthusiasm, I think the product is going to continue to improve. We'll have some more updates on that as we go along. But I'm very encouraged as well. And I think the team that created Flex has done a great service for the company. Keep going, Dave. 
Brian Roberts: Yeah, I would just add two other things. I think it's an important moment for us today in getting to a point that we feel the businesses are healthy that we can see, we believe and we hope obviously things can change with progress, with the vaccinations and the impaired businesses really having a roadmap to full recovery and beyond.  And so, getting back in balance with as Mike described earlier, I think is really important something that I certainly really have wanted us to get to. Second, we've also said that we'd like to mix up businesses. Hopefully 70% of the company being broadband-centric is proved to be a really successful model.  And we've had 10 wonderful years of growth with NBCUniversal and last year was the only exception to that. So, we expect great growth in all our businesses but having a mix with the businesses can work together. But having majority of the company being broadband centric has worked really well for us.  So, I think it's a -- we are very pleased with the company we've got, we got a great scale, we've got momentum. That's where our focus at and the main priority was today to get to this announcement of our expectations, and then go ahead and hopefully, see the world go in the right direction here and continue on the path we're on and get to the execution of that later in this year. So important step today. 
Brian Roberts: Okay. And I know, we'll be having this conversation about the new administration government. So, let me just quickly say, I don't think there's anything new. We've managed successfully to work with different administrations, with different regulatory perspectives around the broadband business.  And -- but our view is obviously strongly felt that the long-standing light touch regulation has worked since President Clinton created that classification and reduces regulatory risk for investors and allowed the company to invest more and have paid dividends unbelievably well during COVID. And we were never asked to down raise any services. And content providers and consumers really benefited. And that wasn't universally the case around the globe, with different broadband regimes. But we do believe in the neutrality and how we're not going to discriminate, block, throttle and some of the other principles that we've committed to. And so, if there's a way to find a way to codify that and perhaps with this issue and a permanent more consistent place that's certainly a possibility.  I would like to just end the call by introducing Dana Strong just for a moment, who's taken over Sky just last couple weeks. Starting next call, Dana will be available to talk about Sky in great detail, but Dana didn't want this moment to pass without congratulating you, with this introducing you to the group here to say just a few words.
