Dave Watson: Well as Brian said I think there is the growth opportunities both in market share and rate. and if you look at the overall numbers of broadband, the overall broadband penetration being around 80% there is room just there. So home growth is solid in 2017, so home's past growing by 1.4%. the DSL base is still substantial so overall as you start there's room for growth. But what we're focused on is what's working. What's working is, this focus that Brian mentioned around innovation and we have a great scaled infrastructure, got 3.1 that's now at the end of the year at 80%. We'll complete that by the end of 2018, puts us in position to have very large scaled on gig rolled out. So as consumption and usage continues to climb, we're going to be ahead of the curve in terms of capacity. So and then the big three for us are speeds, we continue to increase speeds we've done that consistently the 16 times at the last 17 years and the new thing is, is coverage the combination of great devices best-in-class gateway devices that in off themselves provide great coverage, you marry that with the new pods the Wi-Fi extenders and so coverage I think is a great answer that will help us drive the business and then last is, being able to control all these things. So connect that modest rate increases, you're focusing on disciplined approach towards multi-product discounts making sure that the extent they just want broadband and [indiscernible], we'll be disciplined in that approach and so - and also, as consumption goes, we're going to be very focused on providing the best tier of broadband service for the customer. So there's opportunities and rate and growth.
Dave Watson: In mobile while it's early Phil that we're really pleased with the early stage results. we launched in May. As Mike said early, we achieved 380,000 lines so there is solid momentum as we approach. We like our game plan we like the fact that's connected to our existing business lines and it's a really simple product approach that can scale and so strong digital focus experience. What we're finding is, that By the Gig approach is very attractive to most of the customers are taking out, we still sell on limited but it's - I think in very unique position as we scale this to do both. So it's early still and just brandings kicking in and we're expanding distribution to our existing retail locations and we're going to begin to package it with our other lines of business including broadband so it gives us just real packaging optionality, so I think we're well positioned going into 2018 as we scale mobile.
Dave Watson: So John on the video side, it is definitely very competitive video environment then we really don't expect to level a competition to diminish. However, we're going to continue to aggressively compete for profitable video relationships and our approach what is working and we made some a very moderate adjustments as how we compete that, I think have helped us in Q4 but we're going to continue to segment the marketplace and we've introduced new services like Instant TV, which is our streaming cable network delivered product without a set top box, going to use that on a targeted basis. Our focus is going to be bundling, full bundles leveraging best-in-class X1 and broadband, that packaging it is working and so we feel good about Q4, it is competitive and so we're going to stay at it. But the thing that I think is important to note, that we've seen this adjustment coming in terms of this marketplace. The intensity over the top new entrants and based on that while we're going to compete aggressively across the board for good video customers. We have transitioned more and more towards broadband and so broadband is a centerpiece for us. We're going to have good balance on profitable growth, leveraging broadband. We expect to compete aggressively in video and leverage some of the new things we're doing, but we just don't see the environment shifting too much from what we saw at the end of last year.
Dave Watson: To last point on programming cost. I think as Mike said it was to expect moderate decrease and so I think some of the timing of the relationships are focused around this is margin and we stay extremely focused on overall margin programming is one piece of it but because you know we're very focused on the experience taking transactions out and you look at things like to the extent that we're adding which we are, customer relationships and the fact that we've taken out just lots and lots of transactions out, that's as importance as anything, but programming cost we do expect to moderately decrease.
Dave Watson: And Jessica, Dave. As Steve said one of the things on the cable side that we're focused on. Is being able to pull together the platform that could pull together all the content and our first wave that Marcien is helping us stay very focused on is VoD. So the VoD addressability is up and running having success with that. but really our - the transition continues to stay focused on VoD linear online all coming together. I think cable and distribution we have a unique opportunity to pull all these things together. So Marcien has done a nice job pulling together the platform elements that put us in position to make these things happen.
Dave Watson: So from a distribution standpoint, one of the things we talked about early on, was our focus around digital. And having a great digital experience and through the sales process, through on boarding and so that's working. We're real pleased with digital as a channel. I mentioned retail, our existing retail locations don't feel we need to go a lot bigger, we have a long-term good plan, but we're introducing mobile into existing retail and we're having success there. It's early but I think a [indiscernible] scaled operations around retail experience and the last but not least, there's the introducing it, which we've done into our traditional inbound call centers which always do a good job with products. So I think you piece all these things together there is upside and opportunity as we expand distribution in mobile.
Dave Watson: As you just maybe heard, we just announced Bring Your Own Device nice new addition, so too early to give too much color on that, but it's a real opportunity both for existing customers and new customers being able to come in, bring their device and talk about transitioning over so, we're focused on balanced approach to existing customers but also more and more be reaching out to new customers and we'll talk about then the other lines of business in addition to not just mobile.
Mike Cavanagh: Sure. You should think about the comments in context of our capital allocation framework which doesn't change. This team's priority to balance three things; one invest in the business to keep it growing and optimize earnings power [ph] over the long-term; two is keep a very strong balance sheet and three is to, do healthy returns of capital of the shareholders. So I think with the framework we've just described saying a minimum of five and anchoring that to around 2.2 times leverage everybody with their own forecast - what's going to happen that's how you would find there to be upside in the buyback during the course of this year. obviously depending on us executing the balance strategy I just described.
Mike Cavanagh: John, it's Mike. So I'll tell you how to think about the impact, but everybody has again got the wrong forecast rather than fixing numbers for you. What I said is about 11 points decline in the gap tax rate which will also improve cash taxes by the same magnitude, so use your own estimate of what our pre-tax income is next year and you'll get that. but then obviously on top of that, we get to immediately expense the eligible amount of $10 billion capital or so we're putting in and so you can take swag at that. It's meaningful obviously but those are the two key pieces that drive it.
Mike Cavanagh: And obviously it's Mike to chime in there. That translates into the as much as 50 basis points improvement in margins for cable for 2018.
Mike Cavanagh: Thanks, Marci. So it's Mike. The XFINITY Mobile expected to stay in corporate for all of 2018 probably if I had to guess all 2019 [ph]. The idea here is to obviously share the information, we do share you'll see everything that matters, but not to have the - as we're ramping that business. It's obviously would otherwise distort core business in cable. So we'll talk about and share it with you, but I think putting it where we put it is intended to be transparent and clear, so you can judge the business from a bunch of different angles, so couple of years would be my answer on that. And then on margin improvement I'm going to make sure you get the number right. As much as 50 basis points I might have heard you say 15. It's really the sum of two things, it is obviously the easing of programming cost increases which we had two big years looking back to the years before this. Dave and team they have done a great job managing all parts of the cost base away from programming and that's continued. So I would give credit over a multi-year period say that it's the focus on being efficient in all categories that's contributing to this year's margin changes not just programming.
Mike Cavanagh: Brett, it's Mike. [indiscernible] hand it over to Dave. So on this year's drag I'd say it's in line with what we had expected maybe a touch higher, but not meaningfully so and yes, what happens next year will very much be a function of the hope for ramping up subscriber acquisitions which obviously until we get to a level of sort of stability at a higher level than this, you'll be having increasing drag but that's a good thing as we're growing the business so we think it's going to be very valuable to the overall economics of the customer relationship.
Steve Burke: So I'll answer two of your four or five questions and then pass to Dave or Brian, but and let me start with DreamWorks. We bought DreamWorks 18 months or so ago and have completely retooled the flow of releases. We actually have a slow year this year and then next year in 2019 we'll have couple releases and then should have two releases every year thereafter and if you combine that with a couple of releases from Illumination, we should have four animated films and good full throttle a year. we're very happy with the progress we've made at DreamWorks and you can imagine a year when we have four great animated films what that will do to our films OCF. At the same time, we very much believe that we need to have the ecosystem of new IP, strong consumer products and then appearance in our theme parks and we've got that cranked up now. We've made a lot of investments and seen a lot of growth in consumer products in the last couple of years, those results are embedded in the record year that our filmed group that and you're going to see that continue in the future. The ultimate pay off being when you've created enough IP to really leverage that consumer products capability, that capability is worldwide. We're opening offices overseas, taking back agent relationships, with employee relationships. I think consumer products is a big upside for NBCUniversal. In terms of the advertising, it's impossible not to see the strength particularly of Facebook and Google really the dominance of Facebook and Google in terms of digital advertising and a lot of the growth in ecosystem is going toward digital and we're not participating in that growth to the degree that we should be given the span of our assets. The good news is television advertising is roughly flat, if you combine the negative effect of ratings decline and the positive effect of CPMs. Depends on the company, depends on broadcasting cable, depends on the quarter. but television advertising is holding its own. Our dream and it should be the dream of anybody who's got assets like ours is to take our television advertising and make it more targetable, more addressable and have more the characteristic that digital has and then overtime have more of our advertising be effected by the technology that digital provides. We've made a lot of progress on that, we've made a lot of investments in Vox and BuzzFeed and Snap. We've made a lot of progress in terms of how we monetize online and how monetize on the VoD platform particularly with Comcast Cable but there's a lot more to do and I think what you heard at CES is the number of plans that we have. We've rolled out - Linda probably has four, five different products that she's currently in the market selling that have aspects of interactivity and overlaying Comcast data and markets and there is a lot more to go as far as that goes. The good news is television advertising I think is holding its own and as we head off to the Super Bowl and the Olympics it's not lost on us, that if you're a big advertiser and you want to launch big brands and really make a material change in the way consumers think about you, you have to be in a big events on TV and we've something like two-thirds of all the big nights on broadcast television in the next 12 months. We think we're well positioned for the ecosystem where it is, but we're hard at work creating the ecosystem that should be there, that gives television all the positives that digital has.
Steve Burke: So in terms of advertising, we're 10 days away from the Super Bowl and as we head into the Super Bowl, we're averaging about $5 million a unit which is up call it 15% or 20% we think from last year and we're essentially sold out. So if you're looking for sort of an immediate sign as to how hot the market is, as far as the Super Bowl goes, it's pretty hot. I think television advertising ecosystem has been strong for a while now probably two or three years or strength. It feels like it might be getting a little stronger now. I don't think there is necessarily a direct correlation from the tax cuts and having more cash and throwing that into advertising I think it might be more related to just overall business sentiment, but to the degree that business sentiment is slightly stronger now than it was six months ago or stronger now than it was six months ago. I think you can kind of feel that coming into the advertising market and as we look forward into the upfront, which is only a few months away by all accounts it's going to be a strong upfront.
Steve Burke: So I think when you're think about virtual MVPDs or MVPD changes in general from an NBCUniversal perspective we're really talking about tenths of a percentage point, you were not talking about major, major changes and the virtual MVPDs are accelerating as more of them getting into the business and their business grow, some of them are accelerating, but it's a relatively minor effect across the board for NBCUniversal and if you look at the last two or three quarters you'll see changes in the tenths of a percentage point but not percentage changes overall. I think we've said that we've supported free and Open Internet and we have been committed to enforceable Open Internet protection. We just thought Title II was unnecessary to guarantee consumers that Open Internet. So it's - we believe Congress will hopefully now have to put some enduring set of enforceable Open Internet protection that can no longer get revisited and reversed with different administration. So I do think it gave us the confident to make the statement that over the next five years we're going to have significant investment in our economy to the tuneable at least $50 billion. So we're moving forward investing and innovating and I think we look forward to someday putting this conversation behind us for everybody's sake.
Steve Burke: Well I think we still have a lot of opportunity and it's very, very hard to predict. When we bought the company seven years ago. I think the operating cash flow was about $3.5 billion and in this past year was about $8.2 billion and we never dreamt seven or eight years ago that we would get that kind of growth. We saw opportunities but we weren't articulated about the degree of that opportunity and it's equally difficult as you look into the future. But I think we have a lot of opportunity still, if you look at MSNBC beating CNN almost every night and beating Fox many nights. Fox news and the fact that MSNBC makes a fraction of what CNN and Fox news make. If you look at Telemundo beating Univision last year in primetime and Univision making a lot more money than Telemundo, if you look at our theme parks which are fantastic and every time we open new attractions we're seeing very, very substantial jumps in attendances and we have room for thousands more hotel rooms. If you look really across the board I think we still have a lot of opportunity. The fact of the matter is, NBC primetime is going from fourth to first and you can't be any better than first and Universal Pictures has had two out of three biggest years in its history in the last three years. So trees don't grow to the sky, but we still have a lot of opportunities. I think we have a great management team. We're allocating capital in a very rational way, we've a great culture. Everybody works together with symphony. So I'm optimistic we can continue to grow and we still have lots and lots of opportunities.
