Brian L. Roberts: Thanks, Marlene, and good morning, everyone. I'm really pleased with our start in 2012. In the first quarter, we had strong revenue and cash flow growth and record quarterly free cash flow of $3 billion.  Cable had another outstanding quarter with real momentum in High-Speed Internet and Business Services and continuing improvements in Video results.  Let's start with High-Speed Internet, which had a particularly strong quarter and customer growth with 439,000 net additions, up 5% from our strongest quarter last year as we continue to significantly outpace the net additions of our competitors.  With 37% growth in revenue in the quarter, Business Services has become a significant engine for growth, and we have a mid-market opportunity that is still largely ahead of us. We're also pleased with our improving Video results. And although we reported 37,000 Video sub losses, we believe we can continue to make steady progress with our focus on technical and product leadership, and transforming the service experience and on accelerating innovation.  Just in late February, we launched Streampix, which expands our Video offering with thousands of library movie and TV series available to stream anywhere. It's early, and the content choices will expand greatly throughout the year. But we now have a couple million customers who have access to Streampix. Voice had a good quarter with 164,000 net adds, increasing penetration and improving performance as the quarter advanced. This year, we're launching a series of enhancements like readable voicemail and free text messaging, and launching Skype on XFINITY. All of these new features reinforce the value of our Voice product and highlight the growing number of ways in which consumers can communicate using our services.  XFINITY Home is now available in 72% of our footprint, offering a compelling service that incorporates home security, home control and energy management, and expands our market opportunity beyond just security. It's clearly very early, and we're just getting started this year, but XFINITY Home adds another growth opportunity for Cable. We're getting ready to expand availability of our X1 cloud-based user interface to hundreds of thousands of homes this year. And just a couple of days ago, we expanded the reach of our cross-marketing partnership with Verizon Wireless to 6 new markets. As you can see, we are focused on continuously enhancing our products, improving the customer experience and driving innovation, and all of this is bringing our XFINITY brand to life and trying to position us as the premier service provider for our customers. So whether you are measuring financial performance or operational excellence, Cable really is doing quite well, and we believe we can maintain this momentum. We also had a good quarter and a nice beginning to the year at NBCUniversal with revenue growth across every segment led by the Super Bowl and 2 successful film releases, The Lorax and Safe House. The Cable Networks and Theme Parks continued to show reliable growth, and we're starting to make some progress in Broadcast. As we've said previously, there is and will be more business volatility and quarterly variability in the results of NBCUniversal than in the rest of the company. Also in 2012, we have a more aggressive Film slate and special big events like the Super Bowl and the Olympics. But when you look through all of this, NBCUniversal businesses are performing well and we're very focused on continuing to execute to build the long-term value of its brands and franchises. We're investing in sports and original programming, and let me give you just a few examples of some of our early successes. In the first quarter, Style's ratings were up double digits, and distribution increased by 18%. Syfy had its most-watched first quarter ever among total viewers and ranked among the top 10 cable entertainment networks in the quarter. At NBC Sports network, ratings for the first round of the NHL playoffs were the best in the network's history, up 16% from the same time last year.  NBCUniversal and Comcast Cable are also working well together to launch new programs and innovative products, and we are looking forward to the Olympics to showcase some of our company's unique capabilities. We'll have a lot more to report on these efforts on our next quarterly call, which actually will take place during the Olympics. In the meantime, let me just wrap up by saying that we are very enthusiastic about the progress we're making driving financial and operational excellence across the company.  Let me now pass to Michael to cover the first quarter results in detail.
Brian L. Roberts: Jessica, I'll take the SME question and then pass it over to Steve. I think we're getting most of our growth with SME and now Metro E and mid-sized are starting to come in. We're offering 3 products really on the mid-sized. It's both -- it's the Metro E product, the Ethernet, it's PRI, PBX equivalent and now a hosted Voice solution. I think we also have backhaul. We have about -- we've increased the number of installed towers by about 79% since 2010. So I think the growth will continue to ramp in Metro E, and I think the growth rate will remain relatively steady because we're growing it on a larger basis. We think the overall opportunity is $20 billion to $30 billion. We're at about a $2.2 billion run rate now. So that's only a 10% penetration.
Brian L. Roberts: I just want to add, Jessica, to that, that I also think that the working together between content and distribution adds additional value to our company, but over time, the trend has suggested that really great content is going to be worth more value to distributors with more technological ways to distribute. So as we look forward in the years ahead, not just in the quarters ahead, I think we're sitting on one of the great libraries and one of the great set of brands in the industry. And I believe we'll find ways to monetize that as the technology continues to make it more attractive to consumers.
Brian L. Roberts: Jason, I think that we were very pleased with the quarter at 439,000 net adds. And as you said, we continue to drive strong growth quarter after quarter. I think it's fundamentally because we have a -- we feel we have a better product where we continue to increase speeds on top of our DOCSIS platform. I think from a -- there's always a balance between rate and volume. We think we've met that balance pretty well. We increased ARPU 4% this quarter in HSD and drove that sort of growth. So we feel there's still some pricing power as long as we're continuing to improve the product and meet the customer demand.
Brian L. Roberts: I just want to maybe just echo that, for me, if you're on a technological plan that all of your products have ultimate innovation and hopefully, superiority to their competitors, that's a business that you feel very good about. And so in the Video business, in particular to the question, I think what it begins to show is the 2-way network has tremendous advantages over some of the one-way networks like satellite. And we have to execute and make that happen for consumers. That word of mouth has to get out. We have to market it. We have to brand it. But first, we had to invent it and stabilize it to make sure it really was -- had that same experience. And I think that's what we're excited about and we've seen -- it goes across the whole platform. It's all devices, as well as easy to put on, as Neil said, third-party devices. So we think we're making real progress there long term, and I think that's going to be a differentiator. May not happen in a quarter or 2, but we will roll out this major market here the next few weeks, and we're very excited about it.
Brian L. Roberts: Yes, why don't I take it. You're right, Ben, the programming costs for the first quarter are sort of in the mid-range. We do expect for the year that when you look at the entire year, that programming costs will be slightly higher than what was represented in the first quarter. We have some contract renewals and some other things that come into play that will boost those costs up a bit for the whole year. With regard to -- I'll take the one with regard to the spectrum sale. We're very optimistic that we'll get the transaction closed in the latter part of the year. I know Verizon Wireless and our folks on the regulatory side are working closely with the FCC and DOJ, and I think both parties are very optimistic we'll get the deal closed. And we'll get it closed, at least, our view is sort of towards the latter half of the year.
Brian L. Roberts: And just to be clear, it didn't have really any impact on ARPU at all this quarter. The numbers are way too small.
Brian L. Roberts: Let me just comment that you can see the strategy through that question and Neil's answer, you've got -- we made real progress on OnDemand, I think, back 5, 7 years ago when we first started to get to 400 million users a month. Let's not just walk by that number. That's dramatic customer behavior. You then layer in that we made real progress with broadcasters, and now have a lot of the content to be able to have catch up and keep up. Then you have Streampix, which we've just created, too, as we talked about. Then you've got to be able to have a guide and a user interface that makes it easy to navigate this unbelievably broad set of choices. And that's where X1 kicks in, in addition to some of the improvements we've made on the guide, as well as what we've done with the iPad and on other platforms to be able to search and navigate, as Neil was talking about. And you really can begin as you brand it as XFINITY to see that's a different experience, and that is the trend that we're on. And if you really believe we're headed to an interactive world and each user, not even each household, has their own personal choices and their own control, I don't know that there's a better platform out there than what we've been building, and it's starting to really kick in. And I think we've taken a leadership on this, and it hasn't -- each little quarter, it's getting a little better. And I think we see a lot of progress with innovation happening the next couple years, and we're on a good road.
Neil Smit: Craig, I don't think there was really a seasonality impact that was different than previous years. I think the difference was that, as Michael stated, the percentage of our footprint that experienced a rate increase was up from 34% to 62%. I think the size of this footprint that received the rate increase resulted in more customer service calls and slightly higher churn. I think our goal is to continue to improve on Video losses quarter after quarter. This is the sixth consecutive quarter that we've done that. I think without the increase, we would have had better net gain numbers. However, it's great to have this rate increase event behind us, and I think I was pleased that we were able to reduce losses while increasing ARPU 4% on Video and 8% overall.
Neil Smit: Yes, I think the intent of it was to fill out our content portfolio, it's complementary. So we have the recent content in the form of linear, the VOD content and now the library content. We're seeing good uptick on usage. It's on both VOD and as a premium. And we also are bundling it with a Video package and broadband as a way to extend our -- off our footprint of HSD-only in DBS households. And that's been well received. So it's a complementary Video product, and we can use it to bundle with other products.
Neil Smit: Yes, I think, as you know, in the second quarter we -- and I think Michael mentioned we have seasonality, both in the college towns, as well as the snowbirds down in some of our Southern markets like Florida. So seasonality does take effect, and it has in all the previous years. I think in terms of competition, I think it varies for each of our services. We always seek the right balance there. There wasn't anything that was significantly different this quarter than the different competitive offers we saw in previous quarters. I think Verizon came out with a relatively low-priced bundle in some markets, and DirecTV is doing some promotional activity around SUNDAY TICKET. But I think we see those kinds of things every quarter, and we feel we're competing very well primarily by innovating at a better rate. We're getting more products out as Brian mentioned. We launched Streampix this quarter. We increased speeds. We're getting more content out there. We've got X1 being launched in this quarter, the second quarter. So we feel good about the innovation, delivering more value to our customers.
Neil Smit: It was generally in the same range, and we don't -- had -- 2Q. The first quarter churn was generally in the same range. It wasn't substantively different. As I mentioned in the rate increases, there was slightly higher churn but not materially different. And the second quarter, I think, we don't generally project forward on churn.
Neil Smit: Well, as you know, it's a product with cloud-based user interface and advanced navigation. We have apps on it. It's an easier way to discover content, and we're very excited about the test we've been running down in Augusta. People seemed -- they get on the product and they begin to use it more and more. And so we're going to be rolling it out in one major market here this quarter and then it'll go out subsequently to other markets. I think the range we'll see this year will be in the hundreds of thousands. It's dependent upon hardware primarily. It can go on COAM devices and advanced set tops as well, the platform can. And I think the real advantage of it was we put so much of our information up in the cloud, it enables us to innovate more quickly. So putting our VOD content on the Xbox was very relatively simple and a much quicker launch because we had so much up in the cloud. So we're excited about it. I think the impact of it will be, hopefully, more customers wanting to subscribe to our Video service and less churn because they're more pleased with our product.
Neil Smit: Our XFINITY TV app on the iPad, we've had about a little over 5 million downloads. The people who are using it interestingly are using it -- using the tools more than viewing the long-form content. The tools I'm referring to are search and remote. And we feel it is helping with our customers explore the content and get to the content of a -- in an easier manner. And therefore, our belief is that if customers can find our content and view it in an easier way and it's a great -- a better experience, that there will be more customers wanting to use our service. The other thing I'd say is that it has things like cross-platform search, and I think it enables us to go -- to leverage the advantage, one of the advantages we have, which is great content, linear, VOD, DVR and online. And we believe that's one of the key advantages that we have.
Neil Smit: James, our My TV Choice is in test in 3 markets. As you know, it's a basic package with different genre bolt-ons. We found that it works well, especially in retention because it gives people choice, and that's what folks are looking for. We haven't made a decision of yet as to how to roll it out on a broader basis, but we're encouraged by the tests. In terms of Internet Essentials, it's not a material contributor to the HSD number, but we're very pleased with the program. It's been exceptionally well received by the market, and we're big believers in getting this service to people, extending the Internet to people who may not be able to afford the higher-priced product.
Neil Smit: Marci, it was really an operational decision. We had markets who were ready to take the increases, and we just -- it didn't have anything to do with the Disney contract. It was more operational in nature. With regards -- your second question, please? With regards to Home Security, we've now rolled it out about 73% of our footprint. It's been really well received. I mean, the churn on it is very low. People -- once -- we had to figure out how to best sell it. It's a more consultative sale. But now that we've figured that out, it's going very well in the markets that we're launching. We believe that it won't be a material contributor this year, but it's a great product going forward and will become more material over time.
Neil Smit: Right now, we don't have plans to introduce any usage-based pricing. I think our goal is to provide the best HSD experience, and I think by the results that we continue to offer in HSD, it's clear that customers are pleased with our thresholds. We review various forms of pricing and structures all the time. We put the instrumentation in place should we decide to go to a different form of pricing. And with regards to Sony and Netflix, I think Netflix articulated in their earnings call that our data thresholds don't really impact their Netflix users at this point.
Neil Smit: So we -- generally speaking, the usage of VOD continues to increase. We're up to about 400 million views a month. When we launched Catch Up Keep Up, which provides all the catch-up content for the past 4 episodes or in some cases, 5 episodes that the free content usage went up significantly, and that drove more transactional usage. In terms of advertising, as you may have heard, we are now doing dynamic ad insertion pre-roll, mid-roll and post-roll. And we feel that's a great opportunity for advertisers, programmers and distributors. So we'll be looking at -- we're in test with it right now with some different programmers, and we intend to roll that out on a broader basis over the next year.
Stephen B. Burke: Regarding value drivers at NBCUniversal, I think we have a lot of them. I would start with Broadcast. We're underperforming our peers. And if we got up to the level of our peers, if you look at Broadcast as an ecosystem that includes the network, the owned stations and syndication, we're hundreds of millions of dollars' worth of opportunity just getting to average in that business. And I think we're starting to make some progress, but there's a long way to go. We're headed out to look at pilots, and of course, we have the upfronts coming, and we're optimistic and have made some good progress. Revenues were up 11% for the quarter, not including the Super Bowl. The Voice clearly is going to be something that we can use to build on. So I think Broadcast is a big opportunity. And by Broadcast, don't forget we also have Telemundo, which I think represents opportunity. The Cable channels are really the heart of current cash flow and continue to do well. And we're investing in them, and I think those represent an opportunity over time. Film represents a real opportunity as we have a much stronger slate this year, in my opinion. We'll see whether that translates into increased profitability this year and next, but we're hopeful. And then we've got the Theme Parks, where we've invested and continued to be very bullish about Orlando, where you've got Harry Potter over a year old and doing great, and Hollywood is doing well as well. So we have a lot of different places where we're optimistic about the future. It takes time. As you mentioned, we have our team in place. We've started to make the investments, and we think we had a solid quarter on our way to a good year. But there's a lot of opportunity at NBCUniversal for years to come.
Stephen B. Burke: So we're not releasing what the effect of the NBA lockout was precisely, but I will say it's one of the few things that happened during the quarter that made the Cable Networks look like they weren't growing. The reported growth was minus 1%. The actual growth was mid-single digits because of a few things like the NBA lockout that really depressed this quarter's growth rate.
Stephen B. Burke: And from the content side, I think most of the big content companies now realize that TV Everywhere is important for content companies. And the fact of the matter is anything that allows customers to get what they want when they want it and get more value out of their cable or satellite subscription is good for a content company that relies on cable channels for a lot of their OCF. And I think particularly in a world where you're seeing real numbers come in from retransmission consent, it's important to have key broadcast product on a TV Everywhere basis as well, and you'll see us do a lot of that with the Olympics. How you actually get paid for that whether it's bundled in the rate or whether there's a specific charge I don't think matters too much. I think clearly, it's something that's providing more value for those cable channels, and we got to make sure that we continue to realize that's at least for NBCUniversal and really for all of the big cable companies, that's where a lot of the OCF comes from.
Stephen B. Burke: That number was affected by a one-timer in the first quarter of last year. So I think the real number is going to be north of 5% and not that 3.8% that we reported today.
Stephen B. Burke: I think we have a real opportunity. If you look at the strength of our Cable Networks, both in terms of ratings and just overall demand and then you look at our peers, I think there's no question that we have opportunity on the affiliate side, significant opportunity over time. We have opportunity in terms of retransmission consent, and then we have a major opportunity over time in terms of advertising. The fact of the matter is a lot of our Cable Networks don't have the CPMs that they should have relative to their peers. And on affiliate and advertising, it's going to take time. It just doesn't happen overnight. But the fact of the matter is I think given the ratings we have and the value we're providing, the consumers and viewers of our networks, we have real opportunity over the next few years to get paid more for that.
