Michael J. Anglelakis: Yes. As I said, we want to keep a conservative balance sheet and don’t really look at the balance sheet completely connected to a return of capital because really return of capital to us is the payout ratio of free cash flow really in both pools. So on the NBC pool of cash that’s really a indirect equity redemption and on the free cash flow on Comcast Cable, that majority goes back to shareholders. So we do want to stay at sort of the low end of that range, that’s where our head is at, but don’t want to really connect too much our leverage with our return of capital. We really look at return of capital much more from a free cash flow payout ratio standpoint.
Michael J. Anglelakis: Why don’t we just go through there were three transactions. Obviously, we do make it a goal to look at everything. We think that’s important to really evaluate all the assets that are out there and I think we’re smarter investors and more educated so that if we do see something we like and it makes sense. The price was a pretty healthy price and we have a pretty high bar on our IRR as well as we look at stock buy backs and other competing uses for capital. We did not aggressively pursue those, we thought the price was pretty high in comparison to other areas we could utilize our cash. It has always been sometimes a spread between private and public multiples so I think we have a plan where on buying back our stock we’ve been really consistent in buying back our stock and have increased our buyback pretty consistently over the last years. So I’m not sure we’re going to quote accelerate it based on several private market deals. I think buying back 1.5 year-to-date is pretty good and significantly more than we did last year. Our goal is to continue to buyback the stock when we think it’s undervalued and be pretty aggressive on our return to capital strategy overall.
Michael J. Anglelakis: We did have a content licensing deal last year in the second quarter, it was signed in the second quarter. Obviously, those dollars did not flow into the second quarter of this year so that had impact primarily in cable networks and broadcasting for the most part.
Michael J. Anglelakis: You can really look at the content licensing side. In our trending schedule it gives you some directional area but I don’t think we want to go into specifics of what contracts were worth. I think we’re trying to be as transparent as we can on our trending schedules and it gives you some indicant of where content licensing was in the second quarter of 2011 versus now. I don’t think it’s appropriate for us to go into real specifics on dollars and cents.
Michael J. Anglelakis: Let me just add on to what Steve said. Obviously, all the data is excellent coming out of the Olympics and we’re really pleased with everything that’s going on. Getting a little granular just so folks remember, this was a legacy contract in terms of the Olympics and through purchase accounting the losses were eliminated, the losses that we expected out of this contract. So now that we’re over performing a bit, in the third quarter we’ll have a slight benefit related to the Olympics’ performance in our third quarter P&L which obviously is a nice positive to have compared to the previous Olympics that NBC Universal had. In addition, the way the cash flows flow, they’re a little bit different so we will have a negative impact in free cash flow in the third quarter. But really, everything has just gone great and we’re very pleased. I just wanted to make sure folks understand a little of those finer details.
Michael J. Anglelakis: You’re right, as we look at sort of the second half of the year, as I mentioned in the comments, we will spend a little bit more on cap ex. I think we’ll end the year pretty flattish but if you look at where we are for the first half compared to last year and then you look at the whole of last year, we’ll spend a bit more in cap ex. In the second half of the year we will have some cash taxes and some working capital so I think the number in terms of our payout ratio will trend upwards towards when you look at the full year versus just the first six months. So we feel pretty good about it and it’s running a bit ahead of plan which we’re pleased with and we’ll see how the end of the year turns out but your directional comments are correct. BB Let me just jump in on that second Verizon Wireless question. Even though technically they’re two separate contracts we’ve always believed that the government is looking at it holistically. I stand by Neil’s hope that by the end of the third or early in the fourth quarter we could get both transactions completed and continue with the roll out.
Michael J. Anglelakis: On the cap ex side really my hat is off to the team, I think they’ve done just a great job of really effectively managing cap ex and I would say at the same time really playing offense with regards to innovation. Just look at all the different products we’re talking about now compared to a year or two ago when we didn’t have that. So we’re bringing capital intensity down basically both in terms of percentage and dollars. There’s been a number of projects, some come and go, a couple of years ago we had DOCSIS 3.0 and then we had all digital, and now we’re spending some dollars on business services more aggressively. The reality is I think we’re hitting a stable sort of cap ex number. It may move up a little bit, it may move down a bit but when we look at a whole year capital plan we’re pretty much coming into I think, stability because we’re still investing in the network, as Brian said, to make sure we have the best network but we’re also investing in new product areas and service areas.  I don’t think from a dollars stand point you’re going to see sort of that continuing trend down compared to several years ago. I think from a percentage of revenue standpoint I think we’re going to show some modest benefits in terms of that intensity. There’s a lot that goes into our capital expenditure plan at cable and I think they’re doing a great job at how we manage it.  With regards to local, I think that we’re doing really well in local both on the NBC Universal side and on the Comcast Spotlight side. On the Comcast Spotlight side up about 4% and obviously we’re entering the political season. So the core business seems pretty stable, automotive has come back relatively nicely and obviously we’re going to benefit in third and fourth quarter with regards to political.
Michael J. Anglelakis: I think we were pleased with the ARPU, the lift this quarter at 8%. I think it’s too early to tell with the new products they’re just beginning to gain momentum, we’re just beginning to market them. Home security we’ve got rolled out to 95% of the footprint but it’s in the very early days. Certainly that’s the intent, we add more products on to our network and build ARPU over time but I think it’s too early to tell right now.
Michael J. Anglelakis: I’d just elaborate. Obviously, we’ve put on 400 to 500 basis points of new Triple Play customers. So last year we had 35% to 36% of our customers taking all three services. That number is now closer to 40%, that obviously helps with ARPU as well as all the event services that Neil mentioned. So overtime we’re hoping to continue to grow ARPU.Marci Ryvicker – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Then in high speed data, any feedback from subs with your move to the higher cap of 300 megs and the related data usage plans? BB As you know we announced two different flavors of plans. One was capacity linked with the tier that subs are buying into and two was just being able to buy blocks of capacity. Caps are gone. We raised the amount people could consume to 300 gigabytes as a base limit. So we have not announced the markets for the roll outs yet but I would expect something shortly.
Stephen B. Burke: I think the JV is going very well. We’re launched in about 21 markets, 263 stores, it’s been a terrific partnership. From a regulatory perspective we anticipate approval of transaction sometime at the end of Q3 or Q4 and we’ve been working very constructively with the regulatory agencies on this and we look forward to a speedy and destructive approval.
Stephen B. Burke: I’ll take the first one. Not really, I think you’ve got to take a little bit of a step back. We’ve been in a little bit of a cleanup mode in regards to NBC Universal. If you remember, just about a little over a year ago where we bought out the other 50% with Blackstone with regard to theme parks and paid $1 billion for that so now that we own 100% of the Orlando theme park that was sort of a concerted effort to sort of look at an entity that we had that was a great deal and we’re very pleased with it. Then you look at A&E where we owned 15.8%, decided to sell it. We’re very pleased with the price. Also recently announced was the MSMNBC.com transaction which was a 50/50 relationship with Microsoft which we bought in that other 50%. So we’re really in a little bit of a cleanup mode and I think that’s probably coming to an end. Does it influence our decision in 2014? I really don’t know, it’s two years away from now obviously a lot can happen then. We’re obviously pleased with how NBC Universal is progressing since we’ve owned it for about 18 months or so, so I think that’s going to be a decision we make in about two years and dependent on a variety of factors. But all good news in terms of we’re cleaning up some of the areas and I think we’re benefitting nicely from cleaning those up.
Stephen B. Burke: I think some of it is temporary or onetime. Nielsen did an adjustment of the universe which I think most people would say was a one time -2% to -3% in terms of ratings. But I think a lot of cable channels are making very significant investments in new programming. There’s a lot of competition a lot of fragmentation out there, a lot of DVR usage. I think there’s no question in terms of ratings it’s a tougher environment than it was a year ago.  That having been said, we still love the cable channel business. If you think about it, it’s a dual revenue stream. One of the revenue streams is completely unaffected by ratings, that being the affiliates fees. Neil doesn’t like this part of the business but the affiliate fee growth I think in the industry is probably about 10%. We were 7% during the quarter but if roughly have your revenues are growing somewhere high single digits or double digits and then on the other side you’ve got advertising where in the recent up front, the cable up front I think our cable channels averaged high single digits and we had USA and Bravo I think on a CPM basis leading the market. If you put that all together it’s a really good business. That having been said, it’s harder to get ratings today than it was a year or two ago.
Stephen B. Burke: The X1 we haven’t really finished our ’13 planning yet but it’s certainly the intent to roll it out broadly across the footprint. As I said earlier, it’s been a great product and the customer reset activities have been terrific so we’re going to roll it out more widely but we haven’t finished ’13 planning. In terms of efficiencies, we do see them across primarily the customer service side including the tax side and we’re taking real noise out of the business.  We’ve reduced $8 million truck rolls over the last two years while we’ve increased RGUs $2.8 million. That’s an example of efficiencies. We think we’re going to do about a billion self service transactions this year. Michael mentioned that, whether it’s billing or FAQs or whatever. But I think from a margin perspective we look at them as being kind of steady over the course of the year.
Stephen B. Burke: I wouldn’t read anything into the [HSC] ARPU. I mean it grew 3% and we grew the [inaudible] at a healthy rate indexing at 108 so I wouldn’t read anything into that. Concerning the Google Fiber roll out we have about 65,000 customers in the Kansas City area. It’s not clear how significantly impacted that will be but clearly pulling fiber, building a fiber network is hard work and heavy lifting and we look forward to monitoring the results. BB I guess on a broader context on that last question, we don’t really know but it kind of seems like a bit of a laboratory and all along when we showed our billion bip second demo in Chicago we were kind of hoping that there would be applications that continue to need more and more broadband. That’s fundamentally a really good thing for us. Obviously, there’s going to be competition but we have a great network that has tremendous flexibility and capacity to offer more speeds than we offering today and we’re constantly hoping that new applications and needs develop and that will be really I think positive development if we can help that happen. If Google can be part of making that happen, it’s part of what I think they’re doing but I don’t know for sure.
