Brian L. Roberts: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. We're off to a great start in 2016. We increased revenue and operating cash flow in the first quarter, while continuing to prudently invest in the businesses to further strengthen our competitive position and drive growth. I believe our Cable business is really differentiating itself, bolstering real innovation that is translating into the strong momentum you see in these results. We're demonstrating notable improvements in customer service, investing to put the industry's fastest Wi-Fi in homes, and to be the first to bring customers widespread access to gigabit speeds through DOCSIS 3.1 technology, and with X1, delivering a platform and a breadth of content that's unrivaled. And this quarter once again shows, our customers are responding to all of this. We increased our customer relationship growth by 36% from the first quarter of 2015 and now have achieved 50% penetration of our home's past. (2:20) We added 53,000 video customers in the quarter, making us video net add positive over the past 12 months. This important milestone has eluded us for nearly a decade and we have now accomplished it within the context of an unprecedented pace of change in this industry, including the steady drumbeat of new competitors and new offers. Our voice remotes are the latest example of how we are differentiating ourselves in the market. In a short period of time, we've deployed six million of these new remotes. Thanks to Tony Werner and his technology team's great customer experience, we're getting wonderful feedback from our customers already. We added another 438,000 broadband subscribers in the quarter, the best first quarter we've had in four years. Much like our improvement in video, the progress we are making is largely a result of improvements in churn. We are upping speeds, delivering best-in-class Wi-Fi access, and investing in more ways to add value to our customers. As a result, they are staying with us longer. Business services delivered another excellent quarter, with revenue growth of nearly 18%. This growth comes with very attractive margins for us, as you know. We continue to take share in small business and bring new competition and choice for midsize businesses as well as enterprise customers. Just as important as our strong service and subscriber metrics, Neil and the team are demonstrating terrific balance driving revenue per customer relationship forward at a healthy clip along with solid operating cash flow growth. Over at NBCUniversal, Steve and his team delivered another strong quarter. Operating cash flow increased by 10%, benefiting from particularly strong performance in Broadcast and our recent acquisition of Universal Studios Japan. Our TV business has performed well and it's had some good momentum. The advertising environment remains robust, which we believe sets up Linda Yaccarino and her team for a strong upfront. This year, we are unifying the upfront for NBC, Broadcast, Telemundo, and Cable Networks, reflecting the way we go to market as a strong and comprehensive portfolio. We feel great about our position, which will be strengthened as we now add Thursday Night Football to go along with an already strong list of sports properties. Speaking of strong sports properties, we recently surpassed $1 billion in national advertising sales for the Rio Olympics, achieving this milestone far earlier than the London Olympics. This is a very promising result, which reinforces our view of the attractiveness of this event. Meanwhile, MSNBC continues its impressive performance with its best ratings in three years and primetime up over 100%. Andy Lack and the news team are doing a wonderful job with the news organization, particularly through the early stages of this election cycle. In our Theme Parks, we're delighted about our trajectory, the momentum that we've created, and our roadmap with new investments in new attractions and additional hotel room capacity. Universal Studios Japan set attendance records in this just-ended fiscal year, and performed well in our first full quarter of ownership. Additionally, we just launched Harry Potter at Universal Hollywood and we expect it to follow the strong success we have seen with our other Potter attractions. We've got a unique and wonderful set of assets which provides Comcast NBCUniversal with many opportunities. All of this will be on display this summer when we put the full weight of the company behind the Olympics. I'm amazed at what we've accomplished in a short period of time as a combined company just five years in, and I think we're not only five years wiser and stronger but really better together. We're confident we remain on the right path to creating value for our customers and shareholders, and I couldn't be more excited about our future. Mike, over to you.
Brian L. Roberts: Well, first of all, it's been five years since we closed NBC Universal and it's been a wonderful experience in all regards, and exceeded our expectations in almost every business. And we've talked a lot about that. I also think that putting the two together, we feel we're better together. I said that in the upfront remarks and almost every senior executive of the company sees a benefit from some other part of the company in their part of the company. And that is part of Symphony. When I think about the Olympics – I just touched on briefly in my opening remarks – you will see XFINITY's coverage of the Olympics will be unlike any television on the X1 experience that's ever been presented to a consumer for a live sporting event. And NBC coverage itself will be unprecedented if you just go back a few years to see how much this landscape has changed. And the companies that are leaning in toward that and are well-positioned, I can't think of a better company than ourselves. As to the relative value, these things evolve and go up and down, and the relationship between the two in terms of carriage disputes and other things, they're both great businesses. And that was our fundamental premise all along. I think I first learned that being on Ted Turner's board when Comcast was purely a cable company. It's a worldwide business, it grows all (25:00) in different ways, but they're in the same sort of system where together, the value tends to head in the same direction. And at any one time, one part of the ecosystem can be doing better than another part of the ecosystem, but in the end, we're bringing great experiences to consumers. You need their content, you need innovative distribution technologies, and that's how we're running our company. And I hope that's responsive to your question. Thanks for asking.
Brian L. Roberts: I'm not going to comment on that regard, and if you have more than one kid, you love them equally, and I don't know any other way to put it than they're both great businesses, and everything is specific to the situation. But we have very rigorous returns, our track record, it comes down to operating excellence. And just looking at Neil and Steve and their teams behind them, and I think that's what is the story today with these results. Both parts of the company remain at an exceptional level, in my opinion.
Brian L. Roberts: One of the things I just want to add, that I think that Neil and Dave Watson and the team have calibrated, not just subscriber results, but also revenue and cash flow, and there's a balance that is pretty different than I think I've seen anybody else quite have, over a sustainable number of quarters. And so the investment we're making in service, investment in innovation and marketing, it's all working, but it's not at the expense of one or the other. And as you drive us forward, I think Neil, you'll be making judgments every day on that balance. But that's what I personally find appealing in some of the results, is that we're not just going on one side or the other.
Brian L. Roberts: It's in the early stages of the partnership, but it's worked very well. They've been a great partner in helping us understand how to better sell contextually. In other words, if you buy a laptop, do you want an HSD service? If you buy a television, do you want a video service? So, the contextual sales aspect they've been very helpful in working with us. Concerning – we've developed a number of other channels. Our stores are doing very well. XFINITY On Campus is doing very well. So, we continue to – every year, we seek to develop new channels and Amazon, we see great promise in.
Neil Smit: Hi, Ben. I'll speak to connects and churn. Connects have been strong. I didn't want to say this, that the churn is the only driver there. We've had strong connects and they're driven by good segmentation of the market. We're segmenting different customer bases. We're rolling out great products, X1, 35% of the customer base now as well as voice remote. I mean, we've got 160 million commands on the voice remote part (21:33). So we're seeing great usage there. The customer experience we spent a lot of time on and I think that's helping churn. X1 is helping churn. And I think also, we've developed new sales channels like Amazon we announced earlier this quarter, though I think it's a combination of driving connects and reducing churn. The churns went down for 26 consecutive months, as Brian mentioned, and I see that trend continuing. I think that we're doing the right things in the customer experience, we're doing the right things on the product side, and we're doing the right things in the channel development side. So I see good trends continuing.
Neil Smit: Yeah, well, the Chairman recently claimed that there was limited competition in the business data services area and it needed more regulation. I can say that we compete every day for that business, and it seems kind of counterintuitive that the FCC would want to impose regulations on a new entrant such as us, who's bringing more competition to the business. I think we haven't seen the proposed rulemaking yet, so it's probably premature to comment any further on it, though.
Neil Smit: Let me speak to that. 5G is an exciting new platform, and it's still in the very early days. We think that the propagation distance is fairly short, about 300 foot radius. The antennas are going to need space and power and backhaul, and it has – the spectrum doesn't really pass through objects like trees and buildings very well. But we think we're very well-positioned, because we have space and power and backhaul, as well as a field force to be able to install all the antennas and maintain the services and provide the backhaul that would be required. So we're going to continue to monitor, it's still a way – early in the game, and we feel well-positioned.
Neil Smit: Concerning the churn side, we've gotten very detailed. We have a data department that Ed Purcell (29:28) runs that's very detailed in how it segments the customer audience, and which segments we're going after. And we're very specific about that, and go after the high value, long CLB (29:44) customers. So I think where we see the opportunity, we're going to spend the marketing dollars, and we'll continue to provide great service and manage the churn as appropriate. I think the churn is an accumulation of a lot of different things we're doing in the business: customer experience, better product and just overall better service.
Neil Smit: (30:54) Dave Watson and Cathy Avgiris and the field teams have done a great job just driving the business on a consistent basis.
Neil Smit: Jessica, concerning customer experience, we're focusing on a few things. One is making the experience all digital, so the customer, if they don't want to call an agent, doesn't have to. They can do everything they need to do, from a customer service perspective, online or digitally. We're working very closely on the first 90 days on the onboarding experience, making sure that's a perfect experience, that's a higher churn environment. We're focusing on reliability of the products and the network, making sure they're always up. We said at Intex (35:40) a year ago, we have the best product in the market, and I think we're delivering that now. We had the lowest days and call-in (35:49) rate in years. We took out 11 million calls. We had the highest first contact resolution rate in years as well. So we're seeing the results but it's focused across a number of fronts. And the team – Charlie Herrin and the team have done a great job getting organized around the five key journeys, and we're delivering – we're changing the way we look at the business through the customer lens, and it's really changed the way we go about doing things.
Neil Smit: Yeah, I thought their reaction was unnecessary. I think that we are working hard with our partners. We've had over 40 companies call us to sign up for the partner program since then, and so there's great interest in the ecosystem to get access to our XFINITY app, and so I thought it was uncalled for.
Neil Smit: And concerning HSD, I mean, we're very pleased with the 7.6% growth and the 438,000 subs. We feel good about the business. It goes back to that balance that Brian referred to. We've increased speeds 16 times (42:33) in the last 14 years. We're rolling out DOCSIS 3.1. We have tens of millions of Wi-Fi hotspots and so we continue to add value to the business. I think there's pricing opportunity going forward as we continue to add value. Concerning the Charter caps, I'd prefer not to comment on that. That's still pending.
Neil Smit: I think we're in good shape with DISH. I think we have a meeting of the minds. We don't have a signed deal yet, but I think we will have one in the not-too-distant future.
Neil Smit: Yeah, so on the AT&T announced product, there's no reason we couldn't do something very similar from a technology perspective or a rights perspective. We just have to go get the rights and deploy the product. We thus far haven't seen an OTT model that really hunts, (46:18) but we'll continue to stay tuned in to the market and be prepared to respond accordingly.
Neil Smit: Concerning set-top boxes (48:32) as we put more up in the cloud and go to IP video, we think the cost of the set-top boxes and the overall hardware in the house will come down. We still believe there's a need for hardware in the house, at least at the gateway level, and we've got IP video in the labs now and we'll continue to look at the right balance to get the best content and all the content to our customers while managing the CapEx cost. But in terms of CapEx, CPE is in the 40% to 50% range of our CapEx spend, so that would be the amount overall that would be under development.
Neil Smit: This is Neil. I'll comment on the Charter overbuild. I think it's early to comment on it, since we haven't seen the details. But generally speaking, Comcast is in urban markets and these urban markets have been overbuilt by one or another telco. And so, we're in a very competitive environment as it is, and we think we're well-positioned.
Michael J. Cavanagh: And I'll just follow on that. I mean we're – on the investment and expense, and we're just playing offense and following the growth and progress that we're making. It's all success-based, so we'll keep doing what we're doing behind customer service, product, technology, and you've seen that on the non-programming side, but we'll get leverage over time as the customer service experience settles down, but we're not giving guidance today, Ben.
Michael J. Cavanagh: Anthony, it's Mike. On program expense, what we're seeing thus far and for this year is consistent with what we had said at the beginning of the year, which is about 10% increase in programming expenses. And you hit the reasons; we have big – certain renewals happening now and over the course of this year. As far as going beyond this year, long term, you look back over time and long-term trends have been in the high single-digits, so we're running a little higher than – in the near term than that. But that is, again, due to just having some of our big contracts coming back up for renewal.
Michael J. Cavanagh: Okay. So, I'll just comment and if Neil wants to pile in, he can. But on the software intangible side, this is the other side of the offensive investments we're making in X1, cloud, cloud DVR, our home products, smart Internet. When we build software, we improve our backbone through some infrastructure investments, some of that rolls through software intangibles. So, it's the same story as what's going on in CapEx, and investing behind the growth we're seeing.
Michael J. Cavanagh: I'd say that continues to be on a trajectory. We are investing a lot in innovation, that's the point of what we've been doing on the product side, so that will continue. It's a small – obviously, a much smaller amount than the hardware side, but it has been on a higher growth rate and I'd expect it to, as long as we're seeing great results, continue to be biased towards innovating and getting great products out there.
Michael J. Cavanagh: And on Cable margins, it's quarter-by quarter; seasonality will drive things a little bit. I mentioned last year's second quarter, we had the Pacquiao fight in what is usually a seasonally weaker quarter. But full year is, as we said, last year was 40.6% Cable margins and, as we said at the beginning of the year, it'd be flat to down 50 basis points, and that continues to be what we see.
Stephen B. Burke: So China, it's amazing how far we've come in the last few years. We had no employees in China several years ago. We now have a very good team, a movie team, a consumer products team, and we spent a lot of time, and have discussed on previous calls, trying to get going on building a theme park in Beijing. And that's going according to plan. So, China represents a big, big opportunity for the company. It already is a significant profit generator. Fast & Furious, for example, we did over $400 million in China. But as that market grows, I think it's very important that we be there, and I think we're doing all the things that you would expect us to do, and have a lot of big movies coming out in China in the next year, and want to make sure that we're doing everything we can to grow that market as aggressively as possible.
Stephen B. Burke: So regarding the upfront, let me talk a little bit about the market. A year ago, a lot of advertisers pulled back and didn't spend as much in the upfront. I think part of the thinking was we can always spend later and there's plenty of places to spend our money on digital. I think the emotion of the market has swung pretty dramatically over the last year. I think people have come to the realization that broad television reach is really important in a campaign that digital has a place but television has a big place. And a lot of people, I think, who did not come into the upfront market last year paid significantly more in what has been one of the strongest scatter markets I've ever seen. So in terms of market dynamics, we're going into the upfront season, I think, with a lot of wind at our back, and my prediction is that it's going to be a strong upfront. We think we're in the pole position for that strong upfront. We represent about 20% of the eyeballs in television, if you add up broadcast and cable. NBC is on its way to its third annual 18 to 49 victory. We're doing very well in sports and news at NBC. And then our cable channels are strong. I'm glad you pointed out Telemundo. Telemundo used to be a weak second. We're beating Univision most nights at 10:00 and have closed the gap with Univision. And I think in a number of our channels, we're still underpriced relative to people that we're beating or close to or at least competitive to. So I think we're going into the upfront in a very strong position. And as you said, we sell all of our channels and all of our digital properties together under the unified direction of Linda Yaccarino our head of ad sales, which is an advantage for advertisers, but also, given our position, we tend to talk to people first, and that's exactly where we want to be. So I think we're going into this upfront with a better upfront, a better more unified approach, and more strength than we've ever had, and we'll see how it all plays out.
Stephen B. Burke: Oh, absolutely. Five years ago, we had one franchise, Fast and Furious. Today, we have eight franchises, and we're hard at work trying to build more. And we spend a lot of time trying to figure out where films are in the arc of the franchise. The franchise eventually declines and leaves and we're doing everything we can to make sure that the franchises that we have are strong as possible. We did – our Film group five-year plan review was just yesterday and we spent half the time talking about how to take care of franchises, make sure that they stay fresh, create new ones, make sure that they're fully monetized in consumer products and around the world. So it's a key, key part of our company and again, we've made tremendous progress in the last five years being in the position we are now where we can look forward to these franchises continuing to come back and succeed for many years to come.
Stephen B. Burke: So, in terms of cord cutting, cord shaving, we don't see much change at all. The numbers you – the 2% you talked about is not far off from what we're seeing, and some of it is shaving and some of it is cutting. And the interesting thing about the Cable Network business is the overall resiliency. If you look at the affiliate stream and the advertising stream and the desire for advertisers to buy broadly-distributed, highly-rated cable channels being stronger than ever. So, as a business, it's not going to grow – we've said before and we'll say again, it's not going to grow the way it did 10 years ago. But it's still a good business for us, and we don't see any major change, in terms of what's going on with sub trends.
Stephen B. Burke: So, the Broadcast business is a real positive, I think, in the overall NBCUniversal story, if you look at where the company was five years ago and where it is today. The most highly-rated channels, I think, are going to be staying in the most bundles and are going to be watched by the most people, continue to be watched by the most people, and I put NBC obviously right at the top of that list. Retransmission consent has been a tremendous benefit to our Broadcast business, both the retransmission we get from our own stations and the share we get from our affiliates. If you add those two numbers together, that was a number around zero five years ago and it's a number around $800 million today, something like that. And also on the advertising side, I think, particularly the live events, you've got Olympics coming up for 17 days, our ratings will be higher than all – if you add the other three broadcasters together, we will be a multiple of anyone else's ratings for 17 days. Imagine how valuable that is to someone who's trying to build a brand or introduce a new car or do something major in terms of changing the opinion of people in America. So, it's interesting. I would not have predicted this 10 or 20 years ago but it feels like Broadcast is getting stronger and stronger in this period. We have to keep putting good shows on and it's tougher and tougher in a fragmented world to get a rating. But when you do, you do get – you get rewarded for it significantly.
