Neil Smit: Hi, Craig. It's Neil. The XB6 will be out – it's in the lab now. It'll be out towards the end of year or early next year. It is, as you mentioned, a Wi-Fi based delivery of the video signal, and which should cut down on both OpEx and CapEx cost. And we haven't put out how much yet. It's still in the early days, but I think it'll be a great addition to the overall hardware configuration and should over time bring down CapEx cost – CPE cost.
Neil Smit: Well, churn rates are down significantly with the X1. DVR take rate is about three times native. The pay-per-view is about two times native. We're getting more additional outlets per box so the ARPU is up significantly and churn is down. So it's been a great product for us and we keep innovating with it and adding new features and functionality.
Neil Smit: Hi, Rich. It's Neil. I think the first question concerning how do we balance subs and ARPU can be explained by the fight – the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight last year. The difference in revenue was about 150 basis points in the fight, so if we were to include the fight this year, it would be we'd be 150 basis points up if you want to look at it that way and actually higher ARPU than last year's second quarter – or higher revenue, excuse me. So that explains that. I think we continuously balance the volume and the rate, but we also had more subs come into the starter package, which is a fully-bundled package, this quarter than we had in the past, so we're get the fully-bundled product out there.
Neil Smit: Hi, Marci. On the programming costs question, it came in at 7.4%, but again, it was the fight last year that if included would have risen our rate to a 9.4% increase. So it was a significant difference between cost this year and last.
Neil Smit: I wouldn't read anything significantly into that. It was non-programming expense. We're still focusing on customer service, we're still driving out X1, so I think that the trends are going to be fairly consistent there.
Neil Smit: Well we have one terabyte. We moved it up from 300 gigabyte to one terabyte in 14% of our markets where we have usage-based pricing. We think we're going to continue to adjust and look at it as the market evolves and as usage evolves. We have different pricing models, some based on speed, some based on usage, and we're going to be flexible and kind of let the market tell us which way is best for consumers and how we add the most value. We continue to add speeds. We've upped speeds 17 times in 15 years. We've built out the fastest Wi-Fi. So we're going to continue to invest in the network to stay ahead of things. Concerning prepaid, there is a segment of the customer, or consumer base, that we felt that there was a better model at serving them. They're generally lower income, may or may not have a credit card and generally wouldn't meet our credit ratings – or credit standards that we had applied for customers – acquiring customers. So we felt this was a good model. We tested it and it and worked well, and so we'll be rolling it out on a broader basis.
Neil Smit: Concerning the Wireless strategy and Spectrum, I can't really talk about Spectrum but we think the Wireless represents a significant opportunity for the business. With 28 million customer relationships, our MVNO rights, which we've invoked, and our 15 million Wi-Fi hotspots, we think there's a real business opportunity there. We've been in test and learn mode. We recently announced Greg Butz, who was running all our sales channels to take over the marketing, take over the wireless business. He comes from that business, came to Comcast from the wireless business and has a great deal of experience in selling to our base and acquiring new customers. So we're continuing to move forward with our strategy and more to come in the future.
Neil Smit: Hi, John. With X1, we will be at about 50% penetration by the end of the year. We put out about 885,000 boxes this quarter, so we are growing at a good rate. We'll continue to press more penetration. I'm not exactly sure where it tops out but you could say that generally speaking, in the 80%, 85% range. There's a part of the base you probably don't get to because you don't want to disrupt satisfied legacy customers who are in single-play video. Concerning the business services, you're right. The majority of the growth is still coming from small and medium size. We stood up the enterprise business September of 2015. We're growing customers and we are doing deals with other MSOs. So Huawei's a good example. We just signed a deal with them for 700 locations for both XFINITY public Wi-Fi in the stores and then employee Wi-Fi also within the stores and we did it out of footprint and in footprint. So we did deals with other operators and it's worked out very well. So a lot of the chains we're opening up to like banks have main headquarters and then multiple locations. And that's kind of the profile we're going after in the enterprise space and it's moving ahead quite nicely.
Neil Smit: We haven't made any projections as to how many boxes we'll be getting out over the next year. We're still working the 2017 plan. But I think that, you know, the other thing we're doing is getting X1 out on other devices and incorporating other players like Netflix into X1. So as we go out, and you can get the X1 experience on a Roku or a Samsung TV, that'll also extend its reach.
Neil Smit: I think on the video side we're – we've got what I believe is the best product out there in X1. We continue to add content. We're integrating new content into the platform. We're getting on more devices, and I think we're just executing better. So I see room in continued churn reduction. It's been 29 straight months on the video and HSD side, and I think there's still opportunity there as we improve the customer experience and continue to develop the product. And your second question was...
Neil Smit: Yeah. The competitive environment, there, I think that we're competing well across all markets. Verizon had the strike this quarter but that's only in 15% of our footprint, and the rest of our footprint performed just as well. So I think we're always in a competitive environment. Nothing's changed dramatically, and we think we're competing very well.
Neil Smit: As Steve said, the X1 platform gives us the ability to be an aggregator of aggregators and to incorporate services like Netflix and to give the customer easy access to it, a seamless access. We had tossed around the decision for a while, but really it came down to what's best for the customer as we get very customer experience focused and making sure we had critical mass in X1 so it made a difference. But concerning the premium packages overall, I don't see their role changing dramatically. I think there needs to be some sort of a relationship or an indexing between retail and wholesale pricing, but we still think they add great value to the service and we'll continue to work them into the service.
Neil Smit: And concerning political, we see a good opportunity in the fourth quarter as we have seen in the past, and so we think there's room there. And concerning YES, we had very detailed viewership data that – where we assumed that if we took it off the air, there would be a certain amount of lost subscribers and our assumptions were much higher than the actual case turned out to be. We lost many fewer subscribers than we anticipated. So I think at the end of the day, great programming there will always be a price for, and we'll go in well informed to our conversations and look for value add to the consumer and value add between the programmers and distributors.
Neil Smit: Yeah. Concerning the Q4 OTT products, as Brian said earlier, we haven't seen an OTT model that really is very profitable for us and we think that bundling our products and having business services and operating – the bundle is still the best value. And concerning single play and broadband, we do market that. We think there's going to continue to be streaming services and OTT services that come through and broadband will continue to grow as we continue to invest in the network and the Wi-Fi capabilities.
Stephen B. Burke: So the content licensing numbers bounce around, and this quarter was slightly higher than some of the other quarters, but I don't think there's – I know there's no change in strategy. We run the business being very careful about windows and being very careful about the various ways that we make money, and we've essentially licensed to everybody that you would expect us to license to. As it relates to the new OTT entrance, I think the key there is going to be making sure that we're in every bundle, and I think we're going to be. We have more channels and more eyeballs than anyone else and we're pretty much essential to those bundles. And then as they go out, making sure that they're incremental, that they're not cannibalistic, wholly cannibalistic. I believe the vast majority of OTT subscribers will be incremental. We'll be going after people who currently are not part of the ecosystem and therefore will be additive to NBCUniversal and all of Comcast NBCUniversal as well.
Stephen B. Burke: So in terms of retransmission consent, we've grown retrans very, very substantially in the last five years. But we still lag the other three big broadcasters based on what we know. We make slightly more from our affiliates as a share of their retrans than we make from our O&Os, but the real point, I think, on retrans is we still have some major contracts where retrans is going to take significant step-ups and we're still hundreds of millions of dollars less than some of the other comparable peers. And we think we deserve the same amount for retransmission consent. We have the Olympics, we have the NFL, we're the number one network in the demo, and so I think over time that'll be a number that continues to grow nicely.
Stephen B. Burke: So over the last five years, we've talked a lot about what we call the monetization gap, which is the gap between the CPMs that other people get and the CPMs that we receive. We also have had a monetization gap on the affiliate side, which is the gap between the retrans or the affiliate fees that we receive in similarly situated channels. At the time we did the deal, the monetization gap was about 20% on add sales. We've closed the majority of that gap, and the biggest progress we've made in any single upfront was the progress we just made. A few years ago we put all of our channels together. We had previously sold cable separately from broadcast and sports separately from primetime and news. We put everything together. So now if you want to buy from any part of the company, we have a discussion about every part of the company, and that, because we're the larger provider of television advertising in the country, people come to us first. So for the last couple upfronts, we've really led the discussions and led the sort of negotiations and price setting of the entire market. Brian mentioned it in his overview, but we got 12.5% increases on NBC Entertainment, but we also got 13% on USA. We got 12% on E!, we got 10% on Bravo, and overall Cable was up double digits and broadcast was up double digits. So we had a wonderful upfront. I think in some I instances, we might be a few percentage points ahead of similarly situated networks this year. But we think we deserve that, and we still have a gap that we're trying to close. It's hard to make progress that's much more material than a few percentage points, but I think we certainly made it this year. And we're also taking advantage of the fact that it's a strong advertising market, both in scattering and upfront pricing, and I think big advertisers realize that digital's an important part of the mix. But if you have a major product launch, you really, really have to look at big events on broadcasting cable television that can provide the kind of reach and sort of depth that you get. Think of what someone gets when they advertise in the Olympics. We have three times the combined ratings on any given night during the Olympics of ABC, CBS and Fox. So that kind of appeal, if you're marketing an automobile or a beer or a car, it's just a tremendous value proposition and we're happy to have it, and we made real progress this year.
Stephen B. Burke: Okay. So let me start with the Olympics. So, for the first time since we've been here, we hit our advertising budget for the Olympics three weeks before the start of the Olympics. Normally we would hit the budget right about the time the Olympics started or shortly thereafter. And our budget was about a 20% increase from London. So we're very, very happy with how we're doing in terms of Olympic sales. We make money a lot of different ways in the Olympics. We have national advertising, which is what I was just referring to. We also have a lot of advertising in our own stations. We get paid an affiliate fee by cable and satellite and telco operators. And then we have a very big digital business. All of those businesses look terrific. And the way the Olympics work, you have a sufficient make-good to cover any rating shortfall which we hope and think there won't be. But even if there was a significant shortfall, we would just make good during the Olympics. So we're looking, I think, at a very profitable Olympics. We made $120 million or thereabouts in London, and we are going to make a lot more than that in Rio. So we're looking forward to that. China, Brian and I were in China two weeks ago, and we are very, very bullish on our business there as are most people doing business in China. NBCUniversal made essentially nothing in China four years ago. I'm talking movies, television, consumer products and theme parks. Last year we made call it $170 million in China from movies and television. That number's going to grow substantially in the future. We have existing deals and new deals and we're getting better and better at bringing our products to China. And then in 2020, we're projecting to open a theme park in Beijing, which we're very bullish about. We have not signed all the documents but we've had countless meetings. By the way, our first meeting about Beijing happened something like 12 years ago. So this has been going on a long, long time. But we're essentially – we're in schematic drawings. We've had countless discussions on – we have all the attractions laid out. I mean we're really in production mode. And I think when you look forward to 2020, combination of movies and television and theme parks, China is going to be a very, very substantial profit generator for our company.
Stephen B. Burke: I do think that we and most of the big media companies are concentrating on their big brands. We have some cable channels that don't have full distribution. We've had a certain amount of consolidation and moving around. We had a network called G4 and a network called Style that neither one currently exist. And I think you'll see more of that. I think you'll see the more of that with us and others as the discussions with NVPDs get more and more contentious. I think it's – you want to make sure that your big networks are fully supported and you're more willing to re-allocate. Normally when you do those re-allocations, they're not all that negative for the content owner because you can take some of the programming and fees and ad sales and move them, consolidate them on some of your bigger networks. The good news for us, really, and you're seeing this with OTT, is if you have NBC you really need to be in a bundle. If you have USA it really needs to be in a bundle. If you have Syfy or Bravo or E!, those are big substantial networks that are in the bundle. And when you really look at our cable networks, we make most of our money in those big channels. And we've trimmed, and I think you'll see us and others continue to trim some of the more marginal channels. There's just too many channels and people are spending too much programming channels that are not fully distributed and you'd much rather put your money and have Mr. Robot on USA and have The Voice and Blind Spot on NBC and really go with your strong networks.
Stephen B. Burke: I don't know. I think there's more to do. We've done some. I think there's more to do. I don't think it's going to have a material impact on the way our profitability looks in terms of cable channels one way or the other. It might be slightly positive, but I think it'll evolve itself over the next number of years and we'll continue to invest what we need to invest in the big guys and try to trim some of smaller ones.
Stephen B. Burke: So when you look at all the change that's going on in the video spaces, I think it`s easy to sort of overreact to a change or to predict that a change is going to be more dramatic than it really is. The fact of the matter is something like 40% of the people in America have Netflix now, and the people – it's obviously an extremely successful service and people are watching a lot on Netflix. And whatever Netflix is doing to viewing habits, I think a lot of that is already done and it's going to change and the tide'll come in and go out. But I the fact that Neil's putting it on the set-top box is a great idea. It's very customer-focused. It's going to make Comcast an easier place to view, particularly with X1, easier place to view all the options in video and I think it's a very smart strategy for Comcast, and I think to the degree the MVPD ecosystem stays strong, that's good for NBCUniversal. Our relationship with Netflix has never been better. They're a huge purchaser of our content. We talk to them all the time. So my prediction is it'll be quite a good thing for Comcast Cable and it'll be a good thing for NBCUniversal.
Stephen B. Burke: Okay. I would say the scatter market continues to be extremely strong, as strong as we can remember it being. And that's continuing. We're going into an Olympics period, so who knows what's going to happen there, but I think the advertising market is very, very strong, and some of that is reflected in the upfront. In terms of volume in the upfront, I think we could have sold a lot more than we sold in the upfront. We sold about 10% more volume on the broadcast side, about 5% overall. We turned away a lot of volume. We're working on mix on the cable side to try to get higher, more profitable advertising into our mix in some of our cable channels. But there was plenty of volume. And we could have sold more if we wanted to. The percentage sold as a percent of the total is roughly comparable to previous years, so we still have, depending on the network, 20%, 25% of the volume available for a strong scatter market.
