Jason Armstrong: Yeah. I think Dave said it perfectly, as you think about third quarter, Ben, I think unpacking it and similar to what we saw in the second quarter, the competitive environment remains intense, but it's stable. It's sort of no worse, no better than we've seen over the past couple of quarters, I think that's the starting point. Second, as we pointed out, it's a quarter where we do get seasonal tailwinds, the same things that were headwinds in the second quarter largely become tailwinds in the third quarter. And then there's ACP that works against that where we will see an impact. As Dave said, the intention is to be largely through the impact by the end of the third quarter between actions we've seen and then a reserve we will take. And so, that's the thing we have to make sure we're executing very well against, but as Dave said, the early trends on that, whether it's voluntary churn or trends we've seen so far in non-pay and building non-pay and reserves around that are encouraging.
Jason Armstrong: Hey, Craig, let me hit the margin question real quick. So, I would say, the way we're looking at the business is really across Connectivity & Platforms. So, looking at it that way and managing the business that way. But to unpack it, legacy cable margin, if you wanted to look at it that way, the margin was up 110 basis points in the quarter, so really strong operating improvement to up to 48.4%.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Jonathan. Why don't I start with CapEx, Dave will hit content costs, and then Mike with NBA. So, on CapEx, you're right, we've had some variability this year. I would say, relative to the initial guidance we gave both on the Content & Experiences side, where we talked about this is the final significant year of Epic spending and then we get relief beyond this. And then, on the Connectivity & Platform side, which I think is probably where more of your question was, we gave a capital intensity envelope as we entered the year. We also said intend to do 1.1 million-plus in terms of homes passed. We're obviously trending a little bit above that at this point, but still feel comfortable with the capital intensity envelope that we gave. And so, there are some timing aspects around equipment purchases within the year. I would say, still feel comfortable with the existing capital intensity envelope. And within that, doing more and more homes passed at a really efficient rate, I think that's a testament to how the team is executing here.
Jason Armstrong: Hey, Steven, I would just round that out on the capital intensity question, because I think embedded in that was sort of a long-term capital intensity question. If you look at what we're doing now, the path towards mid-splits, which as Dave mentioned, really good progress there, that kicking off DOCSIS 4.0 and then adding 1.2 million homes passed, which is a record for us in the last 12 months and doing that all within through the existing capital intensity envelope, which is one of, if not, the lowest in the industry. So, very good progress there. As you think about longer term, a lot of people ask this question in the context of is there the next big thing coming in terms of the network upgrade. We feel very comfortable between mid-splits and DOCSIS 4.0, that leading to multi-gig symmetrical speeds that, that is the network for the future. So, we don't see the next big thing coming. The one area that I'd point out, we'd love to do more homes passed. We've accelerated the rate from 800,000 in the past couple of years up to currently 1.2 million. We won't get capital intensity because of that. If those are good returns and things we should be doing, we'd love to do more there.
Mike Cavanagh: And, Ben, it's Mike on parks. So, to hit on that again and appreciate the question, I think we covered a lot in the earlier remarks, but I'll start where Brian last finished, which is, we couldn't be more excited about and confident in the long-term trajectory of the parks business, particularly as we look ahead to next year with Epic Universe, which is truly -- looking truly unbelievable. And then, other attractions coming, Hollywood is going to get a Coaster and Donkey Kong Country into Osaka in the latter part of this year. Timing, TBD on both of those. But in the near term, I think the domestic attendance challenge that was -- what drove two-thirds of the poor comparison, the factors causing that, which is really the COVID pull-forward that we talked about and the timing of attractions, particularly in Hollywood lapping Super Nintendo, and in Florida, the fact that we originally planned to have Epic opened this year, but with COVID pushed it back, and so have a lull in the action. We haven't started a new big attraction since VelociCoaster in 2021. So, as a result of that, I think the factors, even though we're excited about Hollywood Horror Nights in the second half of the year and a little bit of moving past the lapping, I think the trends that we are experiencing likely continue until we get to -- until we get to Epic opening up sometime next year.
Mike Cavanagh: Sure. Hey, Jessica, it's Mike. So, I think I've essentially covered everything that I wanted to cover and can cover at this stage on NBA in the prepared remarks. Obviously, when the NBA makes its ultimate announcements, we'll -- that will be another moment where we can go deeper. But just to the point generally is that we are looking at the NBA as we all said as some of the premier content that is culturally relevant, excellent audience, widens out the calendar year for us across Peacock and NBC, can do a lot with the demographics that follow the NBA around other programming. So, when you think about the business case for it, when you look at the long-term and as we are managing the media business, broadcast and Peacock as one, I think the unique reach that we have and ability for a sport like the NBA to reach so far with our existing broadcast business and use, as I said earlier, plenty of exclusive games for Peacock to drive excellent acquisition in Peacock and we've talked about before using NBA. And as we've talked about before, sports has been a great source of acquisition for us in Peacock and a great source of value to the consumer. But what's very interesting to us is how significant the viewership is of sports viewers on Peacock of things other than sports. So, when you take a zoom out and think about the total picture of what we're trying to do, which is to bring our excellent TV media assets into the future, I think you can -- we view the NBA as an excellent piece in that puzzle and it will allow us to rebalance programming from other areas. Obviously, we'll fill a few nights on NBC with this content versus other content, and we'll use this to do acquisition spend in Peacock and lighten up in some other places. But the long-term goal for Peacock is to have a service that is a balance of sports, entertainment, and news. And so our content teams are now very focused on that new audience and what we're going to be able to do to drive entertainment content with the advantage of being linked closely to the NBA and to the audience that follows it. And then, on advertising, so second quarter, pretty -- only a slight step down from the first quarter, but clearly we had a much heavier load of sports in the first quarter than the second quarter, and so that -- adjusting for that, I'd say again that the advertising market remains pretty stable, and we feel very well-positioned for the second half of the year with the Olympics coming up starting this Friday, elections, and a great slate of content coming to NBC and Peacock. In terms of the upfront, we're pleased with our results. Total volume for us is going to be basically in line with last year as is linear price. We got well over $1 billion in upfront volume for Peacock again, which -- a nice growth over what we had last year. And so, if you step back, we'd say the overall upfront market was pretty solid. We moved quickly given our strength of our assets to secure the volume that we got. So, we feel we were a success in this more challenging upfront given the arrival of so many of the new players, especially in the AVOD and SVOD space. So that's the report on the upfronts, but we're moving forward and feel like the team did quite a good job.
Mike Cavanagh: And Jonathan, it's Mike. On NBA, I wish it were sooner, but the contract doesn't start till the 2025-2026 season. So, it's fall of 2025 that we would start to bear the expense of the right side of it. And obviously, that is also as we build into that when we would begin to see the benefits of subscriber acquisition around the NBA.
Mike Cavanagh: Steven, on Peacock and media EBITDA, I think you heard us right anyway, heard me right. I've been talking since I've been doing this that I don't really look at Peacock as standalone. I mean, it's an interesting exercise and I'm happy to share the numbers of what the loss is on Peacock as we're building it. But strategically to not pursue that path would leave the existing media business on a downward trend. So, I think we are thinking about it over multiple years. I'm very confident that what we're doing around Peacock and the media business together, operating together is going to put us on a path to optimize that business. And as you said, I think this is a year where we see the growth in Peacock offsetting the decline in some of our linear businesses, and that's basically a trend I would expect to see carry forward. There's going to be ebbs and flows. As Brian said, something like NBA is once in a generation almost to get an opportunity like that. So obviously, we'll make some adjustments and it might pause our trajectory the year we take it on board, but I think it's part and parcel of the idea that we're bringing the media business to a better future by investing behind Peacock and doing it together with all our assets, entertainment, sports and news as what our media business will look to be in the future. Well, thank you everybody. I think that's it. I stole Marci's line. Go ahead.
Dave Watson: Hey, Craig, Dave. So, in terms of delinquency rates, there's nothing. We're watching, it's just -- we have a normal process that we manage through based on due dates and voices and it goes anywhere from two to three months. There's nothing at this point to report on at this stage. We watch it closely. Other than to go back to what I said, been very proactive, and I think it we're helped by experience and promotional roles and the fact that we tried to put customers into packages that made sense for them proactively. So, there's a lot of work that went into that ahead of time, but nothing at this stage and we'll give more as we go. In terms of -- the question in terms of lower gross adds impacts on connects, it was not material that we saw in Q2. So maybe just a little bit in terms of things that we said, but yeah, it wasn't a substantial impact in Q2 and we think the bulk of what we're seeing is really going to be on the non-pay side, which will occur in Q3.
Dave Watson: Yeah, this is Dave. BEAD, we're looking at it very closely. It is going to be worked out on a state-by-state basis. We're optimistic in a lot of cases, but we'll have to look for the guidelines and the specifics tied to it. Nothing at this point would suggest we're going to be beyond the capital intensity that we've already given out. I think with all -- I mean, we're optimistic. One of the points that Brian mentioned, the 1.2 million that we've done in the last 12 months is astounding. And the machine is really going. So, we're leaning in, going for it, but BEAD will be on a state-by-state basis.
Dave Watson: Hey, John, Dave. So, in terms of video, as Jason said, it's -- our video losses are lower than the ones -- last year, it's tied. We did take a slightly less rate increase this year than last year. And the key for us in video is just positioning video with broadband and that video does help in that regard. We've seen positive churn in terms of video, reimagining video around the NOW TV product and IP and that has been steady. It's still early, but has been helpful. So, video, I think for the right segment, we offer a lot of value and we continue to position it, I think, very well with broadband. But difficult -- and still in terms of some of the fees and things that we have, but I think an important category for us. So on -- in terms of the Mobile side, NOW Mobile is not material at this point, way too early. The acceleration in line adds over Q1 driven by the early success of the new pricing plans, really competitive now in multi-line pricing. Launched in April, we targeted it for a while, now it's scaling, and it's really got traction, as well as the Buy One, Get One line offer to our base. So, wireless is such an important part of our overall strategy and key that it's 12% penetration, we've got great runway ahead. Business Mobile is just getting going and it's a great position for us in terms of convergence. I think, we're uniquely positioned in terms of ubiquitous offers across our entire footprint, and mobile will be front and center as we approach the Olympics and we will have a great offer with broadband, with mobile, being able to tie all this together, so very excited with it. The comment -- just one other part in terms of what happened in terms of Verizon's unpacking that, the only thing I'll say is, I think it's an important distinction that our ACP customers are postpaid versus their prepaid. It's a different group, a different dynamic. And so, not really -- we're just getting going on our NOW products. And so, it's very, very early on. Excited about that. And I think we're introducing it at a very good moment, but it's not material at this stage.
Dave Watson: Hey, Jonathan, Dave. So, just on the content cost side of things, that's also timing related. We -- in the sports side, well-known thing in terms of RSNs and -- but there are other timing-related things. Every contract with the programming partner is different, every relationship is different, so won't go into the specifics. But it is key that we focus on, for us flexibility, increasing market choice. We segment the marketplace both video and broadband, and together, and that is important that we're competitive in every segment. And at the end of the day, we're focusing on value. Combining linear streaming considerations on a case-by-case basis, but mostly at this point is timing related.
Dave Watson: Got it. Thank you. This is Dave. So, a couple of things. Let me start with business. As you said, it is competitive in the small business categories, competitive in every category, but in particular, the small business one. There certainly is some fixed wireless that we've seen, and saw it in the Verizon results, pretty high percentage of the fixed wireless that are in the small business thing, and we're -- we look at that closely. We are intensely focused on our competitive playbooks and we're going to constantly compete for share. But we're also focused on revenue per relationship. And so, in the small business area, before getting into mid-market, we're doing a lot of product upgrades, adding value and speed, WiFi, security. And so, we made good progress and revenue focus around in small business. And it's such a huge opportunity for us and still in terms of small business. But Ed has stepped right in. It's a terrific team in the business services group that he's working with. And there really is, I think, a unique opportunity. When you look at the overall addressable market of $60 billion, less than 20% there, and a huge chunk of this will be mid-market and enterprise. And we're -- and you add on top of that international opportunities that we're beginning to coordinate and work well with Dana and the team at Sky. So, yeah, we really are seeing nice relationship growth in mid-market and enterprise. That's the starting point, but in addition to like all of our strategies, we're adding more products and attaching new products on these relationships, and going beyond just connectivity into a full managed relationship basis. So, Ed is driving that, and we're in a good competitive position for growth, and I think we have a good ability to increase ARPU across an increasing higher-end base of customers. So, on the mobile side of upgrade, it is -- every single upgrade moment pay close attention to that one too, and we're optimistic. We're in good position. We have a great trade-in program for mobile that we've had in place now for a while. And then, in addition to that, we go in and out in terms of subsidies on top of that trade-in program. And then, when good upgrade moments happen, we are the switching provider. So, when people -- we have great core rates and we have good handset offers and good position for it. So, being a switching provider, I think we are -- I think in a unique position to really take advantage of that. And when you look at things going into the optimism for Q3, one of the most important programs that we'll do, along with the handset upgrade initiative on mobile will be the Olympics. And the Olympics are such a unique opportunity for us to showcase the best broadband, the best mobile service offering, combining those two things together in such an attractive offer. On top of that is the greatest UI in the marketplace that helps you find whatever you want. So, really excited about that. Look for that in the next couple of days, but mobile will be front and center along with broadband when that happens.
Dave Watson: Hey, Steven, this is Dave. Let me start and then hand it over on the Peacock side. So, we're 42% mid-split right now. We expect to be 50% by year-end. And the DOCSIS 4.0 that follows, multiple markets so far, it's early, no specifics in terms of the final rollout on that. But it really is tracking very well on top of the lot of new footprint expansions of 1.2 million over the last 12 months, this upgrade program is moving along very well, and it tracks to where the customers are, and our steady focus around the higher end. And one of the things that we see, we have the most effective and efficient build that's ubiquitous that is addressing speed, capacity, coverage and it helps us because as we're doing this, remember, we're virtualizing huge parts of the network and avoiding future node split. So, it's very efficient in helping us with the -- 70% of our customers are 500 megabits or higher, a third are taking a gig. And it's tracking to maybe one of the biggest tailwinds that is out there and that's the fact that our network consumption is still low double-digits increasing. And that's not stopping. And so, we're putting ourselves in position with a great upgrade program. And so that to me is, I think, a great advantage that we do have. In terms of competition, in terms of fiber, we're now 50% in terms of the overbuilt. We expect by the end of '25, that'll get to 60%. We'll probably go higher than that. We have a long track record of competing against fiber 20 years at this point. So, we do think fiber is quite frankly the longer-term competitor, keeping our eye on, compete fiercely against fixed wireless and every competitor, but we anticipate where they're building, what they're doing and keeping track of all of that. So, like our results -- and encouraged, when you look going into Q3, one of the reasons of optimism is that voluntary churn that continues to perform very well. And I think it's our superior network combined with better products and extreme focus on competition.
