David Watson: Ben, this is Dave. So in broadband, everything starts with a steady, consistent investment in the network. So I think we are delivering -- we'll continue to deliver the most efficient and effective way of supporting the high-bandwidth applications, whether it's gaming to Internet TV. Our network is built for those applications. So we'll continue to do that in ubiquitous way throughout our footprint, and it really comes down to 3 big areas that we will stay focused on. One is speeds. We're going to continue to match capacity. And we have a strong track record, 17 times, 17 years. We now have 100% of our network where we have 1 gig available. So we're going to continuously very focused on that.  WiFi in the home is just critical for all the different devices. So our gateway, I think, is the best gateway in the marketplace. We have pods that we have brought into marketplace. And we make it easy through the app being able to optimize it. It's so easy to install the pods. And then, over time, they're automatically and proactively optimized to make sure that the coverage is continuously improved.  And last but not least is control, and this is how do we help devices get attached to the network, how do we manage applications and, increasingly, over time, how do we help customers with security. So all of those things kind of add up to xFi. xFi is the brand in which all of these things kind of come together.  And you look at the performance, as Brian said, this is the 14th year we're looking at. For 2019, we'll add over 1 million net broadband customers, and we're balancing share gains with strong revenue. So as we do this, I think we're delivering good value. The ARPU is growing. Broadband revenue is growing, and it's margin accretive, so it's helping the EBITDA growth. So overall, I think we have a solid pipeline for broadband innovation. This is -- we start with this category.
David Watson: Craig, this is Dave. So let me start with margin. And you're right, we don't give long-term margin guidance. But let me start with our focus, and I think that gets to the fundamentals that will continue to impact margin. The main areas, I think we've been very consistent on this, that we focus on total relationship growth, EBITDA per customer relationship and net cash flow per customer relationship. These are -- nothing is going to change in regards to the consistent strategy. So -- and that all starts and it impacts margin by focusing on the connectivity businesses, both residential and business services, which are both of those are margin accretive. So that's the first part.  Second part, and as Mike mentioned earlier, a ton of focus around improving the customer experience and just taking out the unnecessary noise in the business, the unnecessary transactions, a lot of focus around the digital experience and the customer experience, so these are fundamentals that I think are impacting this quarter, but will continue beyond.  So I mean, there's a lot of runway had in terms of improvement and as we stay focused on the connectivity businesses. I do think you have in the balance of the year -- the second half of the year, you'll have cycles, like sales activity, mobile sales, that picks up. And we expect certain new product introductions could impact margin a little bit and/or just the tough comp politically with political advertising. So there'll be a couple of things that could go from quarter-to-quarter. But overall, the fundamentals, I think, are rock solid in terms of our approach towards margin. And so don't give really anything beyond this year, but feel very good about the fundamentals.
David Watson: So it's Dave. So on broadband momentum and -- it's -- we don't give longer-terms specific guidance. But most certainly, our approach is to continue to focus on the connectivity side of things, both residential and commercial. So we're -- I think we're doing both. We're adding -- we're gaining share. We are -- we have a good balance in terms of financial performance revenue. And it really does start with broadband. So our approach very much starts with being a standalone broadband, packaging broadband with X1, with other products, and we'll continue to do that. Our -- we have record churn in broadband. We continue to do, I think, a good job delivering good value. So everything I said earlier around the product pipeline is going to continue to help us in the back half of the year. So like our momentum, this is -- Q3 is always around back to school and other opportunities in broadband. But I -- we're looking at, as we said, another year, we're going to have over 1 million broadband net adds and this is really solid momentum that we have there.
David Watson: Well, Doug, we haven't -- we don't give longer-term guidance, as you know, in programming. We have certainly said that we are -- these -- that last year, this year, in as cycle where there's less activity -- deal activity. So we'll be into lower programming increases. So -- but having said that, I do think we are very different in a couple of different ways. One, that we have X1. X1, I think, gives us strategic flexibility as we approach this new environment and that we combine the best of live, on-demand DVR applications. And so as we approach relationships -- important relationships with us, we're just giving consumers unprecedented options for them to simply get what they want. So we are -- we will approach it. We'll very aggressively look at data, every single deal that we will look at engagement. But we will offer up X1, and X1 will continue to be a really important platform for us in the future.
David Watson: Marci, Dave. So I think you had to break that down in two ways. One, there's a marketing focus and there's a product focus. From a marketing perspective, our focus is -- we talked about connectivity, but we're also -- video is an important packaging element to the segments that are profitable, that want the best video platform there is in X1. So we'll continue to emphasize our approach towards segmentation and leveraging X1 with broadband, so you get the best-in-class combination of the 2. So we're not going to chase low end. You look at the last quarter, a lot of that are -- actually, our video churn was relatively stable to last year's second quarter. It's just less emphasis on going after lower end. But overall, X1, we will continue to market into those segments.  From a product perspective, we will invest and are investing in X1. We're adding applications. We've talked about Hulu will be up next. The others that we're talking, we're excited about next year at NBC. There's a lot more in terms of what customers want. And as Brian mentioned, we are excited about and more to come on Flex. Flex is another -- is an extension of X1 that gives an opportunity to go after the streamer segment with a solution that kind of integrates, in an elegant way, the applications, the data. So you can use your voice, you can get to the content that you want for those apps. So more to come on that. But we will continue to invest where it makes sense on video.
Stephen Burke: So we're hard at work on our streaming plans. We're planning on announcing more details as we get closer to the launch. Our goal is to launch the service next April. We have over 500 people working on the service at present. We're using the NOW TV platform that has worked so well in Europe as really the platform foundation. We believe we have a very innovative way of coming into the market that is very different than anything else in the market and, we believe, has very attractive financial aspects versus other ways to get into streaming.  The Office was important to us because, according to Nielsen, The Office is the number one show on Netflix. It's about 5% of all of Netflix's volume, which, obviously, a show that was on NBC and is tied to the DNA of NBC. And we see The Office as being one of the tent pole programs on our platform. So we'll have more to talk about. I think for competitive reasons, we believe we've got some ideas that are innovative and don't really want to share those until we get right close to launch, but we're very pleased to have The Office and very optimistic about our streaming plans at this point.
Stephen Burke: So we had a record upfront. For the last seven years, we've been selling all of our channels together at the upfront. And pretty much, for the last seven years, we've been leading the upfront. We're the first company that does business, and we sell more television advertising than anyone else in the country. This year was particularly robust. Our volume was up 10%. I think our average pricing was up close to 10%, maybe 9%. NBC and primetime was up about 13.5%. And we saw a variety of things that drove that. Maybe the most interesting is that now the biggest category of advertising are upfront is from companies that are digital-native companies, the FAANG companies, Peloton businesses, streaming businesses, businesses that basically exist on the Internet. And ironically, those are the businesses that are putting some pressure on our ratings. But interestingly, those businesses find television advertising very, very effective. And because they're so data-oriented, they can measure the impact of television advertising.  So well over $1 billion this year came from digital-native companies that literally didn't advertise 4 or 5 years ago. And that's what happens when an advertising market is in good shape. You need a good economy and then you need some new advertisers. We were fortunate enough to have both. Our digital ad sales -- our ad sales on our digital platforms, digital products, have also surpassed $1 billion. So you've got kind of an all-screen approach to the market as opposed to just selling linear television. So the advertising market is very, very healthy and that's part of the reason why we're still very optimistic about the future of broadcast and cable channels.
Stephen Burke: Just looping back to Parks, which was part of your question, Jessica. We continue to remain very bullish on the Parks business. And obviously, we're investing in Beijing. We're investing in our domestic parks. We think there's a lot of opportunity down in Orlando. We built a lot of hotel rooms. We'll be talking more about investment in the state of Florida. And it's now about 1/3 of NBCUniversal's total operating cash flow. And we continue to love the business and think it fits very well with our animated movie business and other things that we're doing.
Stephen Burke: Well, first of all, our service is very different than Netflix. I do think when Netflix started, it was all acquired programming. And I believe, today, acquired programming is something like 80% of Netflix's volume. The vast majority of our volume, I expect to be acquired. We are spending some money on originals. And we've announced that we're doing another year of A.P. Bio. And we have another -- we have a number of originals that are actually tied to libraries that we currently own. But I would expect the vast majority of the consumption in the beginning would be acquired.
Brian Roberts: Jeremy, maybe talk about Sky Studios and, a little bit, the strategy there, if you wouldn't mind to the question he made about Chernobyl.
Brian Roberts: On the other thing, look, we -- this is why we think Comcast/NBCUniversal is such a dynamic company. We -- there will be changes in one segment or another. We've been pretty consistent. Steve's been pretty vocal that cable nets will see some pressure on subscriber losses. We're benefiting from that and then selling a lot of content to streaming services. We're building our own streaming service. Our Broadband business benefits from that tremendously. And -- but that's why we have a Parks business, and we have seen great results at Broadcast division this quarter. And the Cable nets grew. So -- and that's where having more global footprint will allow us to create one production and sell it all over the world, if that's what we choose to do. So I think it's pretty much what we've anticipated. We've positioned the company and shifted our strategies accordingly. And on the margin between one division or another, there may be slightly different emphasis. But part of the uniqueness that Steve was just talking about of some of our ideas, which is to really support the ecosystem as we see it and take advantage of this change that we're all living through and make it a positive on the other side. And that we've seen, as I said in my opening, time and time again. And we've managed with really great leaders to have products that have yielded many years of growth for this company and we see that for the future.
Brian Roberts: Thanks. We're pretty focused on what we have right in front of us and very excited by it. What drove our appetite for Sky was -- began with Sky being in play and being put in the market and then pushes you to make a decision. So there's not anything at this point that I see that the company doesn't have that we're not pleased with on a big-scale basis.  And second, what Mike just referred to about our priority to return the balance sheet to its historic levels as quickly as possible is our number one, number two and number three focus. And so we're trying to execute well, which, I think, this quarter, the first half year did. I think, to your wireless question, we're really pleased with the wireless, Xfinity Mobile, the first several years, we've been in business. Team, around 1.5 million customers, I believe. And really, we're offering a great suite of products with value to our best broadband customers. It's got a strategic focus for how we're operating the company. And now it's beginning to have real volume and scale and getting us closer to that point where, economically, it's not a drag and it's a contributor. So I don't know why we would change direction. And things could always change, but we're pretty satisfied that we have a great product and it fits with the suite of products we offer to customers.
Brian Roberts: Okay. Well, I just would add that I think it was a good first half of the year. And I think we had a pretty robust discussion this morning, so I don't have anything to add. It was a good answer, David. Thank you.
Jeremy Darroch: Sure, Brian. So a couple of things, Ben. It's just on your first point, remember, in Europe, particularly we're buying content for the market as a whole. So we can use our content very efficiently, either of the DTT service over a streaming service. So it's one of the reasons, whilst revenue from our streaming brand, NOW TV, tends to be lower, our cost basis is much, much lower as well. So it's -- we were thinking of it efficiently on an incremental basis. And the more we can do that with technology, as Steve described, of course, the more that effect can apply across the company.  In terms of Sky Studios, really, our focus is on own originated content and European content. And I think this is going to be extremely powerful for us because, I think, there's a big opportunity to develop European stories at a scale that we've never really seen before. It's no surprise to me that both Game of Thrones actually, but also Chernobyl did particularly well here. Game of Thrones essentially was shot in Europe. It had a lot of European actors. And of course, Chernobyl, a difficult subject, is one of the great sort of European stories over the last few decades.  So I think there's a real spot for us to drive into now Sky Studios. It will be the vehicle that we'll use to do that and that will complement all of the acquired programming that we are getting from around the world, but will be very, very different as well because it will be essentially European. So it fits really very well with us. And of course, we'll displace some of the acquired program -- programming with more of our own originated content as part of our investment thesis.
Jeremy Darroch: In terms of -- sorry. Yes, sorry if I missed it. Just in terms of your question, I think we're going to be -- we remain a really fantastic partner for the companies you mentioned or anybody else who wants to develop a D2C or a business in Europe. I mean, typically, it seems to be when most people land, the first question they're going to have to ask themselves is where all the Pay TV customers. And on the hole, that was Sky. So I would hope that with our historic relationship, the relationship we have, that we'll continue to be able to work with many, many people to help them and us be successful.  However, as you would expect, we deliver lots of -- we develop lots of options on our business. So our investment in Sky Studio isn't really predicated on anybody else. We'll double the amount of original programming we have. We have the capacity to take that further quickly if we so want to. We're seeing great results from that. So just this quarter, viewing the Sky's own original programs was more than double what it was a year ago. And it is -- there is a secondary market. We are monetizing it well. We're either selling it in market to other retailers. So for example, we've got relationships with all the telcos, the cable businesses in Europe to sell our content to their customers. And our revenues are up something like 30% in terms of content sales year-on-year. So I think we've got a lot of good options available to us, and we'll just have to see how commercial negotiations pan out.
Jeremy Darroch: Yes. Look, I think from a customer point of view, that's only -- and actually, our business is already trading up to faster speeds. About half of our customers in the U.K., for example, now are already taking Sky Fibre. So I think, on the back of that trend, there's nothing sort of dramatic happening in Europe but a consistent trend we can grow. We get good access to higher-speed broadband in the markets in which we compete.  Our launch in Italy, which will be probably the start of next year, later this year, sort of next year is actually a good example of our partnering with Open Fiber being a particularly helpful contract with them that gives us flexibility to just start with fiber to the premises from a get-go. So I think our position today is a good one. You can see that, of course, in the success that we've delivered in the U.K., where we become very strong number two in the residential market. We'll build a similar position in Italy. It will big new business for us to build. And then we'll be open to, can we work more closely with network providers in all those markets. And if we can, we will, but I don't think it's going to constrain us. And I don't think it's a prerequisite for us to continuing to grow.
