Neil Smit: Hi, Jason. I think that the number one is I've been really surprised by the enthusiasm and the motivation of folks here. There is really pride in being part of Comcast. I think the scale of the business is impressive, and that as we do things as one entity and we are well aligned, we can really move the needle. I think I'm really focused on aligning the business around some big themes and getting focused as well as customer service. I think we've made a lot of progress part of my arrival here in customer service, and we are now leveraging some of that we are sharing calls more between the various entities. We are doing in self service area. We are doing more in self service area. We are doing more intra day monitoring of calls, and really we're focusing on sharing the best practices between the regions that been went out to the regions and divisions. There is a lot of good things happening and we're trying to leverage that across the business. So, they are also there is where we are really focused on here.
Neil Smit: Hi, John its Neil. I think clearly we saw a sequential slowdown in HSD but year-over-year in the quarter we were up 80% and year-to-date we put on 517 case up and are up about 31%. Revenue this quarter was up 10%. So -- and over the past four quarters we have put on more HSD sales in AT&T and Verizon combined. So, we are very pleased with our financial performance, we are very pleased with the way our product is positioned and we see great opportunities going forward. I will pass it over to Brian.
Neil Smit: Hi, Jason its Neil. On the video side I think there were a few factors that Steve referred to. The first was seasonality and I think the impact has been more pronounced as we have executed better on some of the back-to-school campaigns. The second was DTV and a promo roll off. We estimate about 100 K gain, or more than a 100-K gain for the DTV campaign last year and we had some promo roll off that occurred within the quarter. And I think on the competitive side, I think it's no surprise that it's a more competitive environment. We've got three plus competitors in any, in most of our markets and I think with the economy you're going to see more promotional activity. I think if you go to the destination price that the customer ultimately pays at the end of all the promotional activities rolling off. We feel very good about our products and our pricing. I'll turn it over to Michael on the margin side.
Neil Smit: Hi Spencer. I think your point is fair that -- I think consumer confidence hasn't recovered yet and there are fewer occupied living units to buy our services. That being said, as Michael mentioned, our ARPU is strong. We're selling more advanced services. We're selling more triple play and we've got a great value proposition in our phone product. So I think we've able to offset a lot of that, the foreclosure issue with the economy and we'll continue to be competitive in our product set and continue to adjust our product bundling and our offers to meet the market conditions.
Neil Smit: Hi Craig. Well, as Brian mentioned our All-Digitals rolled out about 60% of our footprint and we're active in about 80%. We've been successful on those rollouts, and we've -- we're seeing great opportunity as you mentioned in freeing, and upping our bandwidth capacity. I think a few examples of that as we've rolled out XFINITY in markets, we're offering over 100 HiDef channels, we've doubled the amount of foreign language programming to between 50 or 70 channels.  We've launched on-demand with more than 20,000 TV and movie choices. We've eliminated in some of our more mature markets about 25% of the truck rolls, so it comes in the form of being able to offer more content in the video side, higher speeds on the HSD side, and more operational efficiencies and I think those are some of the tangible benefits of that. I think as we move forward in that, our capacity has increased, it will really depend on consumer needs and demands how we utilized that capacity going forward.
Neil Smit: I would add 3D interactive advertising, ethnic programming, business services, one of the great things about what happened to Comcast and the cable industry in general the last five to 10 years, Steve used to refer to us we're going to be a new products company. For longtime, I never quite understood what that would mean, and if you really think about that's what we become, and we have a number of products and as the competitive nature of each of those areas and the demand that's put on them to have a network it's finding a way to get more capacity is a really important and strategic assets for the company.
Neil Smit: I still think there is a lot more potential there about half the films right now we're getting day-and-date with DVD and as that 50% gets closer to a 100% and consumers can pretty much count it, the films being there day-and-date, I think there is a chance for a big jump as part of Project XFINITY we now have 70,000 hours of VOD capacity in many of our big markets and you look at the ability to deliver lots and lots of movies and increasingly lots and lots of movies day-and-date with DVD, to me it feels like there is a lot of upside. I think we are just starting to see that reflected in the financials.
Neil Smit: And with regard to the High-Speed 2go, as you know we're positioning our HSI and home product together with our 4G wireless products, so your getting basically the fastest home internet product with the fastest mobility product. To ensure that there is broad access to the 4G network we're also offering High-Speed 2go that includes 4G-3G as well as the 3G stand alone option right now. We're actively deploying High-Speed 2go in seven different markets and as of the second quarter we'll have the product available to about 17 million of our homes and we are looking to expand that by the end of 2010.
Neil Smit: I think it's a mix of business travelers as well as people who just want to have access to the products outside of the home. So, the mobility related customer, so it's both. 
Neil Smit: With regards to the high speed seasonality, I think it was very evident in our Q2 to Q3 numbers last year. So, you saw that become reality there. So, in Q2 of last year we added about 65K customers and in Q3, we added about 361K customers, so pretty significant difference and I think a lot of that attributed, attributable to be back to school and some of the seasonal movement. With regards to DOCSIS 3.0, we do generally see when we launch that in the market, we're able to offer high speeds. We do see the umbrella affect, people buy the higher speed, but they also tear up and there are other services. And the good news is our high speed tiers continue to outsell our economy service. So, there is real appetite for some half of the consumers for this higher speeds and all they bring to their capabilities in the house. 
Neil Smit: No I think business services while, we had a great quarter there up 54% was a relatively minor contributor to the overall ARPU number.
Neil Smit: Hey, just would add I think, again the strategy of investing and having superior products puts your in a position to sort of see what the future holds really to those questions in terms of how much market opportunity is there. But I think we're really enjoying the fruits of those investments and I think in the business service market, that's particularly in broadband and in the business service market I think we're just, really just getting going and the market keeps, our market opportunities keep expanding. The same is true on broadband. As you project four or five years, 10 years you know there is going to be more and more connected devices all over this country that the consumer uses. I saw some study that said that - that wouldn't tend to connected devices in a home. So our strategy, its not just any one product. It's having the best platform. And I think that's really critical as we go forward.
Brian Roberts: I think on the regulatory front Jessica, there is really no new news. The process is well underway and we are still hopeful for a year end, before year end close.
Brian Roberts: On Title II or reclassification of broadband or whatever you want to refer to it, we feel pretty pleased that there is a constructive dialogue around this area and with the FCC and with number of stakeholders. We have on the one hand the national broadband plan needs reasonable rules to allow them to implement plan that we think many elements they were very supportive of and so as the chairman has talked about a third way proposal and that's one possibility, it seems like the extreme scenarios are off the table from our perspective but there is -- we are hopeful that there is a constructive process underway to try to find regulatory solutions that can allow the businesses to go forward with some certainty to be pro-investment and pro-innovation and at the same time establish some ground rules that everyone can find constructive. So, we are working on that and when there is something definitive we will be able to report it, I am still hopeful.
Brian Roberts: On our technological plans, our principal focus really is in market. We continue to believe that's a business that we understand, that we understand the business model. We've not seen other business models that make sense to us at this time; so, out of market. In market we've tired with Fancast national websites. But in market our focus is trying to really give our customers the benefit of the IP technology. That can be in the form of the iPad app that we showed at the cable show where you're able to get on the web and see what's available and control your TV better to more on-demand online features on devices if you, one of our customers and this cross platform acceleration of capabilities using IP technology is going to continue to happen it's an exciting time, but we continue to believe that this is part of what's powering our broadband business. Our Wi-Fi really helps enable the last foot if you will to let the consumer device be almost whatever they wanted to be for that last foot, but that last mile is best with our cable and pretty bullish on consumption and usage, and how that's going to power our business and the investments we're making in capital to have the best, the best facilities to a broadband video-on-demand, HiDef and the like.
Brian Roberts: I can say operationally, generally, we have what we called power rankings, between our different regions and it's stacked up financial results, customer service type results, operational results. And generally speaking, the markets that are more matured and their Cavalry rollout that have had it for a longer time period and to be higher in our overall power rankings which is a very comprehensive way of looking at the business, so that's probably the most tangible evidence we have of the benefits of Cavalry.
Brian Roberts: And then just to add to that Greg, it's been a very good -- let's say ROI effort for us as well, we've spent time analyzing those mature markets and certainly as Neil mentioned from a cost stand point, there is real savings and we've been very pleased. We will look to possibly share some of that later this year, early next year as the more data matures.
Brian Roberts: Lot of stuff in there, so we will try our best to all of that if we don't you are free to follow-up, but on Netflix, they've done a great job. They have offered a nice product and I think what we can do is try to make our products better. A number of the on-demand offerings have improved. Dramatically, we've something we call project infinity that has a significant leap forward in the amount of on-demand content from library servers. We're very excited about the potential of our technology, but one of the things Netflix does beautifully and others is give you a great way to search what's available and give you recommendation, and that's not so easily on our electronic program guide today. So we are improving, I think we will improve and let me kick it over to Neil for some of your other questions. 
Brian Roberts: Yeah we are actually going through some of that right now but we will consolidate NBCU, so we will consolidate their debt. Obviously it's not recourse but when you really will peel back the onion. Some of it will be proportional but just to be clear once the deal closes and we issue our statements, we will be NBC will be consolidated with Comcast. We will control it and we will manage it. Obviously, we have a lot, we'll have a lot of say in terms of how that business performs, we are very pleased by the way with regards to the financing that they did earlier this year where they issued about $4 billion of financing and that's turned out to be a very smart move took out part of the bridge facilities. But just to be clear it will be fully consolidated.
Brian Roberts: No I think we are going to look at it as a whole, we will be one company. Obviously, we will have a minority invest with regards general electronics but we will look at it as a whole. I think where we are post closing, I think we have articulated as a consolidated basis we'll be somewhere around 2.5 times that's a reasonable number and for Comcast consolidated we are some have been and will be somewhere between 2 and 2.5 times depending on how the company performs.
Brian Roberts: We do as customers are leaving, ask them why they are leaving and where they are going to. I think most of the customers who were leaving, clearly satellite are biggest competitor right now and that's a factor. I think in terms of why as Steve referred to in his comments, you had GTV and things are relatively low priced, single play video customers are seeking, they are very price sensitive and generally churned at a higher rate and I think as a whole as how we approach the business. We are not going to chase volume, we are going to remain very targeted and disciplined and how we approach the business. I think the manifestation of that is the fact that both churn and bad debt were equal to or better than last year in Q2.
Stephen Burke: I think our wireless strategy is focused on extending our services. The first is the build out, the high speed next gen wireless network. The second is the wireless strategy is the Wi-Fi component where we're travelling on a targeted basis. And the final piece is wireless apps. So we've made very good progress on that and as I mentioned earlier with the clear trial, we're still rolling out new markets and I think we're seeing progress on those fronts.
Stephen Burke: I think you'd have to ask NBC but looking at our advertising business there is anything but a slowdown.
Stephen Burke: Hi Mike. Concerning DOCSIS 3, clearly we feel our product competes very well versus DSL and I think we're seeing some of that in the marketplace. So I think you're observation is what we're seeing as well. With regards to business services I think there are a lot of opportunities that we're seeing great growth in both small and medium business. Now we're going after mid market as well as backhaul and Metro E. So we great growth opportunity going forward in that business and the team has been executing very well on that front.
