Neil Smit: Hi John, it's Neil. I think there are a few factors. Let me break them down. The first was the economic situation that Mike referred to. We're seeing fewer occupied housing units and the unemployment is still a factor. The second is the digital transition and the promotional roll off. 42% of the customers we lost were basic customers. The digital transitions, the peers could be mostly behind us. And the third reason is the rate increases we took. So this year we took rate increases over the last six months. So Q2 and Q3 and about our 75% of our footprint versus about 3% last year. From a over the top impact we've -- now all our active surveys have seen almost no impact. We have seen the customers who are disconnecting and not going to a competitor that small number of customers appear to be going over the air much more than any over the top impact. The competitive situation really hasn't changed much. We have seen year-over-year a build out of the our box so AT&T about 2.2 million home build out. We haven't seen a significant increase in that competitive factor. The DSL players appear to be playing more on rate but we are very pleased with our HSD numbers. We once again gain shares as we put on more HSD subs and Verizon and AT&T combined. We are pleased with that number; our HSD ARPU is up 4.9% we are pleased with that number. I think there is some real positive news in the quarter. If you look at year-over-year customer trending so net adds per month, every month of the quarter improved. So August was better and July, September was better and August and we are seeing that positive trend continue into October. The other piece of positive news is we are really pleased with our advance services. So we sold about 228 more advance service customers about 500k more HD and HD DVR, cut the boxes. Our revenue for advance services was up 11%, so we are seeing some positive trends. I think net, we are to keep focusing on the quality of our customers as I said on last call we are not going to chase volume. We're going to keep looking at customer service and focusing on the customer experience and improving the value of our service.
Neil Smit: No I think it was just marketing spend, we were more active in the market place, we weren't overly discounting as I said before. I don't believe in overly discounting the product but more looking at the value of the services we are offering. So as Brian mentioned we launched Xfinity TV, we have launched in the affiliate market to see how that breaks out. We have increased our XFINITY products to more VOD so I am a big believer in not overly discounting but increasing the value of our service.
Neil Smit: Hi Craig, it's Neil. I think right now we feel comfortable A, with our caps. We got 250 gig caps. The average consumption, the median usage is about two to four gigabytes. So we feel very comfortable with where we are. That being said we rolled out DOCSIS 3.0 -- its about 83% of our footprint -- to increase our ability to offer higher speeds and the -- I think with Netflix I did read the same report that about 20% of prime time usage appears to be streaming. We'll continue to monitor that. We feel good about where we are and that all digital initiative we have frees up more bandwidth. We're looking at -- I should say recapturing even more bandwidth as we go to D1 or basic digitization in some of our markets. So we're very -- we feel very good about our bandwidth situation. We'll continue to monitor it. We do have meters in place. So consumers can see how much they are consuming. We feel that's a useful consumer service and we'll continue to monitor it as things progress. But it's a very small percentage of the population consuming that was large percentages of bandwidth. We are supporters of TV everywhere and we will continue to work on that as we said in our Xfinity TV launch.
Neil Smit: Why don't I actually take the first question, Jessica I don't think we are going to provide anymore data related to where we are seeing trends. I think we feel pretty good about how we are performing. So I think we will just leave at that, we really wanted to address I know some of the concern related to primarily basic video. So, let me just push it over to Steve.
Neil Smit: Hi Jason. It's Neil. I think programming costs will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter -- year-to-year based on the terms of the deal and deals that are renewing at that time. So I don't think I'd read too much into that. They were up about 5% in the third and year-to-date. I think we're getting more value out of our programming relationships in terms of BOD and online availability of contents and I think from a margin perspective -- I think there were -- the programming costs were not able to increase our video rates at the rate that the programming costs are going up and I think that's a trend that will probably continue. On the margin side we're focusing on both effectiveness and efficiency. So you saw customer service -- improvement in costs year-over-year and I think that's due to efficiency. We're managing our operations from a call center prospective a little bit more efficiently while improving service levels and I think we're going to try and manage the business so that we can try and hold margins but I think that will fluctuate and time will tell.
Neil Smit: I think the pricing strategy will fluctuate based on market conditions. I don't think there -- I believe that we have a fixed strategy. We respond to market conditions from a bundling perspective. As we've seen the triple play continues to offer more value to customers and we continue to increase the percentage of triple play customers. We do see an HSD only package to customers who want that and we'll -- if that continues so well we will continue to respond to market conditions in that regard.
Neil Smit: We feel very confident that we can secure a lot of content because we had this experience when we did free video on demand six or seven years ago. The concept didn't really even exist. We had to sit down with the content companies and talk about why we thought it was a good idea. It started a little slow in the beginning but at a certain point it really took shape and then took off and we think the same thing will happen with TV everywhere and one of the nice things about the NBC Universal deal is it will allow us to sort of speed that process up a little bit. But ultimately, this will be good for our customers because they are paying for these products on one device and we'd like to give these products to them on more devices at more different times.
Neil Smit: Yeah, a few thoughts. One is our HSD ARPU we were pleased with but most of that was due to customers taking higher speeds. So ass Brian mentioned, we rolled out 50 Meg servers to about 40 million homes and 105 Meg to about 25 million homes. So we are continuing to offer higher speed to customers and that is really what's driving the ARPU. So, over 20% of our customer subscribed to the higher speed tiers that are black level which is 8 Meg and above. So that's what's driving the speeds. Rate adjustments were a factor, but I would say that will continue to monitor and the rate and volume and manage that as the economy evolves. I think you are right in terms of the potential opportunity as if over the top and there comes to into been and there is more consumption of online video, we feel very good about our capacity that's one of the reasons we have invested so heavily in DOCSIS 3.0. We feel that big pipe into the house is important and we will continue to investment in speed increases like that, like DOCSIS 3.0. We think it's an important component and the consumers continue to consume more bandwidth.
Neil Smit: Yeah I think that I agree with Brian, the set-top box will be around for a while simply because we feel very focused – we feel it's very important to manage the rights of that content and the set-top box and something that enables that. That being said as deploy technologies such as EBIF, it enables different thing. Such there are remote iPad that Brian showed at the NCTA National Show so we can work more on the user interface and excess access to that content and we can work more across platforms as Steve referred to, whether it's the television, the DVR, VOD; we can have a consisting user interface and I think that's a real important development in the overall customer experience. Net, net we're probably more exited about our road map of innovation because of the trends its occurring and ultimately one could say there will be less and less boxes perhaps needed over time but I don't think it's a binary event that's going to happen anytime soon.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thanks so much just one quick follow up on that video side. Neil, any sense of how much of 3Q was due to growth adds versus churns just so we could try to parse out some of those drivers that you were talking about and then I got a question for Brian.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: So it was improving at a marketing spend, not a greater promotional or discounting or retention effort then is what you are saying.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thanks Neil. So, Brian when you announced NBCU a year so ago, you emphasis the risk of worse nature of the JV structure, cable network advertising has to be better than anyone budgeted and that bodes well for NBC's results and value and the financing markets have been remarkable. So, the question is it time to move up the risk curve consider accelerating the purchase of the remaining 50% of NBCU from GE. I understand the mechanisms of the deal but GE might be completing the full transaction faster and if there was ever environment where leveling up might have made sense in this environment. So any thoughts on that would be helpful.
Brian Roberts: I think that both in versus Q1 and Q2 where our churn was really generally trended very good, we saw a slight uptick ensure in Q3. However, I think the good news is we identified some of the cause of that which was the step up off of our promotional role off. So, there was a pretty significant step in pricing and now we are handling that in a much more effective manner. I think the very good news was as we increased our marketing spend throughout the quarter. We saw a positive connect trend, so the customer base was responding to our offers and we were pleased with that.
Brian Roberts: Well this is Brian, I think even Netflix on their own call felt that they were more complimentary than anything else to the existing market place. Also we think we are seeing an expansion on usage as you can use more devices. So, our on-demand usage continues to be quite large and growing and we are adding content agreed and are a great user interface. That is now something as you could use in articles today in paper something a lot of people are working on. As new devises come out we're very exited about for instance the -- as I mentioned earlier the iPad gives us a chance to now start from scratch with the user interface that is using web technology, not cable box technology. We also have better and newer boxes coming out and we have new guides to replace old guides. So there is an awful lot happening but I think with a new series of devices that allow people to consume more. You are seeing actual usage go up and you are seeing more people in this space and that's just the reality and part of that is great for our broadband business, part of it increases our innovation speed and part of it establishes relationships that are new for the consumer like in Netflix and all that is in the market but net, net I think there is -- we're in a wonderful position to grow and that's what I think we're focused on and hopefully we'll integrate well with others as they enter the marketplace because that's something our consumers want. That's what Neil's talking about with the end to end consumer experience.
Brian Roberts: I think we have consistently said that we witnessed new transaction. We can hopefully play a constructive role and any new thinking that has to take place around this space and so this doesn't really change anything because I think the anticipation of these disputes we are having same one in the market place today but at this point by being a cable operator and a broadcaster perhaps we can foster ideas that will not have the consumer to be taught in the middle there. So, we will just have to take one step at a time but we think there is an opportunity to play a constructive role.
Brian Roberts: I think for Xfinity TV and TV everywhere we are at the beginning of that in my opinion not anywhere near the end. Ultimately, when we lay down our initial vision, which we called project Infinity a couple of years ago at CES, as a technical matter where you would like to get to is have a architecture and a capability that any piece of content could be accessed by the consumer on any device at any time and then its up to the content rights holder to determine whether they want to sell it at all, at that moment, in different windows. All the things you said -- they get advertising support and have an additional charge for it were any other model and that the technology that our industry can bring or Comcast can perhaps lead with is things like the CCDN and with the architecture of our VOD infrastructure coupled with the WiFi in the home initially focused very much in the home and now new devices like the tablets which I think we're just seeing the very beginning of, the number of people who are going to make tablets and the rapid nature by which the price is going to decline in my opinion will accelerate this architecture to be taken well and used by the consumer. We're just starting. Ultimately it would be wonderful if there was an expectation by the consumers, they would now where the shows are and in what windows. Today you know when a movie comes out you to the theater and so many months later you can buy a DVD and you see it on paid television and etcetera and then On Demand. Its all over the place right now and people are experimenting with different windows and different models and old episodes, new episodes, future episodes and I think until there is enough content that there is an understanding by the consumer, it will be adopted by some but not by all and our job is try to make it simple, ubiquitous and have the technical platform handle the volumes that we hope will ultimately come.
Brian Roberts: Well one of the points we've tried to make -- there is going to be a market and the market is going to have many other people and Comcast involved in that. So whether its cable vision and Fox or other companies and their negotiations, those negotiations are going to have a free market and a set of model. Clearly the broadcasters would like as many eyeballs as possible to their shows and since they're broadcasting into the air, it makes a lot of sense to put a lot of shows on the internet. The what exactly the show -- and exactly what window is up to each content company and again I do believe we can try to help the balance that is going on as the technology enables consumers to do more and content and distribution companies are trying to enable all that to happen in a way that is good for their stakeholders. I think we have an ability to be constructive force and ultimately give consumers more access and more windows on more devices and that's the strategy we're trying to pursue.
Brian Roberts: Well I think on the myriad of rights, I think Steve's answer was right on which is -- and its consistent where these platforms are getting enabled and we're just starting to look at each new device and new window and in the home and potentially out of the home and its -- your right, its complicated. But I think everybody is trying to pull in the same direction because of piracy. You got a looming issue that if you don't there are other ways consumers can get this content. So it's in everyone's interest to come up with authenticated and authentic copies of the content to into the consumer so I think we are very pleased with the announcement this week Xfinity TV has I don't know something like a 150,000 different choices and you are now on devices that have wonderful navigation and search capabilities and these are all very important steps as we now have more devices allow users to play those contents not just at a fixed PC. On wireless my sense is the steps we have taken are couple of different areas, the one that's most intriguing to me at the moment is sort of the last foot. The last foot may want to have some display on a wireless device using WiFi in the home. As you get these tablets, that's what make some things and our ability combined with the EBIS that Neil was just talking about really it gives some unique capabilities to interact from the wireless device right to your set-top for those of you that have a Crestron type remote in your home. High-end consumers have wanted this. Now we are going to be able to bring this to everyone who has a few hundred dollars in a tablet. So, otherwise we continue to monitor the wireless business but I think we are very pleased the way we deal all data businesses and that's really how we looked at wireless.
Brian Roberts: Yeah Brian we continue to roll out markets with the data cards, we have worked with the different pricing models and we found that combined 3G, 4G works well and using it as an add-on service to the triple play seems to improve take rate. So, we will continue to that as well as we are looking at the WiFi I mentioned in Philadelphia and we will monitor how that proceeds.
