Neil Smit: I think X1 was not really a material part of the fourth quarter positive sub numbers. It's a great product. We're rolling it out across the country. As of today, we have it across 100% of the footprint. We're seeing great results, cut-through status. Like the guide more than the other guides video. VDO; metrics are up 25% on views and 20% transactions. Churn is down. So we're really pleased with the results. I think it's going to take a while before we go positive for the year, but we're clearly going to be aggressively rolling out X1 based on the strong double-digit returns we're seeing with it.
Neil Smit: Well, we are focused on our high value customers and we do feel that our role is to continue to add value to our products and suite of services. The X1 platform is a big step forward because you can launch other products off there. For example, we launched EST, electronic sell-through where you can buy a movie off the platform and there was the top selling Fast & Furious and Despicable Me to retail channel for – with the Thanksgiving holiday. So it's a very powerful platform. I think going forward we're very focused on the high value steps. We've step up a differentiated treatment for those subs in the call centers. And what we did during the quarter is the connect volume overall was up but the disconnect volume or its index down, so that's what resulted in the positive subs.
Neil Smit: Well, right now the enterprise, the mid-sized business is about 20% of the overall. It's up from 15% quarter two ago, so it is growing at a faster rate than the small size business. It does require more initial capital per unit per building, if you will, but you get stronger returns over time. We are pleased with the product suite. It’s an accretive business to us and the team, Bill Stamper and team have done a great job just pulling together the organization and focusing on those opportunities. But SME is still the largest percentage of our overall revenue next year.
Neil Smit: Sure. Let me run through a few of the stats. One is we’ve rolled it across the entire footprint. We’ve opened the gate, it used to be just available for Triple Play customers, it’s available for some Double Play customers as well. So we’re rolling it out more aggressively. We’ve already in -- as of the end of the month everyone will be getting the new what we code named X2 guide. So it shows you how quickly you can change a software platform from X1 to X2 is a better user experience and I think if you lay that great improved user experience on top of all the content rights that we have, that Michael refer to and our TV Everywhere rights in and out of Home rights, it’s a very powerful combination. About 65% of the X1 subs rate the excellent guide of superior to their other guide experiences. VOD viewing goes up 25%, VOD transactions were up 20%. More X1 customers want DVR -- and X1 there is a larger percentage of X1 customers who are Triple Play customers. So as you think about it, you're getting a higher ARPU per X1 sub. The rollout is going well, the platform is stable and as a -- another side of momentum building around the X1 platform, Cox recently agreed to partner with us to better understand what elements that the X1 platform might be useful to support their next gen video services across the various platforms. So we'll be working together to explore the opportunity to identify where X1 may be useful in their business.
Neil Smit: Well as you know Craig we’ve been focused on small and mid size and we’re still only 10% to 15% penetrated there and see a lot of opportunity for growth there. On the enterprise side, we’ve been -- we are aware of the space, we are aware of the competition there. I think there will be network implication, there will be organizational implications. But right now we’re focused on small and mid for the time being.
Neil Smit: I think that we should – we have almost 1 million hot spots right now that people are utilizing both in-home and out of home.
Michael Angelakis: One thing I'll just chime in on, Ben, is obviously we're really focused on bundling and you can see the percentage of our Triple Play bundle is continuing to increase by about 400 basis points year-over-year. So that is really adding value to our customer base. And as you move up that bundle from single to double, triple, obviously you have lower churn, which is certainly helpful. So the whole customer lifetime value increases on the Triple Play which is something we are very focused on in terms of how you think through advance services and returns and those kinds of things.
Michael Angelakis: So when you look at capital for 2014 the increase -- there is some increase in business services which Neil said is really terrific returns and we go through them very frequently. And the SME side is great and majority of it is really around the accelerated deployment of X1 which also as I mentioned has great double-digit returns and also has other strategic advantages which are really important. So, commercial services is part of that increase and X1 is a larger part.
Michael Angelakis: To add Doug, one more data point is churn is actually down voluntary churn in our X1 base too. So you plug in all the variables that Neil just mentioned and literally our CLV increases and our IRS well into double-digits.
Michael Angelakis: To be honest in 2013, in 2014 we did absorb OpEx related to X1 in the roll out, but obviously we’ve managed through that. No different than us absorbing OpEx related to XFINITY home or business services expansion in SME. So its us, its part of the business and we’re able to power through that. We kept margin stable in 2013 and our expectation is we will power through that in ’14 and keep margin stable in ’14 as well. So, yes there is some of that.
Michael Angelakis: So I will take the rate increases question. Our rate increases are going to similar to previous years, in the 3% range. We’re rolling amount across the wider footprints than we did last year in the first quarter. So there will more people affected by rate increases. However, we feel good about the overall environment and we’re carrying some good momentum from Q4. So we got our head down and trying to improve. At the end of the day we’re trying to improve the results year-over-year, every quarter and we’ve done it ’11 about -- out in the last 13 quarters.
Michael Angelakis: Yes. Let me just -- 2013 obviously film had a terrific year in terms of performance, in terms of operating cash flow. But there is a little bit later on the production spent in 2013 for the ’14 slate. As we -- and that’s obviously working capital benefit that we had in ’13 related to free cash flow. As we enter ’14, we have a great slate for 2015 that we’re going to more normalize our spend in ’14 and that's going to absorb some cash in ’14, which helps build that ’15 slate. So I think that’s what Brian meant at the conference and I try to articulate on my prepared remarks.
Michael Angelakis: And so, just to clarify, I really look at this as a little bit of a normalization because ’13 was a little bit lower than one would have expected. And I think ’14 is going to be a little bit of a catch year in preparation for ’15.
Michael Angelakis: Okay. On programming costs, listen – number one, that's I think a high class program in terms of subscriber growth which I think you might mention. We are I think pretty diligent in negotiating our programming contracts and I think we're somewhat fortunate in 2013 where we had originally projected as our increasing programming costs, we came in lower, I don't know, 140, 150 basis points. Part of this is timing in terms of when contracts are up; part of it is retransmission consent. Those I can say somewhat are controllable but some not. And then part of it is really in terms of sports and some other areas. So it's a hard question because our goal really is to continue to improve on our subscriber trends and that obviously will have a positive impact in our sort of per subscriber program in costs. And I think Neil addressed that earlier. On M&A, the view really is on international we are a bit underweight. We've mentioned that. It's really our goal to be very educated on a country-by-country basis and see if there are opportunities for us whether it's distribution or content. That really makes sense from a shareholder value perspective. On M&A overall we're going to remain very disciplined. We're going to be – as I mentioned before, we're going to have our strategic filters in place. We'll have our financial filters in place and we're really going to evaluate that. So, it's all about can we get it value enhancing from a shareholder perspective and we want to be very focused, we want to be very educated, we want to make sure we look at everything. I think our shareholder base expects us to do that. But if we're to do anything, it's going to be value creative and that's really the focus right now.
Michael Angelakis: John, I'll go back to the leverage ones. So when we closed NBCUniversal, that was sort of nine, 10 months ago, our leverage popped up to about 2.4 times. And now we ended 2013 at roughly 2.3 times, so it's a modest decrease. It's really our goal, more medium-term goal to bring that leverage down to, as I mentioned, under 2; between 1.5 and 2 but we recognize that's going to take years, and I think that’s really all we can say that, I think we can do several things at once. We can invest for growth like we’re doing NBC and at Comcast cable. We can increase our returns of capital which obviously we announced today. I think we’ll modestly deliver over a number of years.
Brian Roberts: But let me just way in also that the -- there is some good trends happening as we look into multi-year strategy, the cost per home with Whole Home DVR, Cloud DVR and Second Devices as we’ve shown little smaller boxes that can attach to this platform that then allow in home experiences as well as second, third devices for much lower cost than the original X1 box plus the cost of the box itself. All those things are coming down in price and so there is -- we think that the ability to get this to many, many people is going to keep getting more and more economically better, the returns, are only going to improve as we go and so at some point you cross that line that we’re so excited about the initial feedback that they just began to roll out and we are pretty excited.
Brian Roberts: I'll also add, Michael, that we have rolled out the DOCSIS 3 platform, we gone all digital, we’ve rolled out business services and we kept margins during that period relatively stable.
Brian Roberts: The only thing I would just add is that one of the great things about this business for so many years is we find new products to sell using our existing base. Who would have thought of Wi-Fi being as great an add on to your in-home broadband and if we can get to larger businesses who will think of it very differently than they would have five years ago and in whatever cooperative manner than we can do that, it should be a business opportunity down the road right now going from small to medium. It's not even a logical thing to say someday, but it's not on the focus right at this moment.
Brian Roberts: Well, I think we're paying careful attention to the technological innovation and the potential opportunity that it creates. We're hopeful that in the government thoughtfulness as to what to do with spectrum allocation for the country that Wi-Fi is very much top of mind because as I just said, who would have placed a tablet having this kind of explosive growth. Without Wi-Fi I don't think it would have happened. And so it's hard to completely predict it, but we are well positioned and we've added Wi-Fi – I mean I don't want it to be lost into every modem that we now put into people's homes and last year that was…
Brian Roberts: 7 million times that we've installed this capability in people's houses and we intend to do that again this year. So, that may be in some ways the most important thing we've done. So is it an opportunity someday to add Wi-Fi to our network outside of the home? Well, we're doing that in some cities. We're testing different technologies. There are other companies who are also doing that for their own business purposes. And we just, for example, this week announced with the San Francisco 49ers that we're going to do their entire stadium and have new capabilities that they very well expand into your neighborhood and into your commute and patterns and into restaurants as we've already seen in a lot of cities. It's a very interesting area and I think it's synergistic for us and we're keeping tabs of it.
Brian Roberts: Well, I don't actually think of it that way. I think it happens to be a fact and I think compared to many other companies that's a good fact if you're a shareholder because no one has a perfect crystal ball. But the bottom line is we love both businesses and that's what we said for many, many years all the way for me personally back to when I was on Ted Turner's Board. They were starting all these cable channels, they looked like great businesses that didn't make cable a bad business, it's just – it was a new business. And then finally is the synergy between the two companies and I think what you'll see during the Olympics, as a for instance is by understanding both businesses were smarter and maybe just a little better than we would be if we were two separate companies. And with the kind of hopefully culture and chemistry in the company and across the company that proves itself out, whether it's the electronic sell-through that Neil mentioned or what we're going to do with the Olympics in Sochi, both on the XFINITY side and on the NBCUniversal side. And I think we're creating something very, very special. And as an investor, yes, you get the fact that if programming costs are going up or there's a new type of utilization that causes that cost to go up, we're on both sides. We're helping to innovate and make that possible and I like that balance that the company has.
Brian Roberts: Concerning X1 and its impact on other customers or RGUs, we have seen that excellent customers are more likely to upgrade to the Triple Play. We have seen that they are generally – they request DVRs more, they over-index in that category. So I think it will have a positive impact on insurance. We know Triple Play sub churn at a lower level and we think it will have a positive impact on ARPU as well as thereby [ph] upgrade to DVR and buy more VOD. Generally speaking, the product has been very well received by the field and by the customers and I think it will have a positive overall effect on the business.
Brian Roberts: Well there was obviously the court ruling on the Verizon case, and we do not believe that the government is going to maturely order. The approach has taken for many years that would in some ways hinder our business objective going forward. We were a supporter of the internet order when it was originally drafted by the commission, because it was a nice balance between consumer interest and not interfering with network management and engineering decisions. And we are confident and hopeful that they’re going to continue to strike that balance. And so we’re supportive of working with the Chairman and the Commission on trying to find that balance. As I just sum up for the year in this quarter, in my opinion we’re also trying to find a balance between really strong operations, I think both at NBC Universal and at cable we had a really strong year. And in finding opportunity like buying back the 49% stake for $18 billion in cash while still achieving the leverage targets that Michael just talked about and being able to increase the dividend and the buy back program. And I think we’ve done that. We have a great plan for 2014 and thank you all for your support.
