Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Hi, Jessica. This is Neil. I think the top three priorities are: continue to win in Video, rolling out X1 deeper into the base; drive and continue winning in HSD, where we roll out DOCSIS 3.1 and advanced gateways and drive Business Services; continue to rollout hyperbuilds and roll in all three markets, small, medium and enterprise. I think additionally, we're going to continue to focus on customer experience. And we'll roll out the wireless product in the middle of the year.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Ben, concerning X1, we continue to see very positive results consistent with early in the launch. We were at 48% penetration, going to low 60%s next year. I think ultimately, it could be a 75% to 80% penetration. DVR uptake is three times the legacy. Pay-per-view is two times. We get more additional outlets. We get more VOD viewing. So it continues to be an improved impact on retention and higher ARPU. So I think we're going to continue to drive it into the base, and it's continued to perform as well or better than expectations.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Well, hi, Jason. I think that 5G is an exciting evolution in the business. It has some characteristics that require densification of antennas. It propagates over short distances. It doesn't pass through physical objects very well. We're doing some testing right now. We think that it's going need economical space, power and backhaul. We have, call it, 150,000 miles of fiber across 650,000 miles of total plant. And we think that we're well-positioned to participate in the 5G rollout, no matter how it happens, as a result of having all those assets in place already. Concerning the usage, I mean, our HSD usage went from a median of 88 gigabits per month in Q4, and that's up 55% from 57 gigabits during the same period of 2015. And if you look at cellular data usage, it's about 3 gigabits per month average. So there's a lot of capacity in the wired network. We feel comfortable with our position in participating in the overall 5G roll-out.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: I think that's a simple distillation. We're testing and we'll continue to learn. It's early in the roll-out.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: In Business Services, we expect to continue to grow, generate double-digit revenue growth for the next several years by capturing share. It's a $5.5 billion revenue business. We've been growing about three-quarters of a billion dollars per year over the last couple years. We have about 20% share in small, 15% share in medium, and the opportunity in enterprise, we believe, is a $13 billion to $15 billion opportunity in our markets, so we see strong growth across all three segments.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Concerning the Netflix integration, I think it's a tribute to both the flexibility of the platform that we were able to integrate it so smoothly, and a tribute to Tony Werner and the Technology team and the speed with which they got it done. VOD viewing for the fourth quarter was up overall about 18%. And we want to offer more and complementary content to make the viewing experiences as rich and easy to access as possible. So we'll continue to seek other partners and integrate them into the overall experience.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: This is Neil. On cable advertising, we have seen the core a little softer than in the past. Auto, in particular, is a little bit soft, but I think it may just be cyclical. And we are making up some of the difference in advanced advertising. We're seeing strong growth there. And I think we'll continue to build upon that capability going forward.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Concerning the Sling integration, we really were focused on the multicultural content that they had. It's an important segment for us to target, and we think they have great content and will be a good partner to integrate.
Stephen B. Burke: So we've owned NBCUniversal now for almost exactly six years. And during that time, we've had the fastest compounded growth rate of any of the media companies. I still think there's a lot of opportunity, maybe not quite as much opportunity as there was in the early days, but you mentioned a few of the areas. Theme Parks, I think we have a long, long runway. As long as we invest and build more hotel rooms and have creative attractions, we, I think, have a lot of growth ahead of us there. Consumer products you mentioned. We were essentially out of the consumer products business six years ago. And now, that business I think is couple hundred million dollars of OCF and has a long, long runway as we build that out. Telemundo's a great story, where Telemundo was essentially making no money at all. And it now makes a couple hundred million dollars a year. And, as you mentioned, our ratings would suggest in the future, we should make significantly more than that. But we have another dozen things that we're looking at investing in and trying to optimize and grow. And I think the easiest stuff, obviously, you do first, but I think we still have a lot of opportunity to continue to grow the company.
Stephen B. Burke: So we like the broadcast business. We think we're doing well in it. And recently, took an affiliation back from an affiliate in Boston and launched a station there, which we now own as of January 1 at essentially no cost. We had some start-up costs, but that, to me, was a wonderful way to increase our footprint. I don't think there's a necessity to increase our footprint, but I think if the caps get changed, we would certainly look at it and do what's right for the company.
Stephen B. Burke: So just to add to what Neil said about local cable advertising, the national advertising market is very strong. And it's been very strong now for a while. We had such a good upfront last year. One would have assumed that scatter might slow down. That often happens. That has not happened this time. And all of the indications, options, cancellations, the type of shows people want to get into, suggest to me that we have a good shot of having another very strong upfront nationally. In terms of theme parks, all the bookings and advance indications for Florida and for California remain strong, quite strong. I think we're going to have a very big year in Orlando. We're opening, I believe, the world's best water park in the spring, and an attraction based on The Tonight Show, and that'll get a lot of publicity and a lot of attention. And hotels are 90% occupancy. Bookings look great and we got great new attractions. So my bet is that we're going to have a very strong year in both Orlando and in California. And then, Japan, we own 51% of Osaka. Japan has a Despicable Me attraction going in, and their attendance trends are good. So I think all green lights, as far as I can see, in the theme park business.
Brian L. Roberts: Before Mike jumps in, let me just add to that. If you look at our Video ARPU and combine that with the fact that we had the best Video year in 10 years, and half our base now is X1, it's pretty exciting to get the other half, however far it can ultimately go with that product. The product itself didn't remain static. The Netflix integration, just to name one, was a great achievement during the year. What we did during the Olympics was really special and, of course, voice, the amount of utterances. The last thing is the team is really focused on reliability of X1, hardening the system. And I've seen a number of charts of sort of customers who've had it now for a couple years and what their churn and their reliability and their usage – and every way you study this thing, it looks like a fantastic product, game-changing product, and I think the results continue to encourage us to keep going.
Brian L. Roberts: Well, I think what we've said was pretty clear. But just to go a little deeper into that now is I believe that we'll find out. But we're hoping that it's an end state strategy and that it's sustainable. And the goal of the business is to have better bundling with some of our customers who want to save some of their bill and get a world-class product and take a bundle and have lower churn. And if you can achieve that, we'll see. The economics really work. And that's the goal. And there's only one way to find out and it's to get started. And we're going to take it very carefully. And Neil's doing a great job getting us organized.
Brian L. Roberts: I'm going to stop there and say stay tuned. And we'll clarify things. But we're putting together – we have a good relationship, we believe, and we're excited to get it launched. We'll learn a lot as we go. One example is the way X1 worked. We crawled, walked, ran, and we knew for sure that we had a really special thing before we really hit the pedal. And that allowed us to answer the previous question with a lot of confidence as we have a world-class product. And we think we have the piece parts, but we'll find out together and we'll be very transparent as we go.
Brian L. Roberts: I'm not going to add any color to our statement that we're going to launch something by the first half of the year, and we'll have more to say and we'll let you know when we're ready. We're not ready today to answer that.
Brian L. Roberts: Okay. Well, thanks for the question. I think regulatory certainty for investors is the same as it is for management. It helps you have the confidence to make long-term plans. And the kind of discussion we've been having this morning, whether it's fiber or other investments in in-home equipment, and what your business opportunities are, the more uncertainty, the less encouraging it is to want to invest. So we're encouraged by the prospect of rules that we believe will encourage that investment, stimulate investment, whether that's tax decreases or revisiting the authority of the government to go to places that they said they weren't going to, but legally they could go to in the Open Internet Order with Title II. So we're looking forward to working with the new administration and the new regulatory leaders to try to frame something that's good for consumers, and it gives a stable platform that we can invest in and I think should allow us to accelerate both business opportunities and if there are things such as tax return, then revisit it where all that opportunity lies and how much gets returned to shareholders and invested in new opportunities. So we're encouraged and stay tuned.
Brian L. Roberts: I think that's a good assessment. We've made investments on taking noise out of the system, reducing the calls, focusing the truck rolls, getting it right the first time, being on time and all those things, the move experience, the onboarding experience, we're very focused on. And the teams have done a great job, led by Dave Watson, in driving, as I said, some of the noise out of the system. And I think, ultimately, this will reflect itself in better profitability as we take unnecessary costs out of the system, and we retain customers for a longer period as a result.
Michael J. Cavanagh: Ben, it's Mike. So on free cash flow in 2016, the decline was for the reasons we talked about on this call a year ago. It was a year where we had, in particular, a drag on working capital given the Olympics. But as you look at 2017, based on everything we've said earlier on this call, the operating results and momentum in both of the operating businesses, as well as a plan for good investments in the businesses, net of all that is we expect to grow free cash flow in 2017. Beyond that, I would say it's our expectation to be growing free cash flow over the long term, though one year to the next, we'll have some variability based upon some of the investments and, obviously, some of the business cycles, but we do focus on it. It's a big, important factor as we're running the company. It's not the only thing we look at, though. So hopefully, that covers it for you.
Michael J. Cavanagh: So it's Mike. So just on handsets, I made the point earlier that the whole thing in wireless is going be success-based, so I would wrap the comments on free cash flow for 2017 in what I said earlier. We expect to grow inclusive of everything and more to come later when we actually come back to talk about the wireless launch.
Michael J. Cavanagh: And, Marci, it's Mike. On capital return, it is an annual exercise. We take it seriously this time of the year and give what we think is the right guidance for what we'll do in the course of the year, factoring in everything we have a point of view on, obviously. So that would include everything, but, in this case, corporate tax reform. Corporate tax reform, we're in a wait and see mode. We're big supporters of the idea of corporate tax reform. We think it would be good for the U.S. economy, but none of our capital plans, none of what I've described today are counting on any particular changes in corporate tax. When all that is done, we'll do a holistic review of what it all means and come back and report. That may well be in this call next year. But if it happens really early in the year, we'll see.
Michael J. Cavanagh: Thanks, Anthony, for the question. It's Mike. So on the first point, I'll just maybe restate some of what we said earlier which is that, yes, programming costs are high in 2017 for the reasons we described, which is big renewals happening in the second half of 2016 and early – with effective the beginning of 2017 and that rate comes down in the years that follow 2017 to something that looks more normal. I'd say the overarching and important point is all the work that Neil and team have been doing on non-programming costs. So you saw it in 2016, where when programming costs were also higher than the normal long-term rates, great work to protect the margin of the overall business. And the guidance we gave for margin is that it'll be flat again to down 50 basis points in 2017. So, obviously, all the growth and initiatives that Neil has working to drive the top line will push through that margin. And I'll leave it to you to kind of model that out.
