Brian Roberts: Thanks, Marlene, and good morning everyone. I’m really pleased with this quarters results particularly the outstanding growth in high speed internet and a strong performance across NBC Universal’s businesses, leading us to having a very solid second quarter with revenue growth of 7%, cash flow growth of more than 8% and record second quarter free cash flow of nearly $2 billion. Michael will discuss these results in more detail. Let me start by providing some highlights. Cable had another strong quarter with revenue and cash flow growth of nearly 6% and high speed internet business services and video continuing to power our growth. Business services has impressive organic momentum with the highest growth rate of all our businesses at 26%. We once again improved our year-over-year customer performance. We added an 189,000 combined video, voice, internet customers, which is a 37% increase from last year’s second quarter. High speed internet led the way with 20% growth or 187,000 net additions. This was our highest level of high speed internet performance in net ads in the second quarter in the last five years. Our voice business also had another strong quarter with a 161,000 net additions and consistent with our goal of ongoing improvement in video, we reduced video losses by nearly 17,000 year-over-year. So helping to drive these results is our innovation which is delivering increasing differentiated and better services. In the last six months, we substantially increased the speeds of our high speed Internet service for nearly 14 million customers or 70% of our base. And in the last year, we've increased service speeds across our entire footprint. We also continued to expand the availability of Wi-Fi which is at the center of our strategy to offer our customers the fastest online experience across devices both inside and out of the home. We have now installed more than 4 million wireless gateways and increased our Wi-Fi coverage to 250,000 hotspots through both our cable partnership and our home hotspot initiative. In video we have launched X1, our new cloud-enabled platform to more than half of our footprint and we're on track to have X1 available nationwide by yearend. Many of you have seen our demonstration of X2 and we will have this enhanced user interface in the market by yearend. X2 illustrates how quickly we can now upgrade via software to provide a brand new experience to our customers on the same X1 hardware and platform. All-in-all, cable's having a great first half of the year and Neil Smit and his team continue to execute really well. Let me now switch to NBCUniversal where we also have strong momentum. In the second quarter, every one of the NBCUniversal businesses contributed to revenue growth of nearly 9% and operating cash flow growth of 21%. Our Cable Networks drove strong cash flow performance in the second quarter. And we also benefited from steady progress at the theme park and in broadcast as expected. We saw strengthening results from our cable entertainment networks particularly at USA and Bravo as well as strong sports performance from NBC's sports network which enjoyed its most watched NHL Playoffs in record and golf channel which recorded its most watched second quarter ever. Just last week, we announced the 10-year agreement that will bring NASCAR to our broadcasting cable properties beginning in 2015. The quantity and quality of content in this deal is a really significant step for the NBC's sports group. In film, our focus is to continue to build franchises and we've had some ups and downs but we've had two big successes with Fast 6 in the second quarter and more recently with Despicable Me 2 from Chris Meledandri and a talented team at Illumination. This is our first full quarter of ownership of all of NBCUniversal, and given the strong performance and market conditions that we had at the time we made our decision, I feel really great about the timing and structure of the purchase of the 49% interest. So the entire company is executing really well in our many different businesses. And with such a strong quarter and a great first half of the year, it makes us optimistic about our fantastic combination of businesses that have so many growth opportunities ahead. Let me now pass to Michael to cover the second quarter results in detail.
Brian Roberts: Okay, why don't I take that question? Morning, Jessica. I mean with regards to M&A, I think you can tell by the results we have just posted, we are really focused on executing our business plan and we really think there is a lot of organic growth opportunities in the business. That being said, we always want to look at everything, we want to be educated, we really want to spend time internationally. We have about $4.5 billion of our roughly $65 billion revenue base in international, so we're bit underweight and every country is very different and certainly relates to NBCUniversal and some of their business. So I would say number one, we're really focused on just running the business and executing our plan. Number two, we remain very disciplined and we have these strategic and financial filters that we utilize for all M&A. And number three, we want to make sure we're very well educated on what the market is in those kinds of items. So I think that sort of summarizes how we view M&A both domestically and internationally.
Brian Roberts: I don't think there really is. There's been a number of rulemakings that have been knocked down, but obviously that's a gray area.
Brian Roberts: So just to define it, entitlement gap is what we call a gap between the true performance of our cable channels and broadcast network and what our CPMs are relative to other like channels and what our affiliate fees our. On the affiliate fees side, we've reset about 25% of our affiliate deals in the last year or so and made good progress, but the other 75% will occur in the years to come and we think there's clearly a gap in terms of what we deserve to be paid and what we are paid based on where the marketplace is. On the advertising side, we have the same kind of gap and the same kind of opportunity. In some instances there are cable channels and broadcast channels that get over 20% more than we do on a CPM basis. And I think over time we'll have the opportunity to eliminate that gap or start to chip away at that gap. We just finished the upfront and we made good progress toward eliminating that gap both from the broadcast side and on the cable side. On the broadcast side, net of the Olympics, we sold about 13% more that we sold last year. Our ratings in CPM performance on the NBC side were the best we've had in about nine years and we made up relative performance versus our other competitors. On the cable side, we also had good results. Our cable CPMs were up in the 7% to 8% range. USA and Bravo did very well. And one of the ways that we accomplished this was we sold all of our properties together, which for a company like ours with so many different television properties, allowed us to go into the market with a one-stop shop being sort of the full integrated approach and we think that worked. So, we're chipping away at the entitlement gap. We think it's a big opportunity for the company. It's not something that we're going to get in the quarter or even a year, but I think over the next two, three, four years you'll see real progress there.
Brian Roberts: Let me just add, I don't want to be redundant but I think Neil's point on the 1 million extra homes from RBOC competition does make the results even more impressive in my opinion. And we've all seen an overbuild but that first year is the hardest year, and so anytime you have a lot of new homes, so be it and you have to deal with that in certain markets. That's part of the motive for rolling out X1 faster, but the real part of the motive for rolling out X1 faster is it is so well received and the ability to be more flexible. So your question is a great question that we don't have a perfect answer on right this minute which is, is there a way to get a version of it to more customers faster and we're looking at a whole lot of ideas around that question all the time and we'll probably experiment with a few. And so stay tuned, but we’re all in all it’s a high class opportunity that we’re very pleased with the development. Right now the plan is steady as she goes, but it’s a good question.
Brian Roberts: Regarding Fox Sports 1, I don't think it changes the playing field for NBC Sports too much one way or the other. We've always had a lot of competition for rights between ESPN and Fox and Turner and others. A lot of people have been in the sports business competing with rights with us for a long time. I do think things look very good for both NBC Sports on the network and the NBC Sports network, partly because we recently won the rights to NASCAR. And we look at NASCAR as being a very, very important thing for the NBC Sports network and the network itself, because it basically gives us 20 weekends a year at a time when the NHL was not playing. So now we have year round professional sports very highly rated and that was a big win for the NBC Sports network. But I don't really think Fox Sports 1 plays into that too much. It's always been competitive, it always will be, and we think we have a unique way of looking at sports and a real place in the marketplace.
Brian Roberts: …which is that the more the consumer desires speed, the better that is for our company in my opinion and that that we have myriad solutions as Neil just outlined. We can take more of the video bandwidth and apply it to digital and apply it to broadband. There's a lot of ways to go. That's what makes DOCSIS 3.1 a promising technology. At the cable convention, we demonstrated 3 gigabits of speed with over an existing plan. There's a lot of good things. So really that innovation will power more applications which will power more demand and I think that that will create more differentiation between us and any competitor. So it's where we'd like to see the world go.
Brian Roberts: So the way the Legendary deal will work and it will take a while to get moving is, Legendary is going to make some of their own films. They love large films dedicated to what they call the fanboy audience but very large films. And no, they will contribute capital and production resources and creative expertise into making those films. We will co-finance some of those films. And then in addition, Legendary will co-finance some of our films. When we look at our overall film strategy, we think it's a very important element of our strategy going forward. We have Illumination for animated films, couldn't be happier with that, Despicable Me 2 is going to end up being the single most profitable film in the 100-year history of Universal Studios, so we love Illumination. And then on the big film side, the riskiest and in some ways hardest part of the business right now we'll have a partner in Legendary that has a real passion for that. And then Universal will concentrate on everything else. So we think we now have a very coherent strategy. We're really excited it was a competitive auction to see who would end up with the Legendary film relationship and we won that auction. And we're pleased to have that business on a going forward basis.
Brian Roberts: Most of the growth is coming from new customer acquisitions. However, we are introducing products to get up-sell products to our existing customers, such as for example we go out and buy – resell arrangements with software providers for services like financial management to our payroll and whatnot and these small businesses who aren't accustomed to going out and finding those solutions can get an entire package from us and we can offer them those at a discounted rate. So we are now beginning to focus on up-selling existing customers but the growth to-date has been from new customers.
Neil Smit: Hi, Jason. It's Neil. On the video and broadband side, I'd say that there was no unique promotional activity this quarter that would have driven the performance in the sub numbers. I think on the video side, we're putting out a great product and the X1 product is out over half our footprint right now. We reduced losses by 17k, so we're executing well. The channel performance has been strong in the online channel. So I think it's just a combination of execution on the channel side as well as just getting better product out there that's helping on the video front. With HSV we've done speed upgrades in the first half of the year. We have about 14 million customers, that's 70% of our footprint. We did speed upgrades. We're putting out the new fastest gateways to have the fastest Wi-Fi in the household. So I think our product is fundamentally a better product and I think customers are recognizing that. With regards to the programming side, yes our costs were below what we expected. We had an NHL rebate and some delays in channel launches or network launches. However, we do expect double digit increases in the out half of the year and we expect to come in on the year at about 10%. The costs are driven by sports programming, retrans and getting more rights across more platforms which we're able to leverage into more value and a better value proposition for the customer.
Neil Smit: I'll take the questions in a reverse order, Doug. We did see year-over-year about a 200 basis point increase in RBOC mostly by AT&T. That's about 1 million subs, so we think our performance given that is we're very pleased with our performance in reducing video losses and I think it comes out to execution. With regards to X1 and X2, we've got X1 out about – across 53% of our market. We're launching in foreign markets every day, this week seven new markets and the customer response has been very favorable. VOD views are up about 20%. 55% of the people react very favorably to this product over existing guys, premiums are up. It's too early to tell on churn yet but I think there might be some favorable trends there. We'd like to accelerate – we're going to rollout X2 and it kind of shows a benefit of having everything up in the cloud. We're getting X1 across the country of course this year and X2 will already be coming in before the end of the year. So I think that really demonstrates the flexibility and nimbleness of having the platform structured the way it is.
Neil Smit: With regards to the Wi-Fi question, as I mentioned we continued to build up the network. All these gateways we're putting in the households now are holding hotspots as well, they have dual SSIDs and we're doing that with small business as well, so the network is getting denser as we continue to build out the gateway and the wireless gateways. With regards to wireless service, as you know we have an MVNO agreement with Verizon Wireless but we have at this point no plans to build out a wireless network.
Neil Smit: With regard to usage and capacity, we feel the network is flexible and has plenty of opportunity to grow in capacity whether it's through extending fiber deeper into the network which we do with our business services product, the Metro E product or whether it's splitting nodes or new technologies such as DOCSIS 3.1 which will be coming in over the next few years. So we feel very good about the future growth capacity of the network. With regards to midsized business, we have great products out there. We have Metro E. We have a hosted voice solution. We have a video product. We just upped our speeds and they were received very well by the customers. So we feel like our product set is very strong and we keep innovating on that front. And I think there's a lot of upside room for growth in the midsized business.
Steve Burke: Every single one of our projects has a IRR and we’ve a hurdle and we always look at that and analyze that before we spend the money we do believe the theme park business is a great business that we’ve a very talented team both from the operations and the creative side and that investments they’re going to pay off. If you look at just Florida, when we open Harry Potter, the first Harry Potter, our attendance went up over 40% and we’re opening a secondary Potter just as a – by way of example next year fantastic attraction going to be connected to the first one in a very innovative way, very creative and that project like every other project goes through rigorous financial model. I happen to believe that on these projects for the foreseeable future, we’re going to beat our IRR substantially because we’re starting to get some real critical path – critical mass and here is a little bit of an add on effect. But we look at it all, and wouldn’t be making the investments if we didn’t think they clear our hurdle rates.
Steve Burke: And on the competition front, we’re seeing AT&T and Verizon advertise more their services. We feel we’re only about 10% penetrated and we’ve got lot of room for growth there.
Steve Burke: I think 37% penetration in broadband we still see a lot of room for growth. There is still significant DSL market out there and we feel we’ve got fundamentally a better product. We continue to invest – behind the network and in both capacity and speed as well as in the Wi-Fi gateways that we’re putting out now that have a just better throughput and better capacity. On the Wi-Fi side, we look at in two forms. One is the household Wi-Fi. I mean, people are hanging more devices off their Wi-Fi, routers everyday and our new Wi-Fi gateways will put through 250 megabit versus the previous versions at 80. So we can use lot more capacity for more devices and we see that as a fundamental proposition to the customer. We are also building out Wi-Fi on the metro side and we’ve about 250,000 access points, both our own as well as with the cable alliance. And people are using it more and more with the usage going up, unique usage going up, and it’s a real value proposition on the data side that the customers will continue investing behind Wi-Fi growth.
Michael Angelakis: Let me just pile on a little bit. Obviously, these things go through pretty rigorous analysis, but also the team has done a fabulous job when you look at Harry Potter, King Kong, Transformers, some of the more recent projects, they’ve clearly exceeded our return threshold, both on attendance and on per capita spend. So, the theme parks really have some momentum and we’re going to continue to invest in those project areas where we think the IRRs are really attractive.
Michael Angelakis: I would just add also, I think we made this point in the last quarter that last year and this year we reclassified about a $165 million -- $160 million of revenue, which was really sort of hotels and bars and some commercial. That’s not growing very fast. So, if you really at the core business services, which is the one Neil is talking about you’ve to add about 200 basis points in growth. So, really for the quarter grew about 28% plus, which listen the business is doing well comparatively to executing and we’re investing behind it. So, on an apples-to-apples basis, I’d say that we’re looking at high 20s in terms of comparisons.
Michael Angelakis: So back in NBC in terms of the upfront, the CPM increase is for prime time we’re in the 7% to 8% range and we sold a little bit more, because we have more demand. I think we – overall we feel like we had on a relative basis a good year in terms of ratings and then we were able to get a little bit more of the what we call the entitlement gap.
Michael Angelakis: I just want to add maybe a perspective to that question. I don’t think any of us can perfectly see the future and therefore that I don’t know the answer how far and how long it goes. But one of the things that I think the team here has done incredibly well is we redefined the product from connecting a wire to a PC to bringing your home to be the most enabled way to get that, which is important to you. So for instance, the momentum in tablets, the momentum in content being distributed, the momentum in apps and the innovation around the entire sector and mobile devices, the best way to enjoy all of that is to start by getting our high-speed data product, and that’s because it connects to our home gateways and to Wi-Fi and all the things Neil just talked about. And that’s why I think we want to – as we set our site to just be the best platform for a consumer and starts with getting one of or products for taking our bundle. And I think that’s why we’re seeing better growth each year and as you say 37% in that regard doesn’t sound like a number we can’t continue to grow off of.
Michael Angelakis: Hi, it's Michael Marci, how are you? Why don’t I take the long-term CapEx question; really we don’t – I think you know – provide any guidance beyond sort of the first year. I would say with regards to this year we increased capital a bit more than last year. The majority of that additional capital was for, what I would think is really exciting projects whether it's the launch of X1 in sort of further deployment of that of XFINITY Home or business services or the wireless gateways we just talked about. All of those projects have really attractive returns for our Company. So we’re delighted to invest in them, we think that they’re sort of adding customer lifetime value to our customer base. As we look at ’14 I think it's a bit too early but we still have some of the same opportunities ahead of us and one of the other folks asked earlier about X1 and X2 and we’re going to continue to push broadband and continue to push wireless gateways. So I don’t have a crystal ball of '14 in future years but we have a number of organic opportunities ahead of us that we think are very attractive.
Michael Angelakis: Why don't I obviously take the balance sheet question? I think the answer, Craig, is no. I think we've obviously given substantial thought and consideration to our balance sheet. Given the total amount of debt that we have which is approximately $48 billion, we feel that we're very comfortable in the range that we've set which is 1.5 to 2 times. I think that we really prefer to have a bit of conservatism in our balance that provides appropriate flexibility and obviously we've given this a tremendous amount of thought and are pleased with where we're going right now.
