Neil Smit: Hi Jess, it’s Neil. I think Wi-Fi, we’ve rolled out 8.3 million devices. We view it as a very important asset, both as an extension to our data product as well as the ability to launch new products like XFINITY Home. I think the Time Warner merger would extend the network further and the Wi-Fi network build out. We see about 75% to 80% of mobile data consumption happening on Wi-Fi in the home and in the office. So I think we view it as a very positive important asset and we’ll continue to put in hotspots as we go forward.
Neil Smit: No, I think that’s exactly right. We’re focused on building out a network and adding value to the HSD product right now, while there has been some speculation on the combined Wi-Fi MVNO. We’re focused on just building up the network right now and providing a great experience for the customers.
Neil Smit: Hi Phil, it’s Neil. We did take lower rate increases in video this year overall than last year. We looked at the market and adjusted as we felt was appropriate. We target different segments with different price offers. I don’t think the pricing is necessarily topped out as you say. I think it depends on the segment. It depends on the value the service we’re offering. What we’re really focused on is driving out X1. We’ve seen great results with the product as we’ve gone into market and it’s performing very well as Brian said, churns down 20% to 30%. The video numbers were driven by more upgrades and fewer disconnects this quarter and we feel pretty good about the video results we’re achieving right now.
Neil Smit: Yes, as Brian also mentioned, we’re selling 15,000 to 20,000 X1 boxes a day right now. And so that rate had doubled what it was six months ago. So it is accelerating, and I think that there will be some catch up in CapEx over the coming quarters.
Neil Smit: So Craig, I’ll cover the X1 product. I think what you maybe referring to is the slave devices that act off of the main gateway. You still need an IP set-top box in the house such as the X1. And then you can run lower cost hardware off of that in terms of the additional outlets. The X1, what’s great about the product right now as we’ve learned as we’ve rolled out the new X2 interface, we can adjust on the fly and launch new products like EFT [ph]. But generally speaking, you need the master device in order to get the lower cost additional outlets.
Neil Smit: We have some backward compatibility. It’s primarily with the advanced set-top boxes that we’ll be rolling out overtime. We currently in our solutions rollout the X1 box and its additional outlets, the advanced set-top boxes, but there will be some backward compatibility overtime.
Neil Smit: Concerning rate increases Ben, we decided to take lower rate increases this quarter as we evaluated the market. I wouldn’t read any trends into it. We took rate increases across the smaller percentage of our footprint this quarter than last year as well, but we target different offers to different customers and I don’t think we’re seeing it topping out. In the competitive arena, the offers are in the same ballpark, the promo prices go up and down, but the destination pricing is fairly similar across these various competitors.
Neil Smit: This is Neil. Concerning the Netflix opportunity to get on X1, we’ve launched a lot of apps. We have Pandora and Facebook and Twitter and we have a number of partnerships. And where there is real win-win relationship and a win for the consumer, we’re certainly open to the possibilities. I think that a number of the apps are getting a lot of use. We launched the Olympics app with Sochi and that got a lot of use and we’re going to continue to integrate more functionality into the X1 experience to make it more personalized for the viewer.
Neil Smit: This is Neil. Vijay, with regards to Internet Plus product, it’s been a very successful product in targeting millennials. It’s a good margin product. And we will continue to use it to target that audience, but we’re overall pleased with the results there.
Neil Smit: This is Neil. Concerning the X1 product, I think the revenue comes in a number of forms. One is the X1 customers are more likely to take Triple Play. Two is we’re driving more VOD revenue. Three is, we’re monetizing better from an overall advertising perspective because they’re spending more time watching on-demand where we have the C3 window, and as well as linear. So you’re seeing a bump in both overall viewing of the product. We’ve launched EFT which has been very successful for us. We’ve been the number one retailer in a number of movies we’ve launched. So those are just the number of things that contribute to the revenue. I think the churn is very important because driving that churn number down that dramatically is going to be a big factor. Concerning the CDN, we’ve invested hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars of building our CDN. It’s a very powerful asset. And I think that as we’ve had people approach us to consider some sort of arrangement to share and we’re open to those conversations.
Michael Angelakis: Thanks Jessica. Let me put a final point on it. So what we said when we announced the Time Warner Cable deal that, when the deal would close we would increase our authorization by $10 billion. Our view was if we had a $7.5 billion authorization at the beginning of the year and as we announce today, say we used $5.5 billion of that due to the original $3 billion, plus the additional $2.5 billion. That would leave about $2.5 billion worth of capability – $2 billion of the capability. We would then when the deal closes, look to increase our authorization by $10 billion, that would be completely separate from any divestiture assets we’re talking about.Jessica Reif Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: That’s right. Okay, thank you. And then if I could still one last thing. And you talked about closing the monetization gap. Could you or Steve, give us an update on what you think the potential upside is there? You seem – I mean your rates have been great. You seem bullish about the upfront. If you could just clarify, what do you think that is now, the gap is now? And then I’m done.
Michael Angelakis: And I’ll take the last question. We actually don’t have a particular timeline in terms of announcing the divestitures. Obviously there is a lot of work to do and this is very complex. So our view is let’s be very methodical about it and get it right from a variety of perspectives and it will be announced in due course.
Michael Angelakis: No, we don’t have any particular plan as I just mentioned. Our view is there is a number of moving pieces related to regulatory, related to tax, related to a number of items. And our view is let’s be very thoughtful about it. The goal is to maximize shareholder value, so there is no particular internal timeline. We’re going to go at a pace that we’re comfortable with to make sure that we do maximize shareholder value.
Michael Angelakis: And let me just add in. Phil, with regards to the CapEx, we talked about that back in February. We’re sticking to our CapEx plan in terms of percentage of revenue and you will see from a CPE perspective almost all of our set-top boxes are X1 type set-top boxes.
Michael Angelakis: That’s what I thought you meant. I just wanted to clarify. With regards to our leverage profile, when we do close a transaction depending on timing, we’ll have approximately $70 billion of debt in our balance sheet in pro forma between 2.2x, 2.3x leverage depending on timing. I think the divestitures are going to be what I call leverage neutral that wherever we end up when the transactions are done, we’ll end up at the same place. I don’t think we’re revisiting our overall balance sheet profile. Our goal long-term, medium-term goal is to be between 1.5x and 2x. And that’s going to take us several years to get to when given the magnitude of debt, given our air rating, given how we look at our balance sheet as a real strategic asset, we don’t think it’s appropriate to re-look at the leverage ratios.
Michael Angelakis: And let me just say one of the things on video revenue. I just want to make sure we’re all level set. We have almost 70% of our customers take two services. And 36% take all three services. So we do look at it from a yield perspective with regards to rate adjustments across the entire base and you really have to look at not just video revenue, but high-speed data revenue is up 9% which is a terrific performance compared to prior years. And if you look at all of our recurring revenue, that’s actually growing quite nicely as well. So as we continue to have more Double and Triple Plays, the individual product revenue growth I think gets a little distorted.
Michael Angelakis: With regards to shareholder vote, it’s hard to tell to be honest with you John. We have to go through the SEC review which we’re doing now, but I would hope it’s over the next several months we’ll have that vote, but just difficult to pinpoint as Brian mentioned with Marci. So we’ll have – obviously we have really two shareholders votes; ours as well as Time Warner Cable’s. And right now we’re going through that SEC review.
Michael Angelakis: So let me start with the cable advertising. Actually you have to adjust out the closure of the Style Network or the shutdown of the Style Network. And Fandango, we moved from one category of the company to another company. If you exclude those two things, cable advertisement was up a couple of percentage points. And we are optimistic that we’re going to have a good upfront in the next ensuing quarter, we’ll do better.
Michael Angelakis: Honestly Vijay, I don’t think we want to get to in the weeds with regards to tax bases and step-ups and those kinds of items. We have lots of assets between our company and obviously Time Warner. And we’re evaluating a number of factors including tax bases is one of those factors. Other factors are how are we clustered within certain markets and how do we think about value and growth and all those other items. So I don’t want to leave you with the perception that there is only one factor or one set of systems. And I think it would be not quite right to go into specifics at this point.Vijay Jayant – International Strategy & Investment Group: Okay, thank you.
Michael Angelakis: Yes. Actually X1 customers take a much higher amount of DVRs as well, which is quite good for us and adds more revenue.
Brian Roberts: I think that in 90 days nothing has changed Ben on our view. I think we’re more encouraged than 90 days ago. We’ve now scaled it more. We’ve ramped it, doubled the speed in six months of the rollout. Churns, pay-per-view revenue, customer satisfaction, all those statistics are headed in a good direction. I think your previous question about how can we get it to more devices faster is always on our mind. Are there new technologies that can come along and help to speed that along? One of the things we are rolling out is an app, XFINITY TV, and it really looks like the X1 guide without a box. And it works on every iOS and every Android and every Kindle in your home. So there are – real progress is being made on how to get this to more devices faster without having to spend more capital necessarily, but I think ultimately this is a fantastic product and we’re getting it out there at measured pace. We started with Triple Play. Now we’re Double Play. And we’re constantly getting it to more available to our customers and we’re trying different marketing things to make it – see how the response rates are and see how the customer satisfaction is. But so far so good.
Brian Roberts: This is Brian. I think you have most of the steps. We don’t know when that vote is going to be. But you also have local municipalities and state franchising authorities and PUCs where certain business licenses exist. So there is probably even a few more steps than you mentioned but those are the basics.
Brian Roberts: Well Streampix has been a good product for us. We’ve learned what customers consume and there is a lot of people who were using the product and even buying the product. I think the OTT model we found to be very difficult. However, as we tried to target different segments, we’re open to the possibilities of including OTT.
Brian Roberts: And on the HSD side, we feel very good with the quarter, at 9% revenue growth, 383,000 subs. We feel it’s a good quarter and I wouldn’t read any deceleration into the business at all. We’re capturing share and we continue to focus on and add value through things like speed upgrades and Wi-Fi.
Brian Roberts: So, in just wrapping up, I think a really strong start to the year, terrific work at NBCUniversal and every business segment setting up for a continuation throughout the year. And I think in that last question what’s exciting about cable right now is we have a product with the X1 platform that is going to lead for years and years for more innovation to happen. It’s a game changer to put it in the cloud to be able to click a button and have a go to Denver and back faster than a click would have happen just looking at a television just a couple of years ago is creates really fantastic opportunity as we’ve touched on some of them today and some that haven’t even been invented yet, but it’s an architectural change that we haven’t seen in a long time. And so getting that platform out in a measured way will be fantastic for our customers and open up to new businesses. So it’s a great start to the year. And back to you Jason.
