Dave Watson: Thanks, Brian. So there I think there are a handful of things certainly broadband-related when you think about structural opportunities going forward. But even before that, I’d start with the amazing work that the team did in taking 90% of our call center agents and getting them to work from home. So whether or not that stays at that level, we don’t know. We’ll figure out the right balance going forward. But there has to be a structural benefit in being able to figure that out very quickly and effectively. I think from a broadband standpoint, the process we had already been investing strong product road map around self-install capability, but we’ve enhanced it with the drop-and-go capability. We leave the SIK kit, provide telephonic and chat support, and those are going to be benefits that I think we’ll have going forward. And most certainly, as Brian talked about, our digital tools, a very strong road map there between xFi, My Account and the Xfinity Assistant, the chat capability, these things are game changers and provided, I think, a nice uptick during this period, but I think a lot of that will be sustainable.
Dave Watson: I think you covered it well in sports. On wireless, Doug, we continue to like our current approach. Even in this moment, we see that all the major areas that we’ve been focused on around broadband churn yes, there’ll be a little bit of impact on retail through this period, but between Bring Your Own Device, new device launches, we continue to be real pleased with the trajectory of the wireless business. As to opportunities, spectrum and/or the relationship, we like our relationship, current one that we have. We’re always going to be staring at ways of making improvements to it over time, but the fundamentals are very good. And in regards to spectrum, nothing new to report. We will be opportunistic if it makes sense to our business. Overall, the third objective is to be profitable at scale, and we feel very comfortable with where we’re going.
Dave Watson: Got it, Brian. Craig, so this is what we are experiencing right now is primarily, as you noted an SMB issue. In a number of businesses where Mike mentioned earlier, where we have paused their accounts, there is no question, there has been an uptick, an increase. But the rate of that increase is declining. And so you take that, it’s not a huge number but it’s we’re working with our clients to stay very focused on that. There will be some impact for sure as we go into Q2. But overall, to counter, as you referenced, in SMB, we’re still the challenger with around 40% or so penetration. So there the fundamentals of SMB are still very good, and there’s penetration upside. We’re going to go after it. And we still are getting a fair amount of connect business even during this period. So our team’s on it. We’ve had to redeploy folks. People that were out working in communities are now doing driving demand in other ways. And it’s and we’re getting some effective responses. So we’ll stay on that. I think that last point before I turn it over is, over the last decade plus since launching, we started off with SMB, still the primary part of our business. But we have most definitely materially diversified to midsized and enterprise business now. So these segments are really important for us right now, will be in the future. That’s where most of the penetration upside is. So really proud of our Bill Stemper, the business services team, great local operations that have moved on a dime to handle a lot of this at this moment, but we certainly are planning for multiple scenarios. We’ll work with our small business clients. We want to be a partner with them, getting them through it. And so I am optimistic coming out of it, and we’ll be there for them when that happens.
Dave Watson: Thanks, Brian. John, so as Brian said, this has been our top priority, continues to be our top priority going forward. And our mission has been to redefine what great broadband is, and Brian hit it. It’s we’re investing, and we have a really great product road map that really hits on all of it, speed, coverage control and now streaming with the addition of Flex and all the content that comes with it. So in this moment, robust, reliable network that can consistently handle this uptick in data consumption as well as all the devices with the WiFi coverage in the home, we have invested and built the network that can stand up to this moment, and it’s going to be important going forward. So and we’re not standing still, but we’re going to continue to improve the value of broadband. And I mentioned introducing Flex that comes with our included in our broadband service, and this is focused for the broadband-only segment. And Jeff mentioned Peacock already. This comes with Peacock comes with Flex. High levels of engagement with content, it’s a great video addition to the broadband service. So but to your main point, John, even in this environment, you have lower move activity that’s suppressing some of the activity, but there are many sources of new broadband share opportunity. And we continue to compete for share from the primary competitors. That’s a big source of business even right now that we take share from folks, we just have a better product and that’s proven out and people need it right now, and we’ll continue to. There’s still a lot of DSL. There is some nevers, never broadbands out there. You had mentioned mobile-only. People are finding you need broadband. And I think once they experience what xFi is, I think we’re optimistic about them staying with it. So along with historic record churn, I think we’re proving right now that we can attract new business for broadband as we go forward. So you look at the 477,000 in Q1 that we feel we took out there’s no Internet Essentials in that number. There’s appropriate reserve that we took out for bad debt projections. It’s not material in Q1, but we took it. And we think that going forward, April, as Mike mentioned, is a very good start. It’s impossible to say how things are going to play out through the quarter. But the fundamentals and the momentum that we have, I think we’ve proven that we can drive connects and that we have we’ll maintain solid churn. So I’m optimistic about our momentum as we go into the rest of the year.
Brian Roberts: Before, Jeff, you pop in, I want to welcome you to this call, obviously, under tremendous unique circumstances. But you’ve been with us forever, listened in on a lot of these calls. But come at it with both your maybe broader view of life and specifically, the film question.
Brian Roberts: So let me Jessica, welcome back to the call. We did talk about sports a little bit. So but let me ask Jeremy since Sky Sports is a separate subscription, for those that aren’t familiar with it, it’s a different business approach. And people have paused the subscription, which is, I think, a very intelligent approach. And what we’re seeing there is let me ask Jeremy to talk about that. And then why don’t we take your two questions on Peacock and costs in general, which I think are and ask Jeff to comment when Jeremy’s finished.
Brian Roberts: Yes. I just would only add that definitely that last part, our focus is the businesses we’ve got. We feel we’re in a wonderful position. Again, as I think about the timetable, we know parks are going to reopen and we know sports is going to get back. So these are a temporary hit. And I think being home and watching sports, I think, is pretty safe. And that’s going to return pretty quickly to a great business. And then I look at the majority of the company being broadband in people’s homes and people who are spending more time in their homes, and that’s not going to change quickly. And that’s a great opportunity to develop new products and relationships and deepen those relationships. So as we’ve looked at it, as we talked as a team, I don’t think we would trade positions with anybody. We like our company. We like our hand, and we are going to be focused on improving from here
