Brian Roberts: Thank you, Ben. Let me start that if you look at where we are today, we -- the global technology platform, we do about 5 billion entertainment streams a week on 75 million devices. So, we have a huge global scale. And one of the great things that we've been working on with Dana and Dave is having a global technology platform and working together on product innovation.  So, to specifically talk about the connected TV, streaming TV, which is what Sky Glass and X Class are really all about. I think it's a natural evolution. So, I think it's a beginning of a logical extension. And so, I was in London for the launch of Sky Glass and we've been working on it since the day we bought Sky, taken about 3 years to see it come to fruition. It's a really exciting product to simplify for the consumer so much Dana can talk at a moment a little bit about it.  It doesn't really breakthrough idea I think on how people buy it and pay for, but mostly, it's an embodiment of what we do well, which is aggregation. And that we're going to find a way for consumers to get to what they want faster, personalize it, and have fun along the way. And then it's a platform for innovation on go-forward basis for where we think television may evolve and whether it's gaming, whether it's fitness, healthcare, education.  And so, having that be part of your relationship with our Company, I think is novel territory for us to do R&D off of in the US, and finally allows us to take it all over Europe, potentially, as you say, in and out of footprint. So, we're starting in the UK but we have ambitions to expand quickly to other countries. And it's great for streamers and streaming services.  Our importance to the streaming universe will continue to grow and our relationship and certainly the Apple announcement today is that the latest iteration of that. In the U.S., pretty much locked in sync with our Sky team is the X Class, and Dave can talk a little bit about that. But -- we look at the markets, there's different opportunities, different realities with our partnership with Hisense and with Walmart, where many Americans get their televisions. And so, we're excited to begin.  And I think -- so different ends of the market, perhaps. We'll look at this as learnings across the globe. And it follows right on the heels of X1 -Q (ph.) Flex and the progress we've made on innovations. So, I'm really excited by it, and I think it also shows the one Company working well together. Let me start with Dana. Why don't you add a few thoughts on Sky Glass? And then Dave over here and I, we'll get to the question on leverage with Mike.
Brian Roberts: That's the one point I just -- this is Brian. Just want to add to Dave, I think gave a very comprehensive and I totally agree with the two questions that got asked he's answered. I think that that last point, I just want to underscore which is where the record low churn suggests to me anyway, very stable business. That's what's so great about the 32 million broadband customers we have. We have a recurring business. So, while maybe there was a pull forward, maybe there's a slowdown, time will tell as your question suggests.  Where we're looking at, how do we grow EBITDA, how do we grow margins, how do we maintain and offer more product connectivity? The very first thing we talked about, what else can you do with broadband? What will broadband evolve to over the next 5 years, 10 years? So, we're super focused on minute-to-minute, but we're also -- I think Dave put in context just how good we feel and its certainly business services the same kind of innovation that we've been doing in residential, we're doing in business services.  And so, it's not some change in market conditions that really, we've all been reading about. While there may be coming, and maybe there's some of that, I actually think it's personally the disruption from the pandemic coupled with a large percentage of Americans have broadband. So, the question for us go forward is, how do we continue to grow the value of that broadband and obviously therefore grow the value to our shareholders.
Brian Roberts: Well, let me start, but thanks for -- you're all over the sense of optimism. And at least, I think we all feel for the Company. I think we're one of the fortunate companies. During the pandemic, we've talked in the past about how well I think we transition to work from home, customer care, continued productions.  So, as we come, hopefully, out of this in the U.S. and globally, where are we driving or Company? And I think we will ultimately go where the consumer wants to be. And we have products and different prices that allow customers to come to our Company. We're getting close to nearly $60 million customer relationships. I think $57 million or $58 million global relationships. And these are $100 a month plus type relationships.  And so, we want to be the best leader. And that's why we're continuing the innovation, and then you add in theme parks and she talked about, and the big events that people come to our Company, whether they're advertisers or business partners. So, I think that's all driven off a global technology platform. And that's where I think we have the real leadership. And then, I want to echo what Mike has said a couple of times.  We feel like we're back in balance in our priorities, and that really puts us in a position to go forward to be disciplined in what we're doing, be a leader. And that's going to produce after all the many years that our Company has been building these relationships around the world to produce a lot of free cash that will be returned to shareholders. But, Jeff, why don't you go specifically to the Peacock and other NBC? We haven't heard from you yet. So maybe talk about the Company in general.
Brian Roberts: Okay. I think it's a perfect way to end the call. Phil, with your question, let me again state that I think it was a great quarter. And 1 of the highlights of the quarter was returning after several years to what we have, our target leverage ratio, which Mike talked about. And so -- we sort of separate, at least I do in my mind, the borrowing from the buybacks. They are not linked the way you described; they may appear that way.  And I just want to give a complement to our treasury team, Jason Armstrong and the team. During the last 18 months, our Balance sheets have never been in a stronger position. We've done some long-term rollovers and extensions at historically low rates. And so, you put all that together with this operating performance and it does get us back to where we wanted to be, which will then allow us to more aggressively take advantage of what a number of us believe as a great Company.  And, therefore, you can put your own value on it as shareholders, but we certainly are looking forward to buying back stock. And I think Mike described the logic well in the ratios. And all-in-all, a really great quarter. So, thank you, team, and thanks for your support on the call to the shareholders. Marci, over to you.
David Watson: Hello. This is Dave then, so -- and I think Dana hit it, Brian hit it, it's a -- really is for XClass, we're not starting from scratch because of this constant focus around innovation and working with the Sky team, working together with the cable group. So, we're excited about XClass. It's early days, but it is clearly the smart TV is a really important device to get to.  So, we're able to take our software stack working across the board and focus on the right segment that wants very little friction that just wants the smart TV to work and we're able to do two things. One, delivered the world-class UI. So great voice, great data integration, able to add things like the Charter app, our app on top of it.  And so, we can -- there's a lot of flexibility that we have in the business model that we have. We can go to market with the TV manufacturers, the retailers in mind, and pull it all together in a unique way, it's because we're coming in a little bit later. So, it's a great product, we're very excited about it within our footprint outside. And we're able to position Peacock as a key part of the offering and a great way, and within the UI. And so overall, very excited early but this is clearly a focus of ours.
David Watson: You got it, Doug. So first off, as you said, we're still clearly in a fluid environment. To be clear though, the fundamentals of the business are very strong. And there is a really long runway of growth in broadband. So, we haven't changed our feeling on that at all. We have a terrific network scaled. It's ubiquitous and it continues to perform exceptionally well. And we're in a good position for the future.  So, we haven't changed our view on the long-term trajectory of the Connectivity business. I'm just as confident and optimistic in the prospects for this business as I've ever been. been. So, when you look at the whole year, I think it underscores the strength of broadband. Year-to-date we've added over 1.1 million net additions, and we've been adding over 1 million broadband subscribers each year for the past 20 years.  And as you said, while the pace in Q3 was slower than we saw earlier in the year during the height of the pandemic, our broadband net adds are still very healthy and our churn remains at record lows, certainly for Q3. I think it's important to look at the current environment and I think that points a little bit, Doug, to what you're talking about. And just a couple of drivers to call out. One, when you look at the slowdown and Mike talked about this earlier, there have been a slowdown in connects across our footprint and we look very closely at the move activity.  There's more activity earlier in the year around moves, slower now, and certainly with the last couple of months. Below 2019 levels in terms of moves. A little bit less college student activity, not alarmingly so, but a little bit less. And just a little bit less switching activity overall. I think you look at other operators, everyone's turn is down.  That means some less jump balls where we do well. I think the other thing to call out in terms of drivers, we're seeing less growth from the lower income segment. We're still adding customers in this segment but not at the same rate as earlier. There are new government programs like EBB. We're seeing traditional wireless, not fixed wireless, but traditional wireless participates and be very active in this program. And last point on competition, look, we take it all very seriously and we've been in a very competitive situation for some time.  Our focus has not wavered. We innovate, we deliver the best product for each segment. We break the market down in term second -- terms of segments, and we compete at a very local level. We have our granular view literally at the block level geographically. And by each segment from HSV (ph.) is the only -- the multiple product household. So, you add it all up, our turn remains at record lows, whether it's fiber, whether or not. And we look at our competitors' performance overall to ours historically and now.  And I think this says it all. So, as for expectations for full-year results, while current visibility and overall activity creates a little bit of modest risk, we still believe full-year net adds will be around 2019 levels. So overall, when you look at this year and you go back to 2019, 2019 was second best year that we've had and -- well over a decade. It's just a terrific year. And so, for us to be at that level and the consistency that we've had has been so strong and you point to the fundamentals.  There are some things that were on but like always, you attack them and you break them down, but I really like the fundamentals and the momentum that we have, so I think the runway is absolutely still there. And the last point is Business Services is a very important part of the connectivity story. And in there, I love their momentum as well. So, you add it all up, I like where we're at with connectivity.
David Watson: Understood. As I mentioned, around the visibility. So, I wouldn't comment yet at this point on '22 other to say what I've already said around '19 being very strong and point back towards the fundamentals and terms of the trending around turn the activity that we have. And so, and more to come later, but I think there's -- we have this consistent momentum.  I'll be going back -- pointing back to over a million broadband net adds in over a 20-year period. Just speaks to the strength of the category. So, overall views, long runway for growth, where we're at with penetration, we haven't changed our longer-term view of that.
David Watson: I think the main point, churn is already at a very good place. I think Our overall are record lows. So, I think what we're dealing with these transactional activities, it's a little bit later on the connect side. So, we're already in a good position.  I think we have a balanced approach towards ARPU growth. We have a balanced approach towards customer share growth. So, those fundamentals I think are consistent.
David Watson: Hey, Craig, Dave here. So, let me start with wireless. So, I don't think -- We really haven't changed our -- the strategic imperative behind Mobile, but most certainly, things have accelerated. And we are very focused on how we leveraged Mobile to support broadband. Once we successfully worked on the Verizon relationship and improve the MVNO relationship.  We're able to go-to-market with and launching the new unlimited plans, combining that with By the Gig, just puts us in a unique position. So, I think our goal is what we said earlier is to go faster and leverage mobile completely and everything that we do and how we surround broadband with a terrific product, I think it is profitable. It'll continue to be, we feel confident of that. But the main focus is to drive broadband. And there are a couple of key things: 1.  It is -- it continues to support the broadband churn. Again, pointing towards the record low broadband overall churns, mobile is just one piece of that. But it also drives consideration on the front end. So, when things -- the activity overall begins to tick back up, I think retail on mobile play a huge role. As you pointed out, I think the other key point is: how do we leverage product integration with Wi-Fi? We already do a great job.  Thus, the -- every mobile device -- we contribute just a ton of broadband traffic through these mobile devices over our Wi - Fi network, and its part of our network. So over time, we want to work hard on how do we integrate the experience and just do more. So, I think in the home, and we'll be opportunistic outside the home. So, I think it's -- we're accelerating mobile, every single sales channel, every marketing plan. And we'll continue to package mobile with broadband in unique ways going forward.
David Watson: Let me start as Dave, let me start with broadband. As I said, there is some limited visibility on what we've seen and obviously an acceleration of activity earlier in the year, that was more like '20 and the first part of '21, but primarily really -- on the connect side. And I think I walked through some of the drivers behind that. But again, pointing towards the whole year gives perspective on Q4 around the 2019 levels.  Still, I think the key is the overall turn levels just being where they are at and I've talked about that. Your point, our approach is to consistently focus on value. And whether it's fiber or not, our goal is constantly innovating, position the greatest network, I think, for today and tomorrow.  And we're constantly adding speeds. We've improved coverage, great devices, the gateways, the pods, control improvements that we've had, streaming with the Flex, now XClass, and Mobile. We're surrounding broadband with products. It eases some of the pressure around pricing when you can package with so many alternatives. The other thing that we do is we provide multiple tiers of broadband and we've market -- we break down the broadband marketplace into segments.  So, we have a lot of choice out there. And so, it is we go and we consult with the prospects upfront and customers all the time, what's best for them, and we put them in packages that work. And that gives an opportunity to drive ARPU when you do it that way. So, overall, the fundamentals, again, I've talked about in -- you look at the long-term runway of broadband and the consistency of how we performed. To me, that's -- I think points towards the future. So, Brian.
