Neil Smit: Jessica, I think on our side its heads down execution where we continue to rollout X1; we have got it in four markets now. We will be rolling out two other markets and major markets in the next couple of weeks. I think on the marketing side it’s continuing to refine our targeting of high value subscribers, and I think on the operation side it’s really to execute well on our service delivery. We are taking truck rolls out; we are taking noise out of the system. I think the division presidents are doing a great job of that. And finally, it’s continue to accelerate our new businesses, business service has been growing at 34%. We are getting into the mid-market now. XFINITY Home, the home security and automation product is that rolled out across all our markets now and we are going to continue accelerate on the new business side.
Neil Smit: Jason, on the video side, I think we are executing well on both the product side, the marketing side and the service side. We’ve rolled out new video services X1 is going out, it’s rolling over the today's market, as I mentioned. I think we have got a really nice balance between rate and volume. Our video rate was up 5% and our volume was we reduced losses by about 29%. So I think we stuck a nice balance there. I think on the [HSD] side, we took equipment charges, we had equipment charges last year, and we have been driving ARPU up for and to at least the eight sequential quarters its been, I think we struck a nice balance there what drives the rate increases right now is primarily speed, but we are driving additional services like a home security, and what not whether we get the video increases in the fourth quarter, I think we just have our head down, we are focusing on execution and block and tackle things.
Neil Smit: Hi Doug, it’s Neil. On the video side, I wouldn't say there are any unusual circumstances that would affect the video momentum going forward into the fourth quarter. The competitive market seems, there is no major change there and I think we are executing well on and we did recognized balance between rate and volume.
Neil Smit: No I think the housing is neither a headwind nor a tailwind, we haven't seen any material changes; we've seen slight housing improvements in some of our markets but overall nothing unusual there.
Neil Smit: Craig, on the political side we had a strong quarter in Q3 and I think that’s continues in to Q4, but the core business was also very healthy without political and the extra broadcast, we're still up 6%. Auto seems strong, and so I think the team is executing very well there and political remains strong going in to Q4.
Neil Smit: Universal as you know that most of the political spending is local. There was a little bit of national and then the local was very specific. Unfortunately we don’t know a television station in Ohio. Most of our own station markets did not have a lot of political because they were not battleground stakes. 
Neil Smit: On the X1 product we've rolled it out in four markets today, and we are going out to two more major markets the next couple of weeks. As I mentioned earlier, we’ve got very positive feedback so far where we've rolled it out. And I think the important thing to remember with the X1 is its more than just a guide, it’s the IP delivered video platform that enables us to adjust the product and upgrade different services in a very short time frame, and so it takes time to prep the markets and roll them out and train the service technicians but we are very encouraged by the initial rollout of the product.
Neil Smit: On the other question you asked, I think we are very focused right now, we've just got so many business opportunities that are businesses we know and we think can perform better. Steve has talked about a few, Neil’s got a really good momentum and plan and we don't see the profitability or the logic to not want to extend the relationships in the markets we serve. Out of the markets we don't serve it’s not clear what the business opportunity for us is certainly from a content company just to Steve’s answer there are new businesses that emerge and we always want to take advantage of that by selling and partnering with those companies. So we are pretty focused. I think we like the trajectory we are on and the results I think speak for themselves.
Neil Smit: Yeah, James on the businesses services side, our slots in terms of build out of our network to address the opportunities hasn’t really changed that much. We're seeing strong growth on this small business side which is about 85% of our revenue and on the mid-sized market it's about 15% and growing of a smaller base. We extend our network where we see the opportunities and it's a great ROI so far and we will continue to invest in that business.
Neil Smit: Hey, John, on the Wi-Fi side, we continue to build our markets gradually. We’ve implemented a number of rollouts in the cities where we have the hotspots going through based on usage and we rollout the product. We are also establishing in-home and small business hotspots concerning for us partnership, we have been really working on the infrastructure, we are launching stores, we have got about 550 launched and we are working with agents as well, we’ve developed a point in system sales products that we are well for their in-store agents and we are developing products together that we think will be very exciting for consumer. So more to come on that front but overall we are very pleased with the partnership.
Steve Burke: And in terms of NBCUniversal obviously we are doing better but we still have a lot of businesses that are underperforming by my standards by the standards that we all have for them. Broadcast I think is our biggest opportunity and the fact that NBC has been number one for the first four weeks of the season in demo, is a very positive start for the season for us and we want to continue that. But I think broadcast profitability could be dramatically higher than it is currently and hopefully we are going in the right direction on that. And then I think monetization across the company in terms of affiliate fees, advertising, CPMs we have a lot of upside and we have only been together with NBCUniversal now for 18 months, 20 months and we feel like we are on the right path but there is a long, long way to go. 
Steve Burke: Well as viewership trend have changed you have got to adjust the way you monetize your eyeballs, and I think one of the new major areas for any cable channel or broadcast channel can monetize their content is SVOD. In a way it’s a new form of the traditional syndication model where at a certain point after the shows have aired in their primary run on a broadcast for cable channel they have been sold into another market and SVOD has emerged as a major revenue source, and our belief is that revenue source will continue. It might change, different companies might do different things and new entrants might come into the market or leave the market, but it’s clearly there and something that you need to pay attention to and monetize. The same things happening with the internet and electronic sell through, I think both the television and the movie business there are more different ways to monetize your content today then ever, but in some way it is more complicated than ever, because viewers are watching more different screens.
Steve Burke: I think so, and we will see. There is a chance that it will be lumpy. There will be new technologies that merged and there will be times when those technologies allow us to monetize in a way that’s greater and we have historically and then maybe other times that are less. But I think in general these new technologies will be great realizing the real base of our cable business is officially the fees we get from the MVPD community and the advertising.
Steve Burke: In terms of cable advertising as an accounting matter, some of the Olympics advertising that was on our cable channels was actually reflected with the Olympics in the broadcast segment and that depressed our advertising a little bit and then the quarter was not our strongest quarter in terms of cable ad sales.
Steve Burke: Well, I think in fairly rapid fashion over the last two years or three years, the industry has settled in on it’s not really a rate card but I think there is a general agreement as to what the right kind of structure for retransmission consent is and that’s across the four networks and with a major distributors. And we will participate according to those kinds of sort of established structures. What we have to do is wait for our existing affiliation agreements to expire and negotiate new ones. We have about 25% of our sub base up in this calendar year, calendar 2012; and we have had a number of discussions ongoing and some of those have been concluded at this point at least in handshake fashion and we are getting what we think is a fair price for retransmission consent. We have also done a lot of deals with our broadcast affiliates in which we share in the retransmission consent fees that they negotiate and we believe that those agreements are similar to the kind of agreements that ABC, CBS and Fox are negotiating as well. So, obviously retransmission consent is a major positive for all broadcast businesses including NBC and I think we are right on schedule, right on where we thought we would be in terms of getting those deals done. 
Michael Angelakis: Hey Jason, it’s Michael. There is really not any abnormal expectations in the fourth quarter, but I think as Neil said, the team is really just trying to make progress everyday and execute and I think we’ve done that over the last eight quarters in a row. So we’ll see how the fourth quarter comes up, we are optimistic, but we've got a lot of days left in the fourth quarter.
Michael Angelakis: I'll take the second question Doug, regarding sort of cash balance and debt. Actually after the third quarter we actually did another bond issuance for NBCUniversal of approximately $2 billion and that cash has gone and is sitting on the NBCUniversal’s balance sheet. So as we sit here today our debt is about $41 billion give or take and our cash balance is approximately $11 billion. So we have taken advantage both on the Comcast side as well as on the NBC side of what we consider to be historically low interest rates and have issued two sets of bonds, $2.25 billion on the Comcast side and $2 billion on the NBCUniversal side. So we feel pretty good in terms of where we are and our growth target has really not changed between 2 and 2.5 times and we obviously look at total debt as well and that's where the balance is.
Michael Angelakis: I mean you do have to pay debt back. So I think from our standpoint the way we look at is we have roughly $11 billion of debt in cash, $6 billion of that, actually a little bit more than 6 is at NBCUniversal and really that cash is going to be utilized eventually for equity redemption, and on the Comcast side we do have a little bit more than $4 billion or so of which some of that is a Spectrum Co. proceeds and some of them is a recent bond issue. We have some maturities coming up in the end of this year and in the fourth quarter, but I think we feel pretty good that we've been opportunistic in terms of how we've accessed the capital markets and will continue to do so when we think rates are exceedingly attractive.
Michael Angelakis: Okay. Why don’t I take the first one in terms of the cash balance? We feel very good that we built up the liquidity and flexibility at NBCUniversal with regard to it's cash balance and 2014 will be here before we know it and we’ll evaluate it at that point in time. As Steve said, we're approximately 20 months in to managing and owning NBCUniversal and we have about this little bit more than that before we have to make a decision with regard to July of 2014. So we've clearly have some runway to evaluate it. We really like the structure we have. We were good partner, and partnership with GE is working out well. We have a lot of faith in the team and how NBCUniversal is performing. So we feel good that we're building up the financial flexibility and that we have the runway to make a decision in 2014.
Michael Angelakis: Why don’t I take the programming question. I think the team has done a great job this year with our programming increases. They are certainly a bit lower then we had forecasted. However that being said we do expect a bit in the fourth quarter that number to increase a bit. As we think about ‘13, I think you are going to see some continue pressure, we do have lumpy contracts that come up and so forth. I don't want to get into too much detail, but I can just tell you I think the team has really done a great job. We have a lot more rights over many different platforms, and I think that probably in the fourth quarter and to a bit into 2013, we will see some additional pressure on programming and I think we will be able to manage through that.
Michael Angelakis: I take the hockey one. We have a lot of businesses that are related to hockey whether its NBC Sports Network or whether it's the regional sports network or obviously Comcast SpectrumCo and in that net it’s immaterial to the whole company in terms of lockout but I can tell you we're in a pretty disappointing with regard to lockout. I don't think we should say a heck of a lot more James. I think that we're just hopeful that the ownership and their players can get together and get on with the season. So for me, corporate standpoint, the impact is immaterial. I think we're just hopeful that both sides will come to resolution and go back and play the game.
Michael Angelakis: And I think James, if you look at our trending schedules on business services, you can see that capital expenditures dedicated to business services has been increasing, that’s both to see sort of the middle-sized business where we are doing extension. If we just look at how it was two years ago, it's up roughly 50% over 24 months and I think that reflects pretty good investment. The team does a great job on being disciplined with those investments.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thanks, one for Michael and one for Neil. The question for Neil, I think along with Apple this was about the only conference call in TMT so far that's not mentioned macro issues and many businesses showed weakening during the quarter. How much of the 3Q sub improvements in video and data were driven by gross add improvements versus churn improvements. Is there any favorable or unfavorable market momentum, macro or competitive worth noting? And for Michael, I think Comcast is an unusual stretch where you are incented to raise your gross debt leverage maybe into the very high end of your target range given the very low cost of debt and the new issue market, but you are already in the $9 billion cash position. So I know you are asked this every quarter, but how do you think about the level of gross debt and gross debt leverage the company carries relative to the attractiveness of the debt markets right now? Thanks.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: And there is nothing in terms of housing or in terms of the overall macro environment that you would call out.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: And I guess I was getting to Michael is this sort of a historic opportunity to take leverage up to an unusual level given the attractiveness of the new issue marketing, and given you are such a big company and such a big issue where its obviously a very interesting question for you.
