David N. Watson: We've often thought that X1 is an operating platform which not only the most preferred video applications would be there, but we also thought, as Brian said, that there are going to be many other applications, music, gaming. And as IoT continues to make progress, you're going to control your home experience in many ways, including right through the television in X1. So our mission is to just make it simple and easy. And we're processing right now the way we've connected Netflix, the way we were doing – we will do Amazon and we're already doing it with YouTube, we're processing about 2.1 billion voice commands a quarter, and it's just easy. So from our standpoint, we think there's a long runway ahead to continue to have X1 be the aggregator of aggregators. So we're optimistic with that.
David N. Watson: I think it starts with the fact that broadband – DOCSIS is a great standard. It's a very efficient one in that we've been steadily investing in the network in terms of node splits and expansions. So our focus around broadband is bringing to life our xFi brand, where it's the same thing we did with X1 for video we're doing with xFi. And xFi stands for the best of speed, the best of coverage and control. Dana Strong and her team are doing a really nice job bringing xFi to life. And the proof points are there. As Brian mentioned, we have virtually our entire footprint is now deployed with 1-gig. We have the best-in-class gateways, pods that are delivering best-in-class in-home Wi-Fi capability. And the amount of devices that are being activated and used in the home continues to escalate. So the control aspect of this I think we are also standing out, and our xFi app is just terrific, and a lot of usage, a lot of engagement with that. So I think we're going to keep our lead. We're going to stay focused in terms of how we differentiate broadband, not only in speed but also these other aspects. And I think this is where our focus is. It's connectivity in residential, in commercial. It starts with that, and I think this is – it didn't happen overnight. We've been steadily focused on this and we'll continue to be so.
David N. Watson: This is Dave. I'll go into Mobile. So after starting this category, launching the category last spring, I think we're off to a really good start. We're ending Q3 with over a million customer lines and I think solid momentum. It's early, very early, but we're encouraged in that we're looking at mobile. One of the top reasons why we did it is to improve in particular broadband retention. So just early pulse check on that is showing that there is real hope there. So we like that. The other two reasons – stand, we're very consistent on this point that we're going to achieve positive standalone wireless economics at scale and that we're also going to look to attract even more broadband customers and more opportunities to expand the relationship through mobile. So overall, the trending is what we expected. It's still early but encouraged.
David N. Watson: You go through competitive cycles and most certainly in broadband, and we saw there was just a little bit more promotional activity. But you have to look at I think the absolute performance in terms of how we look at it. The best, as Brian said, our net add performance was 363,000 broadband net additions, best in 10 years. And you look to the drivers, very solid churn. It's an attractive product. And we continue to differentiate, as I mentioned earlier. Our focus is to have the best product in the marketplace, that we will have the best speeds, delivered now 1-gig availability. You have 70% of our customers that have 100 megabits and above. Where people are going, the expectations around broadband are going up in terms of all the different opportunities, whether it's streaming, applications, so there's a real appetite for better broadband. And the bar is being raised, not just in speed but in terms of in-home coverage. So we want to stand out in providing the best in-home experience, and we think we're delivering on that with xFi, and so all three, speed, coverage, and control. And then you look at the results in terms of churn improvement but also the broadband ARPU going up at 4.5%, a little over 4%. We're real pleased with that too. I think it shows the overall value of broadband. So I think I like the runway. One of the main things to me too that speaks to the runway is our penetration, about 46.5%, the overall market place at 80%. There's room for growth. And we have markets – some of our local operating areas that are well above that average. We should do better, and so we're expecting to do so.
David N. Watson: I think just to add, I think everything starts, Craig, from our standpoint of driving healthy profitable revenue in that the high-margin connectivity businesses – that's why this is so important, broadband, but also Business Services. Bill Stemper and his team doing a terrific job driving all three segments, SMB, midmarket, and now enterprise, there's just room for growth there. So we're very focused on that. The second thing that Mike has touched on that helps margins, we're incredibly focused and very consistent on improving the customer experience. I think this goes hand in hand. Taking transactions out of the cable business is good for the customer, it's good for the business. When you look at some of the results in the quarter, we've taken out over 5.5 million telephone calls. We've taken out a material amount of truck roll, and just we're just focused on onboarding, repeats. We're proactively looking at customer issues and solving them in the first place before they even call us. So this is where our focus is. I think it's really good. It takes out the unnecessary cost in the business. We're going to continue to be very focused on it, and I see a good runway for improvement there.
Michael J. Cavanagh: No, Phil, not a lot to add to what we said previously and what we said today. So we're happy to firm up guidance on margins and on capital intensity at the high end of the improvements we talked about at beginning of the year for the very reasons that Dave just highlighted. So it is a shift to higher-margin connectivity businesses are definitely helping to drive margin and drive net cash flow, as Brian said. Net cash flow in the Cable business up 16% year over year, quarter to quarter. So those trends will continue on the programming side. As we said, the last two years prior to this one were ones with big renewals, and so for a period of time, we will see relief on that side of the things. And everything that Dave's team is doing in terms of controlling expenses on the non-programming side, keeping expenses overall flat on the OpEx side while we grow customer base and improve customer experience are all initiatives that continue to roll through. We won't give guidance beyond this year, but obviously that type of work is ongoing and continued runway ahead.
Michael J. Cavanagh: Jon, it's Mike. I'll take the first one. So on share repurchases, our intention is to get ourselves back within 18 to 24 months, as I said, to the neighborhood of leverage consistent with the ratings that we maintain and the commitments we have made there. We'll take it one year at a time. So suspension of the buyback for next year is already safe at this stage. But I will say again, we intend to make that our priority. We're going to focus on the organic plans in each of our existing businesses, continue to drive the execution in all the businesses, and we'll see what happens in the world year by year from here.
Michael J. Cavanagh: Craig, it's Mike. I'll start and Dave can finish. Like I said earlier, I think the trends, the efforts, and the mix of business dynamics, efforts on the cost side and just the customer experience side, are improving margins, have improved them I think. We won't predict where they go from here, but just the idea that there are still efforts that will continue consistent with what we've seen. And the same positive dynamics of the mix shift to connectivity, given the efficiency, as Dave described, of our hybrid plant for the long run looks to be very good. I won't go there in terms of capital intensity over the long term because I don't – actually, we've never really had long-term guidance like that. But I think we're pleased with the financial model and the prospects for the financial model in the cable system looking through years ahead.
Michael J. Cavanagh: Vijay, it's Mike. I'll start, and Jeremy can add on. In terms of synergies, we're confident, very confident in the $500 million of synergies that we talked about. We've been at it for a month and all the teams getting together on a variety of different opportunities there across the board both at Sky and at Comcast and NBC are very confident in what we penciled out and talked about publicly. And so that will come over the coming couple of years, but no changes to our guidance on that score. And then in terms of future investment beyond the organic plans, at Sky I think we're going to run the organic plays as Jeremy described. Obviously, market structures are different in the U.S. from Europe, and that leads to great opportunities to capitalize on other folks' investment in their broadband plans. But, Jeremy, I don't know if you want to add to that at all.
Brian L. Roberts: I'm delighted to have Jeremy Darroch here with us today, Sky's long-time successful CEO. We think Sky is an incredible and unique standalone business that fits perfectly with Comcast. And the best way for you to hopefully reach the same conclusion is to hear directly from Jeremy about Sky's market position, brand leadership, and strong growth potential. And then I'll talk a bit about how excited we are about the combined company and its prospects. Jeremy, welcome.
Brian L. Roberts: Jeremy, really well done. Thank you. So as you've just heard, Sky is a great business with terrific organic growth ahead, and they operate with leadership positions in attractive markets as well as having the premier brand. Jeremy along with Rupert and James Murdoch and so many others have built a sensational company, and that's why this process was so competitive. Together, we make each other even better. The combined company is a broadly diversified global leader across video, broadband, content, and distribution, with 53 million high-value direct customer relationships in three of the world's five largest GDP economies and now the largest pay-TV operator and fixed broadband provider in developed economies, with number one positions in U.S. cable, number one U.S. broadband, and number one UK pay TV. Sky triples our footprint of homes we can directly sell our TV products into, now nearly 200 million, and nearly doubles our broadband footprint. When you combine the NBC broadcast and cable channel portfolio and now include Sky-branded entertainment, sports, movies, news channels, we become the leader in viewership share across all four primary pay-TV geographies. And all of this is built around subscription-based and recurring revenue businesses, which has allowed us to grow EBITDA for 23 straight years, and Sky adds to this highly desirable formula. Core to this formula is a great culture and strong leadership. In fact, as we spent more and more time with Sky's management in the past month, I've been struck by the similarity of mission, connect more people to the moments that matter with products and content that they love. With a global footprint, Xfinity, Sky, NBC, and Universal now position Comcast to play an increasingly influential role in shaping media and technology for decades to come. That's why we're so excited. Jason, over to you for questions.
Brian L. Roberts: Okay, thanks, Jason. First of all, today we move forward, and we are excited about the road ahead. But to that question, you never know exactly how securities are priced and what the motivating factors are. But I do think it was mispriced, whether that's because for five years it's been in a variety of M&A flux because there was a large shareholder, because there was regulatory uncertainty, whatever it may be. There's also been a change in the actual market, as Jeremy just laid out, in terms of the sports rights and competitiveness and new business opportunities that are just about to emerge in Italy, launching broadband and other things that we just heard. And then I look at the fact, as I said earlier, Disney bid 10% less, and that's exactly the amount we bid less than they did on FOX. These are super-desirable assets when put together with a company like Comcast, and the fit makes us stronger. So first as a standalone, I think it supports the values. Together, I think it increases the value. Time will tell. And I go back to the people who have a tremendous knowledge of the company and the roadmaps we all want to develop and who our stockholders themselves would probably – a larger percentage of their net worth than anybody else are the senior employees. The senior employees are extremely energized and motivated that this transforms the company and gives us opportunity to build shareholder value, and we're hard at work to do that.
Brian L. Roberts: With all the announcements of new streaming services, we'd be remiss if we didn't look at it very carefully. Where we come out is that streaming obviously is going to be part of our business but is not a substitute for what is currently a very good business in television. By the way, our shows are very popular on streaming services. The Office is often the number one show on Netflix within a month. We're a big percentage of Hulu. Our kids products that are made by DreamWorks Animation are very popular on Netflix. So we have a lot of shows that are currently very popular on streaming services. And we're looking at different ways that we could accelerate our business in terms of streaming. But we're doing everything with the notion that we have an existing business that's terrific that we want to protect and nurture and continue to build, and I think time will tell. I think there's been a little bit of a rush to the traditional television business is over and we've got to get into streaming. Streaming we think is very challenging economically and we don't want to rush into anything that in any way could take what has been a tremendous television business and make it worse.
Brian L. Roberts: So let me just wrap up by saying thank you to everybody for giving us a little extra time, and I think it was time well spent to get a deeper understanding of Sky, why it's a great business, why it fits us so uniquely, and why we are as excited as we are. I think the results for the quarter speak for themselves, and we'll talk to you in 90 days.
David Jeremy Darroch: Just a couple of things on that. First of all, it seems to me, if you think of the combined entity, now 50 million household relationships, monetizing it in the way that we're doing that, and with the level of relationship and penetration that we've got together, I can't think of another business that just has that element of scale to it today. And obviously, we'll be thinking about what does that mean and then how can we take advantage of that together. I think Sky in the UK and Ireland clearly has got an outstanding market position, and from our own business has provided the footprint that we're now trying to roll out elsewhere. We're making really good progress in Italy. Germany is a less mature market, but it's got massive potential if we can get it right over the next few years. There's certainly a huge amount of growth to go for in our mind in Europe. And my strong belief is that as part of a broader group, we're just going to be better able to figure that out and take advantage of that opportunity from the position that we start with today. I think in terms of your second point around software and capital intensity growth, we're at the outset now and starting to think about the opportunities together. There are obvious things I can immediately see that we'll exploit. We're not going to front-run those. We can obviously develop our plans and execute them. But some of our capabilities, for example, what Dave has just been talking about today in the core cable business, what are you doing with products like xFi, for example, immediately I can see opportunity for us to take some of those learnings and accelerate the position we've got in broadband in the UK today or as we get into the broadband market in Italy. So there will be more of that to come. I'm very confident.
David Jeremy Darroch: I'd say in terms of Sky more generally, I'll come onto the second question on that as part of this. Look, first of all, we've stepped into and will continue to step into new consumer trends and technologies. So we started, for example, distributing over-the-top in the UK with a product called Sky Player as far back as 2005 I think. Today in all of our markets, we seek to distribute overall technology, so whether it's over the cable networks, through our own Sky Satellite and hybrid systems, through OTT, through mobile networks, all the mobile operators, for example, would carry a service like NOW TV. And the reason is that we want to service most customers who are in all of our markets, and then do that in a complementary way. That's been an effective way that we've continued to deliver sustained growth over time. Now as part of that, we've been testing new ways potentially to get into other markets. We've launched in Spain over the last 12 months. We've just actually – what we just completed in the last quarter at Sky is put in place a new strategic OTT streaming platform, which would allow us to light up any other country very, very quickly. We'll decide as and when is the right time to do that and what's the right brand to use. But I think all of the building blocks from a European point of view are coming in place. And to Steve's point, one of the things we're going to be doing is getting our heads together and thinking more generally now what that might mean.
David Jeremy Darroch: Yeah, Ben, look, I think first of all, to your point, I think one of the reasons we've been so successful working with third parties is I would hope we're a partner that gets it right strategically for others, but also we get the economics right as well, and we understand that any long-term partnership needs to operate at both those levels. And I don't see any reason why we can't continue to do that for our major partners. I think there are a number of things that underpin our position, which means that we're in a good place. I talked a little bit before about our broad distribution model and how we're seeking to monetize each of our markets across all customer segments. And of course, that allows us to create the biggest pool of revenue, which ultimately we can decide to push back to our partners and reward people for staying with Sky. We've developed now an incredible range of content. In my tenure at Sky, that's probably been the single biggest thing that has changed. So the breadth now of content that we have on Sky and via our on-demand service has never been greater. And the good news from our point of view, that gives us a lot of optionality around what we do. So we certainly have got a focus on sort of our key partners that we want to maintain, but there will be others where we can make choices, and we're happy to do that. And as part of that, of course, we've developed our own originated content to a much greater scale, whether that's in drama series or comedy or increasingly actually in local movies. So it gives us the opportunity to create more of that ourselves and create unique European stories that can complement what we do. And thirdly, I think we've got outstanding reach. If you're a partner, there's no better business to get the customers, to showcase your content and to elevate it. And increasingly, we offer other services to partners as well, things like advertising sales, for example. We'll sell advertising on behalf of many of our partners, and that's just a very efficient way for them to tap into Sky and the broader services that we offer. And then the final two things I'd point you to is just our brand and organization. I think we've got the number one brand. We've got a proven track record, I think, of taking other brands and helping them grow. And then we've got a lot of boots on the ground. We've got over 30,000 people directly, probably 0.25 million people indirectly, who can make sure that we're the best business to sell and then keep the product sold. And we know in this sector that being good at selling is only part of it, and managing churn and loyalty and keeping product sold is where you make your money. And we think we're pretty good at that. So we'll see what happens in the future, but I feel that we've got a really incredible set of assets to enable us to navigate this world. And look, the record has to stand for something. I think if you look at our growth over the last 10, 15 years through a variety of technology changes, economic conditions, competitive environments, our businesses continue to grow strongly, and I don't see any reason if we keep doing those things, that will not continue in the future.
David Jeremy Darroch: Sure. I think, Vijay, at this stage, you're going to have to forgive us a little bit. I don't think it's probably too helpful to front-run ideas or giving a running commentary on those. We'll come back I think when we've got something more substantive to say. And what I would say though is, we're connected already. We've had plenty of time to think about this at Sky, so we're well-organized. We've got a clear set of plans now as to how we get into this stuff and start to tease out and explore the bigger ideas and then how we might pursue those. And as Mike said, as they develop and come to fruition, we'll come back and talk to you a bit more about why we think they're great ideas and how we're going to go after them.
David Jeremy Darroch: On broadband, so just specifically, look. Again, I think it falls in the bucket of one of the things that we're going to be looking at. As you said, we've got, we have our own in the UK, just to be clear, we have our own broadband network. It's built around the Canal system actually in the UK. It connects to about 2,500 BT exchanges. We have a very good regulatory environment, which gives us access on cost-based economics, so we get the benefit of a lot of the aging and write-down of that infrastructure, and then we use largely BT's last-mile-to-the-home. In Italy, we're doing a slightly different deal with Enel (1:20:10), who are the state-backed fiber-to-the-premises provider, and they're building out to something like 271, off the top of my head, urban and regional areas in Italy. And so we in a sense from a capability point of view, leapfrog what we've done in the UK, but largely execute the triple play commercial execution that we hold in the UK. So we're very excited about that because it would be a big idea in Italy. And then look, from our point of view, the chance to tap into the capability of this organization in cable broadband communications is a big opportunity for us. So we'll think through those things over the coming months.
