Brian Roberts: Well, thank you, Jessica, for those comments. Why don’t we just go around the horn and why don’t we just go from Dave to Dana to Jeff, and everybody give a crack at their view of the business and a chance for them to introduce themselves on the call here.
Brian Roberts: So, let me start. Dave, why don’t you also feel free to jump in on -- I think Dave gave pretty complete answers on broadband. We do believe that by having the best product, and I think we have that, you’re in the enviable position. And so, we balance constantly looking at new technologies where competitors might be coming over the last, I don’t know, 15 years. We’ve had lots and lots of fiber competition. We’ve had lots of overbuild competition, DSL competition, we’ve added 20 million broadband, it’s an -- over a consistent period of time. And so, I think we know how to compete. We go from market share, and we do that while we’re able to increase the EBITDA and free cash flow from the business. We really focused on the business sector, haven’t talked a lot about that today. They had a great quarter and real momentum as all businesses are reopening. People are rethinking their relationships. And we have the latest, greatest, best technology. And you’ll be hearing a lot, or I think, from our business services unit. In wireless, just to add to all the points Dave made about our focus on mobile, while, yes, we bought some spectrum and we’ll be doing some trials to see how we can offload, and that really will prove to be a cost savings. If we get it right. In dense areas, that whole relationship requires a healthy partnership with a wireless MNO. And in the case of Verizon, we’re really pleased with the partnership restructured it so that we’re able to make these unlimited offerings in a way that continues our profitability March and real value for consumers, and in a way that Verizon is happy that their network is getting used. So, good work to our team that worked hard, and to Verizon’s team who are bringing great offerings to the market with expanding mobile. So, net-net, I think both of those important two products and we now bundle them together, put us in a position to continue to grow and be able to compete with where the world evolves itself.
Brian Roberts: Yes. Thanks. I would say, virtually, all of our programming, the vast majority of our programming is exclusive. The exclusivity of programming is very, very important to us. And it’s not just the traditional exclusivity, whether it’s an S&L or a drama, but it’s the exclusivity of a Rachel Maddow every night on MSNBC or exclusivity of our various sports properties, most notably the Olympics. So, exclusivity is critical when you look at programming, not just in NBC, but across some of the new digital platforms, too. I don’t know if that answers your question, but virtually, all of our programming.
Dave Watson: Thank you, Jessica. This is Dave. Start with -- our focus continues to be maintaining momentum around the connectivity side of the business. So, broadband, residential, commercial is enormously important and a great growth engine for us. So, we’re going to continue to enhance broadband, keep adding to it, speed, control coverage and now streaming, and as you mentioned, mobile. So, we’re going to focus on accelerating mobile and just surrounding broadband with these products. So, that’s going to be -- that’s our strategy, nothing will shake that. And in terms of EBITDA that we are -- we like our -- the recurring revenue aspect of the connectivity business. We like the margins that, that contributes towards. We’re very focused on taking out the transactions that cause customer noise. And so, focusing on digital, focusing on things like self-install kits, those -- all the things that we’ve been talking about will continue. So, I feel very good about our position in the marketplace. So, there’s a lot of upside still in broadband, feel good about mobile and business services.
Dave Watson: Doug, this is Dave. I’ll start. So, our wireless strategy has been very consistent also. And the new unlimited plans are an opportunity for us to improve that value proposition still have by the gig. Now introducing unlimited, I don’t -- it’s not going to be a material shift in investment side. There’ll be some, but not material. It’s just a great addition to the portfolio. And this -- we’ve talked about it, it was important for us to accelerate. We think it’s good for broadband. It is helping broadband. We see the results in terms of churn and it’s just a growth engine for us, period. So really happy about the 278,000 lines, the most line additions in a quarter since we launched. It grew revenue 50%, achieved profitability. So, we’re focused across the board in terms of everything that we said we wanted to do. And this is one piece of it. So, focusing on every sales channel, and this is just going to be consistent with our approach. You’ll probably see a bit more packaging with broadband and mobile, but that’s not really different than anything that we’ve been talking about doing. So, it’s off -- it’s early with the unlimited stuff, but it’s -- we’re very encouraged. But, we like our complete suite of products that we have in the marketplace.
Dave Watson: Sure. Hi, Ben. So, this is a focus for us over the next several years. But overall, our approach, our strategy is to continue to enhance broadband completely. And that you want to have the best overall speeds in the marketplace that go from the house of the business, great WiFi coverage within where people are, control streaming, now mobile is part of the overall solution, and making it all seamless. So, it’s the overall experience that we’re focusing on. But, we continue to improve speeds along the way, we got 20 years in a row, we got constant increases in terms of speeds. And we address both, downstream and upstream. Let me put usage in perspective in terms of what we’ve seen pre-pandemic and most certainly through the pandemic where a network met the moment and then some. But putting usage in perspective, upstream is less than a tenth of downstream. And so, name the application, whether it’s video streaming, whether it’s gaming, host of education applications. Our network, I think, really stood up, as Brian talked about earlier. And so, while our competitors are spending heavily to try to catch up to us, we’ve already -- they’re testing, we’re not standing still. We’ve done 2 gigabits of download speed for testing, symmetrical 1 gig. And so, we have an architecture that I think is going to continue to put us in position to do it in an effective and a very efficient, capital-efficient way. So again, not standing still. So, we feel very good about the long-term architecture because of DOCSIS. DOCSIS 3.1 that we have is a very -- is a strong roadmap that we can deliver. And so, right now, as we sit here, we have 1.2 gigabits deployed throughout our entire footprint. We’ve increased the upstream speed. And so, over time, I think we can address symmetrical issues. But in the near term, the midterm, we are in a very good position. And I do not see an incremental need for upgrade in terms of capital. We constantly invest in the network. This is not something that just happened overnight. We invest all the time and we’re making our infrastructure more efficient as we virtualize things like CMTSs, and we’re just taking cost out of how we deliver this, couple that with the great DOCSIS standard. I think, we’re in a pretty good position. So, broadband, commercial and residential is growing. It’s a great business. We’re going to continue to strengthen our lead position. And I think it’s going to continue to be a great return on investment for us. And we decide to accelerate our plans. Our CapEx intensity might be a little bit higher one year versus the other. But, we’re still going to be in the ballpark of what we’ve been doing. And it’s just not going to be uptick by a material amount. So, I feel very good about our position, and I really like our long-term roadmap.
Dave Watson: Thank you, Craig. So, first, on stimulus. There probably will be some non-pay benefit and we -- and there are a couple of different ways that could play out, but our voluntary churn and non-pay churn have been consistently been running low for the past year and been trending lower pre-pandemic. So, our earlier churn performance was regardless of when stimulus checks were received, but could be some -- a little bit of additional support around that. But, I think, you have to look at the longer term trends. Our performance overall reflects what we’ve been talking about. We’re building a great network and improving the products constantly. So, I think, there could be just a little bit of non-pay support, but again, we’re already doing fairly well there. In regards to wireless, I think, in terms of EBITDA, the new pricing, yes. The way that we think about this, it’s a long-term growth opportunity. Certainly, for broadband, we’ve talked about it. But, when you look at the overall marketplace, you feel -- we feel good about that we’re -- we have a little over 3 million lines, less than 2 million customer relationships, mobile relationships out of a pool of 33 million customer relationships. So, low penetration, lots of runway. So, we always -- and take a look at any of our approaches to key categories. We take a very-disciplined approach towards packaging and improving value. And so, yes, we feel very good about unlimited as part of the portfolio and not changing the strategy or materially the results in terms of ARPU and mobile and the impact towards EBITDA. So, overall, again, Brian mentioned it, we really appreciate, and the Verizon relationship, it’s important for us. And I think we’re good for them, very good for them. And it’s -- so it’s a good win-win for us to be able to add this new set of unlimited to already strong portfolio. So, feel good about our ability to continue to drive healthy EBITDA with it.
Jeff Shell: Hi, Jessica, this is Jeff. And everybody. So, there’s a lot of different places I could pick and choose from NBCUniversal, but let me just talk about two points of leverage that I’m excited about. I think, first of all, as we’ve talked about in previous calls, we really adjusted our cost base across the entire Company during the pandemic. We didn’t do this just to cut cost. We obviously looked at where the business was going and changed our organization, particularly on the TV side, but I’m excited about the business being kind of adjusting the new cost base and as we grow revenue side, that’s going to help. And then, the obvious other one that really was affected and has been affected during the pandemic is our Parks business, which normally is a really, really great business. But obviously, during a pandemic when you close, it’s not a good business. It’s going to be choppy, getting open again as things surge and come back and so forth, but it’s hard not to get excited about our Parks business. So, the demand is there. We’re seeing it in Orlando. We have no international travel yet, which is a significant part of the business, and we still are hitting capacity, the capacity we’ve set for ourselves based on safety protocols every day. Just reopened Hollywood and we’re seeing the same thing in Hollywood. Japan is obviously going back and forth, but we’re excited long-term about that park and then Beijing coming. And the other thing that’s happened during the pandemic is we’ve continued to build attraction. So, we are hitting the front of the market with some pretty exciting attractions in each of our parks. We have Nintendo, which we think is one of the great attractions that we’ve ever built in Japan and come in Beijing as well. We have out in Los Angeles, our new pets attraction, we’re getting stellar reviews and people love it. And then, most excitingly to me, we have a new roller coaster in Orlando called the VelociCoaster and Jurassic roller coaster, which I rode a couple of weeks ago. It is both, spectacular and petrifying. And I think when we open that to the public in June, going to be another driver for our business. So, I’m very excited about the Parks business. And it’s the one business that’s going to come back really strongly from the depth of pandemic.
Jeff Shell: Doug, this is Jeff. So, let me just take the opportunity with your question to maybe spend a minute or two on Peacock and just provide a little bit more granularity and how we’re doing more broadly than your question. So, first of all, we are very pleased with our steady growth on Peacock, and we’re particularly pleased that we chose this business model, which is an ad-supported AVOD model for the business. It was the right decision to pursue that clearly for our Company. Our revenue in that model is a mix of both, subscription revenue and ad revenue. And if you actually break down what drives the ad revenue in the future, it’s really four things we track. The first thing is sign-ups. I think, Brian mentioned in his opening that we reached 42 million sign-ups. This is up 9 million from last quarter. And we’re very pleased not just with that growth, but with a steady growth in that over time as we’ve added things. The second metric is how many of those people who sign up, use the service on a regular basis. We internally use a metric known as MAAs, which I think others in the industry also use, monthly active accounts, that’s how many households actually use it monthly. It’s either -- to be granular, it’s either somebody who pays a household, pays a great subscription fee or somebody who uses it monthly. And by that basis, roughly a third of our sign-ups are by our metrics MAAs. And that -- put that in the context. That is about a third of where Hulu is today. We’ve only been national for less than a year, Hulu’s been 13 years. So, we’re very pleased with how that’s grown steadily. And MAA is the way we track them actually kind of understate the engagement, because there are many people who use it, but just not enough to be an MAA. If you actually made it quarterly assumption, then we’d be up to another $10 million above that number. So, one of the upsides for us is converting those non-MAA sign-ups to MAAs, which we think we’ll do over time. The third metric is usage, which is very strong, double our projections. And to put that in context, the -- an average Peacock MAA is using Peacock more than an average TV viewer is watching NBC. So, we’re very pleased with that. And then finally, how do we monetize those users and usage is the CPM, which gets to your question. We set out, as you mentioned, in the sponsorship model. So, the vast majority of our revenue coming out was set up by 10 charter advertisers. But, we actually are exceeding the guarantees that we made to those advertisers. So, we are already, even this quarter, selling some of the excess inventory on a spot basis. And we’re achieving CPMs that are equal or in some cases, above what we’re getting on NBC Prime, which is our gold standard. That’s very encouraging. And to answer your question, in Q4 of this year, that’s when the sponsorship deals roll off and we start selling all of our inventory on a spot basis, but we’re in early stages of the upfront right now. So, we’re already starting to talk to advertisers about making upfront commitments that include Peacock. Let me just mention one other thing. All of this success is without most of the programming that we anticipated. We anticipated launching with the Olympics. We have not had -- we have two Olympics in the next seven months. We’re going to do some pretty exciting things on Peacock with our Olympics programming. And then, even though we’re back in production, as Mike mentioned or Brian mentioned on 30 shows right now, most of those have not hit Peacock yet. So, the strength of our original programming that we have planned to launch with is really coming in future quarters. So, very encouraged by Peacock going forward, very steady growth so far, and we’re confident about the future.
Jeff Shell: Yes. Thanks, John. Let me take them in order. So first of all, we’re really thrilled to continue our NFL relationship. That was an important one for us. The NFL really kind of encompasses what we want in sports rights. It is obviously very important for our traditional business, number one show in prime time for over a decade and with our Al and Cris, and now Drew Brees and Mike Tirico and our talent, we’re -- that is a very important tent-pole for our existing business. At the same time, as the business evolves and moves to streaming and on demand, that deal also gave us a lot of content that now we can use on Peacock and our other platforms, whether it’s simulcast of games and exclusive games or additional rights to show highlights and other footage. It’s really the perfect deal with the premier sports in the U.S. So, that really is kind of our model. The Olympics is the same thing where we have rights to use content across multiple platforms; same thing with golf, which is an important tent-pole for us. And we’ll continue to be aggressive and look for sports that not only we can get for a price that we think we can get a return on, but also properties where we can drive usage, both linear and digital. And WWE is kind of the perfect one on that, where we were able to take a franchise that was already important to us on USA and our linear networks and extended across in the Peacock in a way that’s been very successful. So, we’re thrilled with our portfolio now. We’ll continue to be opportunistic we find opportunities that match all those things. Turning to Peacock spending. I think, it’s important to recognize that we really have -- and Mark Lazarus has laid this out pretty well. We want to build our television business to match what consumers are doing. Consumers are watching content across a variety of different platforms, not just linear, not just streaming, but lots of different ways. And our spending really should be looked at in that context, not just what we’re discretely spending on Peacock, but what we’re spending across our whole portfolio. And when you look at that, we match up pretty well versus our competitors. And with Peacock, we actually don’t -- as I mentioned earlier, we don’t even have the benefit of most of the spending that we had planned because of the production delays with COVID. So, at the moment, we’re pretty pleased with the content we have on Peacock and the content that’s coming in future days. And as I said before, with the success of Peacock, and I think Brian mentioned this in opening, we have a lot of options going forward, and we’ll continue to watch the way the world changes and how our product evolves, and we’ll evaluate those options.
