Neil Smit: Hi, Ben, it’s Neil. I think the churn has been a key driver of Q2 results. But over the last year and half the churn numbers improved every month year-over-year and part of it is driven by the S1 deployment where we're seeing about 30% less voluntary churn. Part of it is driven by the fact that we're getting a higher percentage of our customer’s on contract. It's more than double year-over-year and I think we're getting better quality customers and retaining them longer is the real story.  How far can that go remains to be seen. We're going to keep on driving our X1, we are targeting our segments better, we're doing better on non-pay disconnect, we are just I think managing the customer relationship more effectively and I think because all the work we're putting into customer experience is paying off. It's each initiative is kind of additive and it's really effecting the churn number over time.
Neil Smit: On that, I think this quarter we did shift to more double plays and triple plays, I think that unaffected phone. If you look at Broadband for the first half of the year it’s right on what we did in the first half of last year. So we don’t think there’s any big macro change in our approach but each quarter can vary a little bit. I would just add on the churn point, I also am excited by the innovation roadmap that we have around X1, around the customer experience, around the stream product, around the EA games and more things in the labs. So I think we’re -- each quarter it gets a little better and we’re pleased that this was the best second quarter in video in nine years. 
Neil Smit: Well, I think we've completed with both AT&T and Direct for a number of years. We feel very good about our broadband network and then as Brian mentioned in his comments we will be rolling out for market trial DOCSIS 3.1 in Q4. We continue to pull fiber deeper as we roll out our business services network and that strengthens the residential network as well. I think we will be ready to complete our fiber, as we think about new households, we pull fiber directly to the new households, we are in the beginning of the development and we're also pulling fiber to the premise in some of the large MDU complexes. So we feel good about our network going forward, we continue to increase Steve, I think we're -- as we mentioned the numbers were year-to-date the same as the numbers last year and which will get about our ongoing…
Neil Smit: Yeah. I’ll just add Brian that this is a great example of how our cloud-based technology is enabling us to innovate at a faster pace and target-specific segments such as you mentioned.
Neil Smit: Marci, it's Neil. On the stream product we didn't have to pay any additional programming rights for this product, stream’s a title six service that's delivered to you, that customer’s [indiscernible] enabled gateway and it's covered under our existing contracts. It's not an OTC service. Concerning the voice number, we did focus a little bit more on double-play this quarter which also reduced the churn. But it's always a blend of what's the right offer is for the right customer base at any time and kind of as Mike mentioned our double-play customers grew to 69% and our triple-play are also up to 37%. So we are increasing both. It's just a matter of balancing the mix.
Brian L. Roberts: I think let me jump in, if I might. Again thank you for the nice comments but I think we have a superior product. When you take the totality of our triple play offerings but a lot of that is broadband, Wi-Fi, the infotainment [ph] Wi-Fi and it’s important that we continue to have a great network and have superior products, that is core what we’re about. And DOCSIS 3.1 combined with -- we’ve now fully encrypted the entire company. So we keep reclaiming bandwidth, we apply it to broadband, we split nodes, we pull fiber deeper, we use DOCSIS 3.1 which will be a quantum leap forward, we believe not just linear and allow you to go to the kind of speeds you’re talking about. In fact as you know we have a two gigabit product that we’re using as our business services, our residential kind of converge in terms of where these fibers go. So this is top of mind. We think we have an exciting roadmap. It doesn’t require us to go out and rebuild things, but to continually improve things. We’ve increased speeds 13 times and we envision doing that, we hope into the future and remaining in a very, very strong position. But it’s a competitive market, as we’ve always said and we’re learning to compete better all the time and we’re very prepared to compete into the future.
Brian L. Roberts: Look there’s a little of everything in the real world, and we’re dealing in millions of units every quarter. So but I think we’re encouraged as Neil said by these results and by not just this quarter but by several years where we’ve had improving results. The stream product is extension of a couple of things. One we have a college product, university product that we’re very excited about and is doing well, that it’s attracting to younger consumers. We have a broadband product as I just got finished saying that we’re extremely proud of and excited by -- have more broadband customers than we do video customers, and what can we do with the mind shift of selling people broadband and then introducing them to video, whether there are university student or someone that wants a different kind of product and maybe not even set-top box but a way to get started with all their mobile devices.  And so I think it’s we’re doing couple of markets this year, it’s not going to be something you’re going to see meaningful results from in the near future, but it’s very exciting to be able to have a range of products and then to have a platform to upsell consumers from, which we’ve had great results doing this with our Internet plugs and other examples where, when you have that relationship with the consumer. And another thing that our technical teams are excited about and our customer experience team, is this product’s going to kind of just work. You just got to turn on your device and boom, you’re going to be receiving the video, the authentication, all the things we’ve been talking about and customers -- and we get to chance to start new from a mobile device is going to work faster and easier to introduce people to a relationship with us.  So we’re using it also to drive some of those improvements on just the onboarding experience and then the ability to upsell in a seamless, frictionless way. So lot of reasons to like the product and it’s a part of the whole play of just having a range of offerings which is very, very different mindset then where we were several years ago.
Brian L. Roberts: Vijay, concerning the usage-based pricing trials, we actually we do have a few trials going on in different markets. The responses have been neutral to slightly positive. We don't have any plans on expanding that to other market/bases anytime too. 
Brian L. Roberts: Neil, I think I can take that, maybe finish the call. Feel free to jump in if I don't cover it. I don't think that your facts are right on the NBC Comcast timing. But we're not going to go into more detail than that. But I can say that one of the things that’s worked really well is how well the company is working together and that's one of the points that I want to end on which is this combined portfolio of incredible companies, first half of the year and the second quarter we couldn't be more pleased, really broad-based results and as we talked a lot about NBCUniversal, but also within cable broadband video results, just really pleased with the start to the year.  I think our innovation in products including stream, but also being able to say that we nearly doubled, now the cash flow with NBCUniversal since the acquisition in 2009 is a terrific achievement and we believe we can lead innovation in the cable industry and do well by content companies and help both work together and that's what we're doing. We're shifting our focus to addition innovation to real focus on the service customer experience, that's going to take years. One of my comments is some of the questions that got asked would be this is going to take a long time to see some of the results but we are going to stay the course.  And I think we feel that the transition with our Chief Financial Officers has gone extremely well and we didn't miss a beat here and we're exciting by Michael's new venture and building value for our shareholder through creative opportunities. But there are priorities to continue to find profitable growth, return capital to shareholder and to keep the company in a strong position in a sustainable way, that has -- we've been doing since Ralph started the company 51 years ago. So thank you all for your support and we'll see in the third quarter.
