Brian Roberts: Thanks, Ben. Let me just start and then kick it to Mike. Given his new job, I'm looking for him to help on those capital allocation questions quite a bit. But I think the bar is the highest it's been in terms of M&A. Obviously, cost of capital has gone up and we think our stock is attractive and have increased the buyback as Mike just said, we announced both in actions this quarter and in our Board authorization. So, we feel really great about that opportunities to look at things, but we really like the company we've got. Mike, why don't you do that? Dave can talk about DOCSIS 4.
Brian Roberts: And just one other point to add, you know, long-term or longer term, I continue to believe broadband is so critical. It's such an important dynamic part of our society and it's changing all the time, and people want the best. And the best is experience. It's speed, it's innovation, it's service and that's what we're really focused on and we've been that way. And I think it's why we have the number one position today and we want to retain that. 
Brian Roberts: Okay. Dave, why don't you start on innovation and I'll add at the end? I think it's a great question.
Brian Roberts: I'll just quickly add that post the pandemic, it's pretty exciting to walk through the technology center and see people back at work and the energy and buzz. But I think of ourselves as a unique media and technology company and we're focused on this sector. We view the competition has changed. It includes the tech companies on the West Coast and we have been looking to add to that scale. And I think we made real progress in the last 12 months for things like our voice remote which for those who have it, whether you're using it for a streaming service or for a video bundle, were to now do other things and look up your account and many other aspects of how voice is deeply embedded in all of our products on Sky Glass globally. We now have between Sky, the new Charter arrangement previous deals with Cox and all of Canadian operators are virtually all a roadmap for innovation. And I think as we look forward to the company that's what's going to keep powering what Mike was talking about the virtuous cycle of investment and return. So, we're all mindful of the economy and the world that we live in, but we have a pretty unique company. And this is a big part of what I think will make it more unique in the future is to continue to try to innovate. So, glad you asked that question. 
Brian Roberts: Very fair. I think let me just start and I'll let my colleagues join in. The way we're trying to manage the company and we said this several years ago, which was a shift was we saw a change coming and we tried to think like a customer and think like the consumer. And we've learned I -- at least think I've tried to learn from other successes with that mentality. And the consumers many consumers didn't want the big video package. And so what -- we can fight that or we can try to embrace it. And so our leadership in broadband was the first evidence of okay let's try to embrace it. Let's put Netflix on X1 going back several years. And more people I think in a Comcast market view Netflix via X1 than any other device. I think that's still relatively true, Dave you can comment on that. Our voice remote integrated all of Netflix's content and along came many others. Let's just jump to Apple most recently. I think we have the best integration in the world of Apple TV+ on our consumer devices. Over on the content side at NBCUniversal that create -- that change allowed us to create content for Netflix or Amazon or Apple many others. We own one-third of Hulu. So when we bought the company, all of our content was committed to Hulu in the streaming -- much of our content. As we've discussed that relationship's in -- changed and much of it is now back on Peacock. And Peacock has only been out there for a couple of years and super successful and a great quarter. And congratulations to all of NBCUniversal and the Peacock team for the results this quarter in my opinion. And we came up with a different model since we were starting at a different time and ad-centric low cost to the consumer. So again it's back thinking from the consumer's perspective, how do we fit in and how do we do so on a profitable long-term value-creating way. And so the results you're seeing this quarter, I mean if you look at last year, last year was our best year in EBITDA and our best year in EPS in the 60 years Comcast has been in business. And we're on pace to do better in this year than last year. So I think we have a good model, but it starts with thinking from the customer. And so the shift in video, we got to a place where we're actually somewhat indifferent. What the consumer prefers we want to be for the customer. And then if they're now taking our mobile product, they're getting an even better value. And if they're taking Peacock, they're getting an even continued relationship with NBC if they've changed how they're consuming. So I think we're in a very unique playing offense in a very changing world in a way that continues to yield great results for the company. 
Dave Watson: Hey, Doug. Let me -- so, piggyback on what Mike was saying in regards to the hurricane really remarkable. We have just amazing teammates that respond to these moments. It's just incredible. I think it's a testament to how we run the business. We run it very locally. And so our teammates live and work in these communities which we serve. And so, they were positioned to get to work almost immediately even when in some cases, they're personally dealing with situation. So we've started rebuilding and repairing right away. It's a pretty big area of impact for us in Florida. It's about -- in terms of just sizing, it seasonally, it's about half of our seasonal activity that was impacted by this hurricane. So, when you look at it, I think Mike mentioned in terms of the overall impact on subs with -- have that kind of impact that will be negative in terms of broadband. But when you look at the underlying business, I think we're around the same as where we were in Q3. The conditions are similar in that regard. So, in terms of fiber, in terms of DOCSIS that in state, I think we have all the benefits of DOCSIS the roadmap that we have. And in terms of the customer experience, in terms of multi-gig speeds that are symmetrical and the roadmap that we have I don't really see a difference. And by the way, we build a lot of fiber into our network today. And we were able with this architecture to feather in fiber to be able to serve MDUs directly where needed. And so we just have the flexibility within DOCSIS to pull fiber deeper as needed. And so, we actually provide a significant amount of fiber today already. But we really don't to -- it minimizes as I mentioned Doug earlier the need to change out a bunch of CapEx. But I really like the roadmap to get to multi-gig symmetrical over the long run. And to me that puts us right there and do it in a ubiquitous way where other network providers are having to pick and choose how they get to certain communities. We serve every community with our every tier of broadband that we have.
Dave Watson: Hey, Craig, Dave. So let me start with where we're at right now with mobile and I'll talk about spectrum. We really like our trajectory in mobile. Obviously, we had a record-setting net add quarter. And so we like our capital-light approach. We like our position what we're able to do competitively, how we surround broadband. With mobile we get to play offense. And we also get to package mobile with business services. Business services in small business is in the market now with mobile and having -- it's early, but having great success out of the gates with that. So when you combine By the Gig with new unlimited pricing that we have and then compare it against the telephone companies, we can help customers save up to 50% in some cases. So it's -- we're well positioned to compete with mobile today. But -- and as I said so we really like our position the capital light that we have. But we do view providing enhanced 5G connectivity service areas where we have a high concentration of traffic as a very good potential opportunity. So we've always been opportunistic. Today Wi-Fi is a part of how we look at managing our network. Most of the traffic goes over Wi-Fi today. So we look at the spectrum whether it's CBRS or 600 megahertz spectrum as a good opportunity. So there's nothing new really to talk about, but we're testing. And we've talked about that before. We're working closely with Charter on modeling out the potential in these high dense traffic areas and what the savings could be. But no new news at this point Craig in terms of specific modeling opportunities. But we do look at it as a potential opportunity down the road. 
Dave Watson: Well, good question. And part of it is our results. You look at our results consistently that we've had in a very competitive environment, we've been dealing with very intense competitive activity for a long time now. We've had fiber overbuild now over -- just over 40% new competitive entrants. And so we've been able to -- and part of the reason why, I think, we do perform well and we have a balanced approach in terms of share and ARPU is we serve every segment and we break it down by every segment. So we had healthy ARPU growth of 3.7% in Q3. And we look at the opportunities to focus on tier mix as an opportunity. So starting with HSD-only and then how we package. And we surround again we leverage mobile to do some of the lifting in terms of value and focusing on broadband ARPU there. We take a very balanced approach towards rates. We do have rate increases that we manage through. And we've had -- segmentation is part of our acquisition plan but it's also part of our retention plan. We have -- we model out retention opportunities by segment. And so we've been very disciplined, I think, in terms of all these things. And so it's an opportunity for us to drive both share and balance ARPU growth. We've been doing it over a very long time. And we anticipate competition to be very substantial. And -- but we also look at the road map that we have and being able to leverage mobile and other services. And so we like our position. We've always taken a balanced approach towards ARPU and share. 
Dave Watson: I'll start. This is Dave. The -- I anticipate the changing nature of video to continue. We've anticipated it. We've looked at this. We've been able to manage through it and the focus on multiple growth drivers for us in terms of broadband, business services, mobile events. But we also have looked at video as a broad platform opportunity. So, yes, we've had the fluid nature of video putting pressure on the more mature tiers of video service, but we've also offset a substantial part of that through Flex. We've invested in the ability to do smart TV thanks -- the joint venture with Charter is an opportunity. So we view video as an opportunity long-term as a platform. So we will continue to focus on that. And I think that will balance both things. But we've navigated through I think this before but I don't see it changing. 
Dave Watson: Yeah, it is Jessica. So this is -- this facility is a big part not the only part, but a big part of how we think about long-term growth and innovation. And so it really -- when you think about the teams over there it culturally has changed the company I think in terms of getting multiple groups multiple teams together to work on exciting projects that literally changes categories. And if you look at video what we -- the question before you go from the linear video delivery system to a broad-based platform on multiple devices. This innovation happened with teams over there being able to change broadband and to tie in WiFi and to be able to do it for residential and business services and being able to deliver leading gateway devices and the road map that I talked about from mid-split to DOCSIS 4.0 happened over there. In addition, the teams are changing the customer experience there as well and very focused on digital and what is possible to be able to help customers do everything over any device. And so, you look at where things are going the Internet of Things being able with devices and cameras being able to tie everything together. This is where these teams are focused on what's possible. So, it really has been game changing in terms of what we've been doing.
Dave Watson: Hey, John, so look we – as Brian mentioned, one of the core growth drivers for us is business services. I'm really glad you asked about it because the team is doing an outstanding job. When you look at our performance in business services, we outperformed all competitors and peers. It really is a very interesting long-term consistent performance from our group. Bill Stemper and the team have really done a terrific job. And we're generating now approaching $10 billion in annual revenue and have a great opportunity to grow further. So it's high margins. And you look at the addressable marketplace, we're serving less than – we have less than 20% share of our addressable marketplace of $50 billion in our footprint. So you break it down SMB, we are – along with share and very focused on that but we're also very focused on the corollary to what we talked about early in residential is ARPU. And we focus both share and revenue and with WiFi, enhanced WiFi for small business customers, wireless backup, cameras security and now mobile. So we have a strong portfolio to go up against the telephone companies with and it's working. So very balanced approach towards growth. In mid-market and enterprise, it is a key long-term growth opportunity. And there it's more sophisticated applications like SD-WAN, enhanced security and UCaaS, the advanced unified messaging. So – and Masergy has just been a terrific addition, giving us international scale in being able to help us with certain applications. So no specifics beyond that but it really is a very important part of our business and they're doing a terrific job. 
