Brian Roberts: Thanks, Marci. I'd like to start by wishing all of you well, and I hope that you are safe and settled in for what feels like a new normal, at least for the balance of this year. While none of us has a perfect crystal ball and we don't know the path this virus might take, I could really not be prouder of how our teams across Comcast Cable, NBCUniversal and Sky are together managing our business. The response has been extraordinarily fast and effective. Our products and brands continue to resonate strongly with our customers across all segments and all geographies. This, combined with the unwavering efforts of our employees, produce second quarter financials that highlight the strength and resilience of our company. It starts with Xfinity, the core of the company, whose fantastic results continue to be fueled by our best-in-class broadband business, which experienced record low churn for yet another quarter while connects remained healthy. The consistency of these results confirm that our strategy and corresponding investments are working. We offer differentiated products and services and a fantastic customer experience, all of which we are delivering even more efficiently. Considering that NBCU and Sky are facing certain pressures that are momentary and unique to some of their businesses, I think we are performing incredibly well. Despite theme park and theater closures and most sports having been paused, we continue to transact. And more importantly, we are innovating as we position these businesses for continued market leadership and the return to strong long-term growth. From a broader perspective, Comcast is truly in an enviable position. We have an amazing portfolio of companies that are each successfully taking advantage of the evolving ecosystem, and together, creating complementary capability, technology platform and a global footprint. All of this is led by our extremely flexible and robust broadband network, which is the foundation of our connectivity-centric relationship with residential/commercial customers and heavily supports our other services, including video aggregation and mobile. With NBCU and Sky, we have some of the most valuable global content, whether it's news, entertainment or sports. And we are leaning into streaming. This starts with what is now our valuable 1/3 ownership position in Hulu and is enhanced with Peacock, our own ad-supported service whose nationwide launch earlier this month exceeded our high expectations. In fact, as of today, we already have 10 million sign-ups. With these and many other drivers of growth, I am so excited about where we are headed. While our second quarter results were better than we previously forecasted, the reality is they only represent a 90-day snapshot. In the months ahead, there's going to be a lot of noise, if you will, in the quarterly numbers, which will not be unique to Comcast. As usual, we will continue to be transparent so as to help you navigate the near-term complexities of our business. But we also want to provide a deeper understanding into what I believe is the underlying strength of our company and how we're managing each business for the long term beyond the effects of COVID. For that reason, we have changed the format of this call and have asked Dave, Jeff and Jeremy to comment in more detail about their plans for the future, specifically how they intend to tackle both the different challenges and opportunities that lie ahead. They will then be followed by Mike, who will take you through our second quarter results. As you'll hear, we're playing offense, working together like never before and using our combined capabilities, our scale, our brands, our talent, our technology and our investment-grade balance sheet to ensure that we remain a leader in our markets and that we deliver superior long-term value for our shareholders. With that, I'd like to start with Dave.
Brian Roberts: I just want to add one thing. This is Brian. But I think you were touching on, obviously, a critical set of subjects here. The company is really trying to lean into streaming. And we are, I think, somewhat uniquely positioned to do this in ways different. Obviously, we're a very EBITDA-focused company, and there are other ways to build new businesses and enhance our strong cash flows. And so if you look at what you just heard, Flex is all about helping broadband, but we've been able to put Peacock as a very important part of it. Now we're going to have more streaming of films. We use NOW TV, a technology from Sky and they're already streaming relationships. So we want to remain relevant to customers so that user interface, part of the answer on Flex, allows you to stream across many properties that aren't Comcast content or NBCUniversal or Sky content. It's, we think, the best interface around. And that same team is part of that team is helping build Peacock with Matt Strauss and other people. So I'm pretty excited that as the world is transitioning, broadband is the center of making a lot of that possible. And now we can bolt on a whole bunch of content and interfaces and hopefully do that in a way that customers really enjoy, and that's what's been happening so far.
Brian Roberts: Okay. And finally on that question, I'm really pleased with, first of all, Mike's leadership during this and the team that reports to him and many others at corporate for how well we've handled all the uncertainties. And our balance sheet strength and liquidity are really, really speak for themselves, and I'm very satisfied there. I think the restructuring that you're hearing about is about the businesses, as Jeff and Jeremy both talked about. I think to reinforce how well our broadband business is performing and the cable company, we're always looking at can we reduce expenses and can we be more efficient in how we run the company. That's definitely always top of mind, but I think we have all the parts. I think we're taking advantage of this transition. Some parts of it are uncomfortable, for sure. But for the most part, our company is getting better. And I think, going to be one of the emerges one of the winners of the New Age. And a lot of that is giving customers more flexibility to do and see what they want. And as Jeremy just said, this is happening all over the world. And I'm really pleased with how well it's been put together. And we wanted everybody on this call to hear even more detail from the three operating businesses so you can see how well they're working together and how they're tackling the challenges ahead at corporate. We're helping create the environment for that to happen. I hope that answers your question.
Brian Roberts: I just want to just add that I hope you've enjoyed the format of this call, particularly at this time. We wanted to talk about not only the 90 days but really how we're running the company. I couldn't be more pleased with the team and the progress. And we're also things we didn't touch on were some of our social commitments. There's a lot of just quality to thought that has gone into how do you handle pandemics such as this and how do you position the company for the future and try to do the right thing in the moment. So thanks for your support and the questions, and we're available to do follow-up. Marci, back to you.
Dave Watson: Ben, this is Dave. I'll start off and then hand it over to Jeff. So as you said, the broadband we think we've redefined what great broadband is, and it goes beyond speed. And it's helped our momentum, I think, quite a bit. For many quarters now, we've grown. And as everything has changed here the fundamentals, I think, of this repositioning of the category that hasn't changed. So we're the market is growing. We're taking share across the board. And in addition to speed, we're very focused on coverage, control, and as you said, now with streaming and Flex. So we made it simple, a very straightforward value proposition with Flex included with the broadband relationship. And we're using it, again, to remind everyone, in a targeted basis to go after the streaming segment. But we're not bashful about leading with it to this segment. So it is very much part of the broadband experience. And it's still early, but as I said in my earlier comments that it really does it's a result of the innovation around X1, with all the capability: the voice for remote, the metadata integration that takes all of these different apps and combines them and makes it easier for the consumer. So it's early, so we're not giving out the specifics in terms of the actual monthly users, but I would tell you, it's very encouraging. Customer feedback just in terms of the experience has been really strong. And so we look at this as a very broad platform that helps this particular segment as we segment the different base. So I think it's a catalyst for broadband. We designed it to, I think, help broadband retention. Early results point towards that. And we do think the way that we define success over time will be engaged Flex users, people that are just on it and using it. And for those customers that are very active, the consumption is very good on this platform and will act as a substantial offset to some of the video losses. So we're real pleased with the start of Flex. More to come over time.
Dave Watson: Doug, Dave. I'll start and hand it over to Jeff. So the 600,000 customers reflects a combination of free Internet essentials customers and a reserve that we set up for the high-risk customers that are in a non-pay status but are still receiving service. So there to answer your question, there was some of that happened in Q1. It rolled into Q2 and probably a bit more in Q2 than Q1 for sure. And to clarify what we said and Mike said earlier in the remarks, we're only going to count these customers when they convert to paying status. So we have a very good operational plan. We're going to constantly work with customers throughout, including these customers. So it's early to predict the conversion rate, but that's just a little bit more perspective on that base.
Dave Watson: Craig, Dave here. So I think as people know, we decided not to participate in this round of the rural digital opportunity fund. And the main reason was in this round, there are relatively few adjacent rural areas to offset the additional regulatory costs associated with the auction, including submitting to ETC status in any states where bids are successful. So however, at the same time, we continue to pursue, as you mentioned, the edge expansion to new areas. If you go back and you look at expansion, which includes edge extensions but also areas of pockets within our footprint, we've increased more than two million passings. And so that's resulted in it's helping us with customer relationship growth and a number of things. So we're very focused on the logical, efficient expansions. We'll continue to address opportunities in rural as they come up over time. So in Business Services, yes, switching gears there, we are seeing encouraging trends, as mentioned earlier, and small business, particularly in the states that have reopened. The customer losses that we incurred in Q2 were absolutely within our expectations. And the good news is that the level of losses has moderated and connects are rebounding. So it's a overall, we are encouraged with the current activity. And when you break it down a little bit further and you look at, well, what segments within SMB are impacted, you have bars and restaurants that were part of the mix, but they're not the majority, not close to the majority. We have a very Bill Stemper and his team have done a really nice job over the years, building a robust, diverse, small business customer base. So as people come back, I think we're really well positioned. We have local operations, the region level, that are ready to help our clients out. And so we'll cut across the board. So it's we're still the challenger. As I said before, we're going to help customers when they come back. And again, that connect level of activity is what we're focused on. And we do think, just to clarify, that the subscriber losses that we incurred during the second quarter will have a more meaningful impact on the financials as we move to the back half of the year. And as Mike mentioned earlier, revenue is likely to moderate a little bit from the growth we saw in Q2. But we're really pleased with the rebound in connects.
Dave Watson: John, so on the margin side, the non-programming OpEx, we're really the fundamentals have not shifted. There has been an acceleration, for sure, during the COVID period and where there's just a lot of different approaches towards digital and things like self-installed kit, the tools that we're using that are going to, I think, be long-lasting for us. We've learned it a lot. Our field teams have done an extraordinary job in terms of the deployment of the new protocols and the approaches. So I think what we're seeing an ongoing, we saw it before COVID, reduction and reduction in transactional activity as we started digital some time ago. And so this is an acceleration of all of that. So we're going to continue to prioritize the network and key innovation efforts around digital. So I think that in terms of how you look at margin, I think there's still upside. And so we see a moment in time where there's an acceleration. You can't comment completely on the future exactly where that will go. But I think the learnings will serve us well, and we're just going to keep at it. And as much noise that we could take out of the system and just taking out unnecessary transactions, I think that is one of the fundamental keys that are is toward margin. In regards to the second point on Flex and Sling, let me again remind you and everyone that Flex, in and of itself, again comes with broadband. We're going after the streaming segment. We use it in a targeted way to go after these customers. So I think there's a fair amount of activity that the streaming segment has, that they're looking at a bunch of options. We want to give customers more choice. And so our goal is to provide the best video experience. I think we are uniquely positioned to participate, as Brian said, in the streaming world. Great broadband with Peacock but others like Sling and that I think that this is the first one. We'll evaluate on a case-by-case basis the other virtual operators, and we'll see how that goes. But we're going to continue to be clear to we're going to invest in X1. We look at X1 and Flex as a very broad video platform that for today, I think, helps us compete, as I said, with certain video segments with X1, and most certainly, the streaming segment with broadband and Flex and partners like Sling and many others. We've added Hulu. We've added a whole bunch of people. We look forward to adding CBS All Access, HBO Max later that we talked about. So we're going to have a wide variety of partners that will be on Flex and X1. And for us, yes, we're going to break down the segments, and they'll be very focused on providing the best video and broadband platform experience in the market.
Jeff Shell: Thanks, Dave. Let me jump in on the question on the AMC deal, Ben. So a couple of implications. I think long term, the we've always believed that there is a segment of the population out there going, and there's a segment of the population out there that just doesn't go to movie theaters. And this structure with AMC allows us to take advantage of people who do go to movie theaters, 17 days of exclusivity at minimum for theaters. But very soon after in the same marketing window, we can tap into that very large audience that doesn't go to movie theaters and right now is just going to SVOD to watch movies. So and that's within the kind of the marketing window of the giant marketing we spend traditionally on movies that go to theatrical. So we think the structure allows us to tap into that incremental revenue stream, allowing AMC to share in a little bit and other exhibitors, and at the same time, preserve that theatrical window, which is so critical to the film business. As you mentioned, it's U.S. only, although we have a deal with AMC to look into other international territories. And obviously, this is going to be a territory. We had territory type of look at this. We still need theatrical and need different business models in other markets. Shorter term, one of the implications of this, I'm hoping, is that we currently are stuck in a bit of a chicken-and-the-egg situation in the theatrical business, where movie studios like ours don't want to release movies into theaters when we will have only a smattering of theaters open. We need a pretty robust amount of theaters open to justify our spend. But the booth side exhibitors can't open a bunch of theaters that they don't have any new movies to put in. Old library movies are not going to drive people to movie theaters. So we think this model will actually allow movies to come back to theaters when it's safe a lot more quickly than they would have in the current environment. So those are just some implications.
Jeff Shell: Let me jump in. This is Jeff. Yes, let me jump in on PVOD, Doug. So what was happening to the movies, movies are obviously critical across our whole distribution channel. Movie consumption on Peacock, for example, has been higher than we thought it would be and really across all of our platforms. So as things transition, as Brian talked about, the streaming movies are life. But the problem is that over the last couple of years, it's been more increasingly difficult to generate the same returns over the first couple of windows, and that has put a lot of pressure on our model. So I we believe that this new model in the U.S. and hopefully other places will restore some of those economics for us to allow us to probably not make more movies but to keep our production levels the same as they've been in the past. While at the same time remember, AMC and hopefully other exhibitors will be sharing in the new revenue stream, which will hopefully keep their business a little healthier because they're under a lot of stress right now. And on the 17 days, that is 17 days is means the Monday after the third weekend is when movies will be available on PVOD at a minimum. It's important to remember that, that's a minimum. So I fully anticipate some movies will stay in theaters exclusively a lot longer than 17 days if we're having a good theatrical run. And some movies, for example, King of Staten Island with Judd Apatow is a perfect example of the kind of movie that can thrive in this kind of model because it would do well theatrically. But for most people, watching it at home is another option, and that would be a movie that 17 days, probably a normal time, would be the right period of time. So 17 days is just the minimum, and we can toggle that based on the type of movie.
Jeff Shell: Jessica, this is Jeff. I'll start and maybe hand it over. So the Olympics right now is a bit of a bummer because we would be in Tokyo right now under normal circumstances. So it's a total bummer for our company that we don't have the Olympics right now. But for Peacock, it's a bit of a silver lining for next year. And you got to remember, not only will we have the Olympics in the summer of 2021 in Tokyo, but then we'll have the Winter Olympics seven months later in Beijing. So we have two Olympics. And Mark Lazarus and the people back in their team are currently working on lots of different things that we can do to innovate on those Olympics and use the Peacock product, which by then will be even more distributed to do some really innovative and cool things on the Olympics, so in addition to promoting it, obviously. So, I actually am very excited. And I think with Peacock's successful launch this year without the Olympics, having the Olympics back-to-back next year and early '22 is really great for Peacock. Just on your other question on Peacock. We don't anticipate, whether Peacock or otherwise, windows changing down the line after this kind of theatrical PVOD window. And I think that the Peacock losses that I think Mike has outlined in the previous earnings call are were right exactly within that range. So we don't anticipate anything different in the next two years. Over to Dave or Jeremy now.
Jeff Shell: Yes, Phil. Yes, yes. So thanks, Mike. I don't have anything to add on the RSN side. On the Peacock side, Phil, it's confusing because it's different in the ad-supported world obviously than the SVOD world. And there's really three different metrics: there's sign-ups, there's monthly active accounts, and there's monthly active users. I have seen people use all of them. Monthly active account is obviously household, whereas users, sometimes there's more than one user per household. The guidance we gave at the Investor Day was monthly active accounts, MAAs. And the 10 million we're talking about today is sign-ups. And the way sign-ups kind of convert to MAAs is how many people come back and how long do they use it? And since a lot of our users are in the last couple of weeks, as we've rolled out nationally, it's too early to actually convert that, but as Mike said, across the board were better than expectations. We didn't expect these many sign-ups. We didn't expect people to come back as frequently as they're coming back. And we didn't expect people to watch as long as they're watching once they come back. So we're very encouraged. It's early days, but we're very encouraged as we look forward on our Investor Day guidance.
