Brian Roberts: Thanks Jason, and good morning everyone. I’d like to just emphasize a couple of points. As I think about the year, it’s hard not to be really proud of what we’ve accomplished. 2023 was the best financial year in our 60-year history, and we already have nice momentum in 2024. As Mike and Jason just outlined, we have a unique company that is incredibly well positioned. We always try to think about and invest for the long term, particularly across the six key growth drivers.  What’s also important is that in 2023 alone, we returned $16 billion in capital to our shareholders. As you just heard, it’s the 16th straight year that we just raised our dividend - that’s consistency. When you put this all together, we have a great team - that’s always most important to me, and we’re making the right adjustments to our businesses to position us to win, grow, and continue to return capital to shareholders. While there may be speculation on what we could do next, I’d like you to hear it directly from me: I love the company we have, so the bar continues to be even higher for us to do anything other than the plan you heard today.  I want to thank all our employees for a great 2023 as they continue to execute at the highest level. With that, let me hand it over to Marci to take all your questions.
Brian Roberts: I just want to say that we thank the NFL for having the confidence in picking our total company to carry this out. The entire industry cooperated and participated, and it was a very proud moment for, I think, the U.S. internet industry. It worked flawlessly, and I think it’s just another proof point of all the investments that have been made. Thank you again, we’ll see how the results all turn out, but we’re really, really pleased.
Brian Roberts: One thing I would add - it’s Brian - on Epic, just to touch on that part of the question. It’s completely original. It maybe the most exciting project, I’ve seen since we bought NBC-Universal getting built. I think it’s the first new entire theme park in decades in the U.S., and we’re so excited, we’re taking the board of directors to see the construction in the next couple of weeks, which is something we haven’t ever done before. So, I think you’ll all want to be there. Sometime, I think ’23 and ’24, are the peak CapEx years for the construction. We expect to open in ’25, and I give Mark Woodbury and the entire team at Universal incredible kudos to coordinate something of this scale and magnitude that’s being built.
Dave Watson: Hey Ben, this is Dave. Let me start with broadband and then hand it over to Mike and Jason. On broadband, as Mike and Jason said, the environment pretty much remains the same - you know, there is still the macro activity, moves are down, but to your point, it is intensely competitive, especially the difference that has been there in this particular competitive cycle, it’s especially in the lower income segment, so the result of it is the main driver, customer activity, continues to be lower connects as churn remains near record lows, and despite this, we’re striking, I think, the right balance between customer growth and ARPU. We kept our sub base relatively flat, grew ARPU 3.9% for the quarter and the year, and so we’re also growing C&P but expanding margins. Competitive cycles like this one, we’ve been through many, and what makes--you know, what happens during some of these cycles, there is new footprint, the competitive footprint, some unique discounting occurs. I think fiber is a pretty good example of one that we went through years ago and continue to have. There is pressure on net adds as you go through the initial phase of the cycle, but we evolved our approach and we have and continue to compete very well against fiber. I think this cycle is headlined by fixed wireless and really the emphasis on more of the lower income segment. They added new footprint, there’s some ARPU pressure, but we have and continue to adapt. The key for us through this cycle is continue to build better products, from the network to the Wi-Fi experience, and the network investments that we’re making are very consistent and we’ve laid it out - mid-splits, we’re pleased with our progress, we’re finishing ’23 33% upgraded, we’ll be around 50% by year-end ’24, and we’ve started to deploy 4.0 and our path towards symmetrical service offerings, so this is all due to where we believe strongly the market is going.  The market is going to have more devices that will be used and be hung on the network, and there will be more usage and engagement, so for the long run, we want to be in position to compete as things shift. We’re going to compete in a segmented way for every segment, and we’ll be aggressive in each one; but we don’t expect subscriber trends to improve over the coming quarters but we do expect to grow over time. We will compete aggressively and be in position when the macro environment shifts, and as we see with fixed wireless, there’s an opportunity and will be an opportunity to get more win backs. We want to be in position for that as well. Throughout it all, we’re going to protect the healthy base of 32 million broadband customers, managing rate and volume throughout.
Dave Watson: And Jessica, this is Dave. I just would add, when you think about the overall video approach, it’s linear, streaming, on-demand, still DVR. It’s all of them that I think we are in a unique position to be able to tie together. Back to the Wild Card Game, it’s an example of great broadband being able to handle it, and at the same time what’s really important in video is the experience matters. The experience getting connected to the overall network performance is so critical, finding what you want easily and simply and being able to engage.  The platforms that we’ve built over time, starting with X1, now Xumo, very important to us in the long run.
Dave Watson: Hey John, it’s Dave. Let me start with ACP. To specifically answer your question, we have 1.4 million customers that have benefited from this program which we obtained through the national verifier program, so feel good about the credentials of these customers. Most of these customers in this customer base were already our customers prior to the ACP program. We’ve been very consistent on this. We want the program to continue, but I think we’re very well positioned to support these customers if it does not. We have a good business and model in place and a history with knowing how to segment our customer base and have products and packages at a variety of price points to serve our customers well, including well over for a decade and that would include internet essentials. We’ll evaluate this as it plays out. It may be a risk, but one we feel is very manageable for us, given how we work with this program and how we manage our customer base in general.
Dave Watson: This is Dave. I would only add that when you do these programs, and we have started and we are aggressively pursuing opportunities, as Jason said, at this stage mostly self-funded, but we are working with local governments on programs like ARPA and others. We are going for opportunities where it makes sense. The great part, and a little bit what Brian mentioned right from the get go, there’s just been terrific execution as we scaled operationally, getting ready for this, so the 1.1 million that we did this past year, looking to do that or more into ’24, we are on it and this is a real opportunity for us. Having said that, the nature of these projects, it takes a while to build them up and then driving penetration, and I would look for more of the benefit in ’25. BEAD, we plan to participate where it is consistent with our business goals, but the process, quite frankly, with BEAD is still in flux.
Dave Watson: Steven, this is Dave. Let me start with wireless. I think we’ve been consistent on this one, too - the wireless is one of the key long term growth drivers for us, and pointed out in the six that the team has talked about. It is absolutely a great companion to broadband. It has good standalone economics and a great runway ahead for penetration mobile to the broadband base. You know, it’s performing well - our domestic revenue was up over 15, we have over 6 million lines, including the 310,000 that we added in the quarter, and we’re only at 11% penetration, as Jason said, to the broadband base, so a lot of runway ahead. It is absolutely a key part of all our go-to-market activity, whether it’s acquisition, case management, upgrade activity to the base, as you noted, Steven. We have been very focused on upgrade activity and retention, so our results have been consistent right around 300,000 new lines per quarter - pretty healthy run rate for a considerable period of time.  Having said that, I think we can improve on these results. We are consistently in the market trying new offers, both in terms of broadband and mobile together, and we segment the opportunity, so we do have unique opportunities that we evaluate. We continue to be hopeful that some of these offers will accelerate our line additions over time and as the year progresses. We have a great road map in terms of innovation and offers between Wi-Fi and mobile, and we want to leverage both and continue to build a better product and service. Our mobile service, our core service offering delivers better value day in and day out. We really like, though, our capital-light approach with the MVNO, and I think we’re in a great position to win in convergence, so I think we have a leg up on the competition with this capital-light strategy that doesn’t have to involve customer and/or network trade-offs. We’ll continue to be opportunistic in evaluating progress, but I think there’s upside.
Mike Cavanagh: Hey, it’s Mike, Ben. Thanks for the question on Peacock. I’ll expand a little bit on the question but get to it in terms of where we see programming going in the end. I’ve got to say, we couldn’t be prouder of what we accomplished with Peacock in 2023. To end the year with paying subs at 31 million, up 50% year-over-year, and that’s only three years in, we’re achieving a level of scale with paying subs that’s about 60% of the level of the streamers that have been out there for many years domestically, ex-Netflix. We’re holding a very strong ARPU at $10 per sub, so while it’s not the scale we ultimately plan to get to, I’ve got to say the team has done a fantastic job when lots questioned, could we even get this far. From here, it’s really a matter of continuing to execute against the strategy that’s gotten us here, and that is expected, as we said earlier, to drive improvement in Peacock’s bottom line from the peak losses that we saw in 2023. When you really think about what that strategy is, it’s to manage Peacock and our linear TV businesses as one. The strategy really is to leverage the great relevant content properties we have, both at NBC which is news and sports and entertainment, obviously Bravo and some of the other assets we have in the cable business, and Universal with the Pay-1 window, so when you put it all together, continuing to execute against that. We’re going to look to get more scale, and the things we’re doing are both to drive more scale, more subs, but also get more engagement with the subs we have and drive improvements in churn, which we’ve been pretty pleased with.  To ultimately your question, where are we relative to--you know, leveling off a little bit of the growth rate of programming spend as we get to this level is clearly part of the improvement in Peacock losses standalone, that will be a factor as we see continued strong growth on the revenue side, given the higher level of subs and the expectation for continuing to add. But again, I would just say I’m less focused on what standalone Peacock losses are doing than I am on doing what’s right for the long term, for the totality of the media business, which is linear and streaming. I think we’ve navigated a very good path for us, so really pleased with what we’ve done.
Mike Cavanagh: Hey Jessica, thanks. On Peacock in particular, let’s take video in a couple of pieces. On our streaming ambitions, clearly we view it, and we’ve talked about it for a long time, we want our existing media assets to have a strong future in a world where consumer behavior is taking people more to streaming, because that’s the way they want to experience it, so our strength, obviously in video distribution from the NBC side, has been U.S. focused, and I think we are focused--very focused on getting domestic scale. What we’ve done internationally and what we might do one day is a separate story, but for now, we have been focused on making sure through partnerships, JVs, whether it’s Sky Showtime, whether it’s Peacock-type content that makes its way onto Sky platforms, we’ve got a venture partner in MultiChoice in Africa, so we’re looking for ways and a rational approach economically to scale up Peacock domestically while not giving up too much in terms of economics that a lot of people talk about as having global scale. We want to win here first and get to the place we need to go, and that’s really where we’re most focused. In terms of what’s happening on the domestic side through video distribution, I think we continue to be a big player in the space with our own content from NBC, but also I think the best partner given the scale of our reach in broadband for both traditional linear, but at the same time streaming partners. We’ve seen a lot of progress and a lot of collaboration with players and partners that want to reach the kind of customer base we have with our broadband customer base, the natural point of engagement with them, aggregating content and acquiring new content if they don’t have it through Xumo, X1 and the platform that Dave and team have built. I think we’re really well positioned to play a part in that as well. 
Mike Cavanagh: John, it’s Mike. On the advertising side, I’d say that the ad market, we have seen it remain stable, and we’re definitely pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter. When you exclude 2022 World Cup and normalize for that, we did grow ad revenue even with the difficult comparison to last year’s political quarter.  We are seeing a few encouraging signs, like stabilization across most categories, CPG and retail too that improved in particular. We’re not seeing any pressure, any real pressure on cancellations from last year’s up-fronts, which is good, and scatter premiums are pretty healthy, double digit increases is what we’ve seen recently.  But I would say that it’s too early to say that there’s a sustainable rebound going on. Too much remains uncertain on the macro side and we’re heading into a period, for us at least, that has less sports programming in the early part of the year. But regardless of the full year ahead, whether the environment macro-wise gets better from here or it doesn’t, we feel like we’re well positioned with our must-see tent poles, which include obviously the Olympics coming up, the elections, and then going back to your earlier point of now being much more scaled at Peacock, we’re seeing nice progress on the capacity and inventory that we have there. So those are the dynamics I think we’re seeing in advertising.
Mike Cavanagh: Sure, hey Sebastiano. On parks, it’s as Jason said - we are going to remain at the elevated level around Epic with the two expansion parks, Hollywood Horror Nights and the Universal Kids in Frisco, Texas underway at this stage, so we’ll remain elevated in 2024 and then as we come to completion of Epic in 2025, rolling into 2025, we’ll ease off from there.  I think the easing off is--I wouldn’t necessarily call it a holiday, so much as much like we talked about adding additional passings in cable, if we see these projects pencil out for good return, we’d be excited in the years that follow, I can’t predict when, to continue to give the parks and experiences business whatever capital it requires. But right now with the visibility we have for what’s in the pipeline, what Jason described as the trajectory is the right trajectory. Then on Peacock, I think we did a good job converting our Comcast free subs to paid subs, and they are now rolling into--after a few months at a lower price, are rolling into the full price, so I think we did a great job across the company on executing that.
