Michael Angelakis: Is your second question, Jason, regarding to the tax benefits we’re receiving as part of the transaction on an NPB basis? I just want to make sure I clarify the question.
Michael Angelakis: So when we announced the transaction, the first part of the transaction back in December of ’09, we articulated that we thought the NPB benefit of the taxes was approximately $1.5 billion. We’ve been fortunate in terms of how we structured it and other benefits where now we estimated that the NPB of those tax benefits is approximately $2.2 billion, so they’ve gone up nicely over the last several years. We expect to receive those benefits over really the next 10 to 15 years, which is several hundred million dollars a year of benefits to Comcast, so we’re really pleased with how this has been structured. With regards to cash taxes, they do move around a little bit related to gains and other kinds of things. We don’t anticipate any meaningful changes and I think you’ll see that our effective tax rate on our P&L will probably hover around 38%, 39% as we go forward.
Michael Angelakis: So on the cable margin, we’ve done a great job over the few years keeping a relatively stable margin. When you look at really the revenues of our cable business right now, roughly half of the revenues are the video side and the other half are other services, which from a product pick standpoint have better margins and are higher growth. So a combination of increasing product mix and adjustments that will have on the pricing on our video side, some efficiencies that we’re confident we’ll be able to access, which actually help the customers and help our efficiencies, we think as we look to ’13 we’ll be able to keep pretty stable margins. On the content side, in terms of where we are – and the Fox deal was announced yesterday – I’ll let Neil answer that.
Michael Angelakis: I think for content, we have always thought, for many years, that it’s a great business on a standalone basis. It’s created a lot of wealth over a long period of time and we think we’ll find ways to do so in the future. Having both in one company makes us a really special company and I think now we need to execute and continue to find ways to have the two work together and apart and it’s a very special day for the company and I think employees and that place where people want to come to work will be the last – my next goal would be to make it – continue to make it absolute home for where a young person coming out of school or somebody with their career says this is a company at the cross hairs of media and technology and all parts of this company make it where I want to spend my career.
Michael Angelakis: I think on your first question we’re not providing guidance. Your math is directionally correct, so let’s just leave it at that. With regards to the 2013, we are actually excited about investing in the areas that we are articulated, both on the Comcast cable side and on the NBCUniversal side. So we do look at intensity in terms of 12.4% of cable CapEx in 2012 and we articulated around 12.9% in 2013. And really the difference is we are investing in high growth, high opportunity areas in both parts of the business. So we’ve got X1, Comcast Business Services, hi-speed Engine Net, Wireless Gateways, a whole variety of areas, XFINITY Home that we think are transforming the product set that we have on the cable side. Neil’s team has done an amazing job of how we deploy that, so those are all primarily variable type costs of how we successfully deploy really new products that we’ve invested in. Now on the NBCUniversal side, as Steve mentioned, theme parks has been terrific, really have reset the bar and the majority of those dollars are going into new attractions at the theme parks which really are, again, high growth, high opportunity dollars. So we’re really – we’re not looking at multiple-year plans but for 2013 we wanted to step on the peddle in areas where we think there’s some high growth, high opportunity areas for the company.
Michael Angelakis: Let’s be really clear about the accretion. So on free cash flow there’s really no accretion because we’ve been consolidating 100% of NBCUniversal’s free cash flow since we’ve controlled 51%. So on free cash flow, what the impacts will be, as we just talked about, we’ll have a little bit higher CapEx, going to have a little bit higher interest expense related to the dollars that we’re borrowing to complete the transaction but we’re also going to have operating cash flow growth and we feel that we’ll be able to keep relatively stable free cash flow for 2013, which the transaction itself isn’t creating any kind of accretion. On the P&L side, we are going to see EPS accretion. So we’re going to pay a bit more in taxes because now we’ll pay 100% of the taxes related to NBCUniversal. We’re also going to eliminate the non-controlling interest which is in our P&L. And net-net that’s about a positive $550 million, which is about $0.19 to $0.20 of EPS accretion. So that’s a number that we think is immediately accretive on our P&L related to the transaction.
Michael Angelakis: No, the $1.4 billion really has nothing to do with the 39.4 enterprise value. That value is just separate for the business. A separate part of General Electric actually owned the real estate and we thought it was important to bring that into the transaction given what we considered to be both strategic facilities that we were fortunate enough to have both under one roof, one GE roof to be able to negotiate that. So your first question, there will be some savings on EBITDA related to rent expense that we would have at both facilities that when the transaction closed that we won’t have that. So it’s not that meaningful given the size of roughly $20 billion of operating cash flow but it certainly is going to help. And we made the decision that it was strategic to buy these facilities as well as from an economic perspective it was a smart deal. And you can look at a whole variety of real estate metrics to make that decision.
