David Watson: Ben, Dave. So let me start with segmentation and a little bit more context on NOW. So stepping back, our segmentation strategy is really key. It starts with the beginning point always for us is premium and traditional broadband customers. We've focused there and invested in terms of better network, better products around providing a better service for the premium segment.  We have consistently competed for all segments. And as we break it down, we've focused where we think the main point is where broadband is going. And broadband is going is the engagement. And so our focus is to continue to deliver multi-gig symmetrical and build towards that point. And do this for a variety of Internet options. And the proof is in the footing in terms of segmentation in that 70% of our HSD-only customers receive speeds of 500 megabits per second or higher and 1/3 of our customers -- resi customers receive gig plus. So it never has been one-size-fits-all.  [ There is ] start there and the focus of premium. But there is currently a lot of activity at the low end of the market. And we've not been as competitive in this space. We've had great products and several options, but we -- in the prepaid area, in particular, we believe there is an opportunity to improve our effectiveness there.  And so thus NOW. And NOW, there are 3 components of NOW. One is prepaid broadband, which, by the way we've had prepaid broadband for some time. We've just approved upon the value proposition there. So it's a NEW prepaid broadband update. And second, we have prepaid NOW mobile, which is new and then we feel that it's positioned for an alternative to fixed wireless and just a lot of activity there. The focus there is there are no credit checks. It's easy.  It's no contract and on an everyday price point. So not a lot of movement in terms of just a competitive value-based price point. At the time we're doing NOW, obviously, it's a good alternative to ACP and where that goes. So early to talk about any progress but we're real pleased with the positioning of the NOW product for the income-constrained segment of the market. We've had NOW TV for some time and traction there. So it's a stand-alone product suite. I feel very good about that.  On ARPU, this is a strength that we've had. We've been balancing ARPU growth, along with share volume for a very long time. So we feel good about this quarter, came in very strong at 4.2% and a bit above the historical 3% to 4% range. It's a very competitive marketplace, to say the least, and we're just striking the right balance, we think, in volume and rate. And our approach is reasonable rate increase. The teams have managed this well leading to rate yield results that exceeded our expectations a bit.  But also it goes back to the first point. We're segmenting the marketplace and tailoring product approaches that meet each specific segment. So it starts with the high end that I've talked about and very focused there and the results that I've talked about. So that's the starting point. But when you look at our long-standing approach to pricing and packaging, we're going to compete for every segment. And it's really focused, though, where the market is going and making sure that in the long run as the overall usage goes up.  And to me, that is the main point. You have double-digit increases in terms of overall broadband consumption. You have lots of customers, a lot of interest in our high end of our portfolio and strength in a ubiquitous, reliable, great network that can stand up for every segment, but power through every application that is there. So I think for us, pleased with ARPU. And I think we can muscle through this ACP thing and feel good about the guidance that we've been giving at 3% to 4% historical range. 
David Watson: Jessica, Dave. Just so on your question on renewals and our point of view. Yes, look, from our view, there's not a single approach towards -- we handle it on a case-by-case basis. When you step back for a second though, we evaluate each one in 3 primary areas. One, the overall cost relative to the content, flexibility that's required in a very fast-changing environment and the overall consumer value. And so -- and we're going to look at this significant transition that has been going on. We'll continue to go on between linear and streaming. And so that is something that we think we can play a unique role in, in terms of win-win opportunities between the content providers and distribution.  And for us, we have a unique platform that is positioned well to be able to do -- handle everything that video can handle, linear channels, on-demand, DVR and streaming. We've been doing streaming packaging on the platform for some period of time. So we can build bridges as these things come up. And -- but our goal consistently has been to find win-win opportunities as we examine each and every specific renewal, but that's how we'll evaluate each one. 
David Watson: John, Dave. So just a follow-on to Jason's point in terms of ACP. Remember, I think a really important point. We've been segmenting the marketplace, and I think we've had the industry-leading platform in terms of Internet Essentials for a very long time so a decade-plus. So we are familiar with the segmentation in this area and we're very familiar in terms of promo roles and bigger moments like this. So I -- because of that, in particular, the ARPU point that's connected to it is we feel pretty good about the historical range of 3% to 4%. So -- but we've had a long-standing approach towards this.  On your question around business services, there's no question, John, that we -- the SMB market has become a bit more competitive and fixed wireless is a part of that. So they are -- you've seen it in the results. We now have 3 fixed wireless competitors that are in it. When you have that much all at once, there's some impact. So we're seeing it in SMB. It's unique to SMB. But our game plan consistently has been to focus on both the share and the overall -- the rate and we have a great slate of products. We have multiple segments within Business Services, mid-market and enterprise that offset a lot of this and great product road maps that have.  But really important point as you feel competitive pressure, I think it's important to keep in mind, uniquely to SMB that reliability and ubiquity of our products and business services is really key here. For businesses, they get 24/7. They're always on. It has to work. I think over time, we will continue to press that point and have -- we're not going to chase things down to zero in terms of discounting. We're going to offer better products and surround those products with features that make sense for business customers. But we will make sure that customers know the reliability and ubiquity of what we do is unique and different than fixed wireless. 
David Watson: Steven, this is Dave. Let me start with footprint and then go to competition views. So let me -- in terms of overall footprint expansion, the vast majority of our new passings each quarter are fill-ins within our existing footprint. The balance of the growth is mostly from our organic edge-outs into adjacent areas. And so with some government subsidized builds representing a much smaller, albeit increasing portion. So it's really the kind of 3 different components of it that we're looking at.  And so it's still early and -- but we are very disciplined. We evaluate the risk adjusted returns of each -- one of these network builds on a case-by-case basis. And generally, though the edge outs as that will increase, they're adjacent, sometimes located in between geographic markets that we currently serve. So looking ahead, we expect these edge out projects to continue to contribute to the future growth in our total passings. And we don't give -- to your question, the specific numbers on this.  I could tell you that we're going to reach very healthy penetration levels in a few years on these edge out projects. So the ramp-ups happen pretty quickly, and we're pleased with the returns though. So pretty disciplined process. We look on the returns. And then as you shift towards the competition, the environment, let me back up and just its overall -- it's a very intense competitive environment that is very consistent the last several years.  And so it's picked up a bit. And when you have, again, 3 fixed wireless competitors coming in pretty much at the same time and you have the fiber level, about half of our footprint now has fiber competition of some form and it's an intense competitive environment. But we have adjusted. We've been going up against fiber competition now for over 15 years. And it is -- we've made adjustments. We've done, I think, very well in going toe-to-toe for the -- exactly as Brian laided out, that our long-term game plan is to focus on a better network, ubiquitous network, better products.  Surround it with the full portfolio of better products and not chase units just for the sake of it. And we've had moments going up against fiber where they've gone way down market. They've become rational. We've had different cycles. And so I think we've made adjustments and we have proven that we more than hold our own in that footprint. What we're seeing now is kind of an intense -- more intense competitive focus around the lower end of the market.  And that's why we're segmenting. That's why we're doing what we're doing, never losing sight though. That we're going to have a better product than anybody in the marketplace. The better network and backing it up with better devices, that can eventually -- as we get to multi-gig symmetrical. And that's the key. Every single application ubiquitously delivered, that's our focus. So it's a tough competitive environment but I think we have a unique differentiated approach. 
David Watson: Jonathan, Dave. Let me start with the broadband in its entirety, the whole market and a viewpoint. So let me begin with the broadband market as a whole is still growing, maybe at a slower pace than it was last year and the year before, but there's still going to be a pretty healthy amount of net adds in 2024 and likely beyond. The right way, though, in addition to that, I think you got it. Everything we've talked about before, the right way we think to look about it is it's holding our own, growing relationships responsibly, but it's also where the market is going and how broadband is being used.  And that -- as we've talked about the utility of the broadband product itself is only going up. So when you look at the health of the entire category, it's the relationships, but it's also the overall usage and consumption. And for us, you can see usage is up double digits. Broadband-only subs using over 700 gigabytes of data a month. Over 70% of our subscriber base is on speed tiers of 50 megs or more, nearly 1/3 of our customers are on 1 gig. Those are great trends for us over the long term and gives us the great confidence as we're investing, continuing to invest in a better network and a better customer experience, as Brian has said.  So when you look at things, I think it's clearly competitive as we've talked about. One other factor that enters into it, in some cases, in certain segments. There are some people that revert back to mobile-only, that can happen. So there's a variety of factors that could enter into it. But overall, as a category and a growth opportunity, quite optimistic about broadband. 
David Watson: Yes. Just adding on to that, Jonathan. But again, we've been doing prepaid broadband for a while, years. And it's just we needed to refresh it, needed to update it and put it in a more competitive position. The prepaid mobile is new, and NOW TV is relatively new. But it's a segmented approach. And if you think about -- it's all in pricing, it's very simple. It's really easy.  There's no contracts, no credit checks, customers can sign up, pause, cancel online, anytime. It's a very straightforward -- but feature-light product as we keep our focus on the high end in terms of fully featured things. We'll continue to do that. But this just gives us a brand, gives us a product suite to be able to clearly and define segmentation in a way that we can manage through. 
Jason Armstrong: Yes. Great. Thanks. So just to round that out, Ben, just you think your question specifically on ARPU and how do you go through the ACP cycle and have confidence in ARPU growth. I think all these points are relevant and valid. Number one, we continue to see usage grow at a rapid rate. So the value that the consumer is getting is higher. That's a tailwind in general for ARPU growth. I think number two is segmentation that Dave's talked about. We see a lot of competition in a certain segment of our base, the value-conscious segment of our base. The segmentation allows you to keep that from seeping into other segments of the base. And the team has done a nice job executing there.  Final thing I'd point out is as we said, ACP customers have got about 1.4 million in our base that we'll need to manage through. This is very similar, though, to -- if you think about how this business is wired, Dave and his team, it's promotional roll-offs. This is something we're dealing with every single quarter, how do you navigate a base of customers that's on promotion and roll them into new rate plans and keep them as customers? So this is very much what the Cable business is wired to do.  On buyback spend, I would go back and over the last few years. We've had a very consistent capital allocation strategy starting with reinvesting in our business, layered into protecting the balance sheet. We really like our current credit rating and have committed to metrics that are associated with the credit rating as you've seen. And as you point out, very strong free cash flow last year and expectation for similar this year. As you mentioned, allows for substantial share repurchase activity. So since we restarted the buyback in 2021, we bought back over 15% of our share count. If you look at the last year, we bought back over 6% of our share count. So both very strong metrics.  I would point out the tail end of last year, we were pretty clear in the third quarter that we were going to accelerate the buyback, anticipating minimum floor Hulu proceeds, which came in at the very end of last year. And that's in advance of more full proceeds for full value this year, but we did get a minimum floor payment last year and hence, accelerated the buyback in 3Q and 4Q to $3.5 billion. 
Jason Armstrong: Craig, so on margins, we said overall connectivity and platforms margins were up 50 basis points and said domestic was an even greater increase. The domestic was up 70 basis year-over-year, sort of continuing the formula of a mix shift in our business to higher-margin businesses. Our connectivity businesses are growing faster than our nongrowth video businesses. So that's a margin favorable trade-off for us as we said historically and then operating efficiencies in the business. I think we gave a stat last call that I'd reiterate, we've taken 50% of our truck rolls out of the system in the last 6 years. We've taken 40% of customer interactions out of the system in the last 6 years. So lot of good progress on expense efficiency. But Craig, the domestic margin's up 70 basis points. 
Jason Armstrong: Yes, John, let me hit domestic or Cable EBITDA, C&P EBITDA over the course of the year. So I think as you mentioned, it's competitive market. We've got ACP coming our way. At the same time, the balance, I think about broadband specifically. The balance between rate and volume we've seen, obviously, a little bit of pressure on volume. But 4.2% ARPU growth in the quarter, an outlook for -- we continue to stay at 3% or 4% during the year. So we still think there's tailwinds for broadband revenue growth. We had 3.9% this quarter.  We're growing business Services, we're growing Wireless, and we're offsetting video and other revenue declines. But at the total level, that's a margin accretive mix shift. I'd go back to what I've said before on some of the expense initiatives across the company and being very disciplined, taking volumes out of the system and that's providing a tailwind as well. So without giving specific guidance for EBITDA growth, I would give you the components and our confidence in them. 
Jason Armstrong: Jonathan, let me start on segmentation and Dave probably wants to chime in as well. So on NOW, I think what's interesting and exciting about it is it's a dedicated sort of flanker brand strategy. We've had prepaid offers in the past sort of wedged into our existing portfolio. This is a more dedicated and branded strategy around it.  By the way, the branding around this has worked very well in our U.K. market for Sky. It's actually where the brand name came from. And so we expect this to have some resonance. I would point out the -- if you look at where it's sort of targeted, we've got 100 meg offer for $30. It's inclusive of taxes, fees and equipment. We've got a $45 offering that's 200 megs and inclusive as well, very competitive versus fixed wireless, right? That is in this range, maybe slightly higher without the same reliability and ubiquity that we have. 
Michael Cavanagh: And Ben, I'll just come in on the back of the question about any changes in how we think about capital allocation. I think Jason and team are carrying on a phenomenal tradition. I've been here now close to 10 years. And I think the idea of taking our well-generated capital across our businesses, and first and foremost, investing them back in the business with a very long-term view of what the future can be, where there's expected return. Whether that's the Parks business, whether that's the broadband network, whether that's streaming, whether it's just broad innovation.  I think it's in our DNA at this place to try to figure out ways to invest wisely for the future, while at the same time, maintaining a very strong balance sheet and we like the way the balance sheet is set up. When you go through these long  arcs of change across industries with disruption, it allows you to sleep better at night knowing the strength of balance sheet we have and allows us to continue making those earlier investments. And then so to do those 2 things together with the very substantial interest on the part of the management team and the facts that we've done it to just get lots of capital return to shareholders. Not many companies are inclined to manage those 3 priorities as much as we are. And I can commit that that's where our head is as we look forward to the next 10 years ahead. 
Michael Cavanagh: Jessica, it's Mike. So on parks, as we've said, this is a year in 2024, where CapEx in parks and at NBCUniversal overall will sustain at the level it was in '23. So it remain elevated. In '25, when we open Epic, it will begin to step down. And then after that, it will return to a more normal level with adjustments for the Hollywood Hard Nights and the Kids park in Frisco, Texas that we've talked about. But those, as we've said, are not of the same size and scale as a large park like Epic but we do have a bigger footprint of parks than we did, say, 5 years ago.  So you're right, part of the part of the capital equation for parks is to continue to invest in new attractions within existing parks. So again, once we get to '26, you'll see us easing into a new steady state that does include continued experimentation with some of our alternative concepts. And then certainly, we hope over the longer term to come up with some ideas for bigger deployments of capital, but that's what we have in our plans as we sit here right now. But we love the business.  And to the question of returns, we think the returns are very strong. We take a careful look at that every time we're greenlighting a new park. And I think we like the stability of the long-term nature of the return. It's us and one other great company that are world leaders in that level of park experience. The response to our parks has been phenomenal coming out of COVID. And so we see that being a place, live entertainment at the level we're talking about, being just a strong pillar of the media and entertainment side of the company for a long time ahead.  And then in terms of other areas. I think the success that we've had across parks and experiences are -- lead us to plenty of opportunities to think about gaming and other areas around live entertainment that go around and cross between our businesses. So we experiment with things and we look, and it's our job to see if there are great opportunities to do that, but nothing to report today. 
Michael Cavanagh: And so on Peacock. I mean we're very pleased as we split -- both Jason and I said earlier, with a quarter where we ended at 33.5 million subs, 3.5 years in. We are at a place now where we really are seeing traction in our approach to providing a service for consumers that is a combination of both entertainment and sports and how those 2 go together.  Very much a reflection, as we said from the beginning, of our -- a mirror image of what we see as our strengths at NBCUniversal itself. And so when you look at this quarter in particular, you end up with a start with a Wild Card game that brought in a tremendous number of subs ahead of where we expected it to be. And then retention, that was ahead of where we expected it to be. And so that's obviously great and the power of sports to bring audiences together and will stay committed because of our strength in sports.  But when you really reflect on what then happened in the weeks that followed our viewing was the record highs across all parts of our non-sports portfolio. And in fact in the quarter, we launched our biggest original, Ted, to the greatest success of any of the originals we've ever launched. And Traitors 2, our reality series on Peacock, both of those were in the Nielsen Top 10 streaming in the earlier part of the year.  So I think we see the 2 -- the parts of the portfolio interplaying well with each other. And obviously, the strength of our movie studio, which we talked about earlier with Oppenheimer and Holdovers and now coming up in future quarters, Kung Fu Panda 4. That is another great source of strength into our portfolio. So I think you can expect to see us having a very broad approach to it' sports, it' originals, it' next-day airing of NBC content, it's our library, and it's our Pay-1 movies. All those things going into a service that we think is one of the best values in streaming and a very distinct place over time in the streaming marketplace for consumers.  And when you look ahead from where we started the year, we are now in continue to focus hard on retaining the growth in subs we had. Second quarter will be a little lighter in terms of the cadence of our content. But when you look to the middle of the year, we've got Olympics. Right after that, we've got the return of NFL, Big Ten and our exclusive NFL game in São Paulo, Brazil, along with the tremendous movie slate: Fall Guy, Twisters, Despicable Me 4, in addition to Kung Fu Panda 4.  And so we feel great about what we're doing and the progress we're making, and it's very consistent with the way we've described Peacock as taking advantage of what makes us great at NBCUniversal to begin with, and taking our existing strengths and assets into a digital future. So that's -- and it's one of our 6 big growth drivers, so glad to get a chance to comment on it. 
