Neil Smit: Craig, this is Neil. Concerning DOCSIS 3.1, as you know, we announced five cities yesterday, and we haven't priced the rollout yet. But we – the great thing about DOCSIS 3.1, it's a very efficient way to deliver gigabit speeds, and we'll be rolling it out on a widespread basis over the course of the next few years.
Neil Smit: Well, I think it's premature to comment on this, since a proposal has not even been seen yet. We believe that, generally speaking, in a dynamic environment that's rapidly changing, technology mandates just don't work very well. But we'll continue to look – we look forward to seeing the proposal, and we'll work with the Chairman and his office to come up with what's best for the customers and the consumers.
Neil Smit: Well, we feel very good about the video numbers. They're the best in nine years, the best quarter in nine years. I think part of it's X1, which is a real game changer. 60% of our subs got X1, and the net new adds and new connects. We have a great TV Everywhere proposal, where 34% of our customers are using some form of TV Everywhere. And the viewing hours on dot-com and mobile combined are up about 20%, so they're watching more. I think we're segmenting the market better, getting the best customers, and getting them to stay longer. And we're improving the customer experience, we're developing new channel stores, MDUs, the on-campus product, we're segmenting better, so we feel good about the video numbers and the progress.
Neil Smit: I think churn is the one thing that I would add to that. And all that adds up, with each of the products having a decrease in churn. I don't know, Steve, on the NBCUniversal side, we...
Neil Smit: One of the great things about Universal theme parks, and we've seen this now in different geographies, there's a long lead time, a lot of smart planning, understanding what attractions work. But it all starts by having the ability to do that. And so this plan we think is really a wonderful, strategic acquisition and it's long term down the road, I think.
Neil Smit: I would just add we are filing to retain the option to participate in the forward auction which we expect to occur sometime in the late spring or early summer. And we have, what we believe are very valuable assets in the mobile space. 28 million customer relationships, 13.3 million hotspots, Wi-Fi hotspots, and so they are assets that we want to leverage, and so we're testing and learning.
Neil Smit: Hi, John. I think I'd look at it through two lenses. One is we have, what we believe is the best product out there in X1, and that's helping to drive ARPU because you're getting more VOD views, 40% more VOD views, you're getting lower churn, you're getting more DVR, 50% more DVR usage, or subs, and you're getting digital outlets. So all that drives ARPU, that's positive. I think, the other things we're doing in the business and segmenting and driving channel performance and bundling effectively and targeting customers is improving the throughput of the subs. And then we're retaining them for longer, and a lot of that is better customer experience, better targeting, better subs and getting them the right package. We are segmenting with different offers for different customers. On Campus is an example, Internet Plus is an example. Stream is an example of products that we're targeting at a specific segment. So we're giving them the product they want at the right price, and we're retaining, we're servicing them well and retaining them longer.
Neil Smit: Concerning skinny bundles, they are actually a small percentage of our overall video customer base. And we do feel we have room with the programmers and the penetration rates. In the fourth quarter, 75% of our video ads were the higher end packages. So I don't want to overstate the significance of skinny bundles. The stream product we just rolled out in a few markets in Boston and Chicago. It's probably too early to say what it will be, what it will turn into over time. But we feel good about the usage and good about the product. It's a good value proposition for the customer, and we'll continue to roll it out to other markets.
Neil Smit: Well, most of the difference between Q4 and what we're projecting for 2015 is timing of when contracts renew or terminate. So, that's point one. We do feel that we get a wide set of rights, including stacking rights, as you mentioned; in and out of home rights, in some cases; digital rights. So we've increased our rights, and it does give us more flexibility in terms of how we package. Each contract is a little bit different. But as you can see from our different offerings, I mentioned Internet Plus, Stream, Watchable, we're innovating in the packaging area to get customers a package that's appropriate to them, and whether it 's streamed or delivered in a linear fashion, we are getting increasing rights and more flexibility. And we work together with the programmers to define the best value.
Neil Smit: I think, it's going to be ongoing. The think the video marketplace is very dynamic now, there's a lot of competition, and I think the programmers recognize this, and as do the distributors and we work together to – we trial things all the time and we're working in both the programming packaging space as well as advanced advertising space to deliver more value via more targeted advertising. So it's an ongoing conversation.
Neil Smit: Hi, Marci. Concerning rates and equipment, we'll continue with the accelerated X1 rollout. We're putting out 40,000 boxes a day which, if you do the rough math, it'll get us in the range of 50% of the footprint covered by the end of the year. In terms of capital intensity, we said it would be around 15%, so I think that trend will continue. We are investing behind things we know are good investments, like X1, and I think that's the basic story. We are investing behind business services, behind Wi-Fi, advanced routers, DOCSIS 3.1, and these are all things that I think you can see from the sub numbers and the financial results, we're balancing well the investment as well as the return.
Neil Smit: Concerning the HSD numbers, I think that it was strong delivery across the board. Almost every market had indexed higher on connects. But the biggest driver was disconnects or churn. And that was across the board in the business, not just HSD. So I think there's still room for growth. 70% of America has broadband and there's room for growth within the sector. And we feel we've got the best, fastest Wi-Fi in the household and we can deliver a great experience. We're rolling out DOCSIS 3.1, and I think it's going to be a good business for us going forward. Concerning the Wi-Fi hotspots, people are connecting who use it about five times a day and the average session is over 25 minutes, so we're seeing consistent usage. We've build out the public spots based on the usage trends we see and I think it's – concerning the handoff between Wi-Fi and cellular, there is some technology out there. The question is whether you'd need to do the handoff or not and how seamless it would be. But we are looking at technology in that space as well.
Stephen B. Burke: I think if you have great channels with great products, like the Olympics or the NFL or Mr. Robot on USA, your channels are going to stay in the bundle, and it's going to continue to be a very good business for a very long time.
Stephen B. Burke: Well I think it's a little early for that. We just closed on the deal this quarter. We got 475 acres, so we have a lot of land to work with. And we have some ideas, but we don't have firm plans at this point.
Stephen B. Burke: Let me answer the second question first. We had a slight decline in the number of subscribers that was overmatched by a series of rate increases. It's going to be lumpy quarter-by-quarter and year-by-year on the affiliate side. But, and this is probably on the low end of what you can see the future, but it will be lumpy. On the NFL, the number one show on television is Sunday Night Football, and is a very, very important part of our business. Football is profitable for us now, and it will be profitable for us after the Thursday Night deal. And the ability to have these 24 football games, which will be 24 of the highest rated nights of the year is very, very valuable for a marketer that wants to reach a broad audience. In fact getting more valuable all the time as the world continues to fragment. So we're very happy that we were selected the – NFL has put their faith in our team and our broadcast, and we're delighted about it. It's really the best programming, most powerful programming on television and we got it at a very fair rate.
Stephen B. Burke: So I think the scatter market is the strongest it's been any time in recent memory. And when we went through the upfront, we were wondering, everybody was wondering, is more money going to digital and is that depressing the upfront? Or are advertisers just waiting? And it now appears, given that scatter has been strong now so consistently, that a lot of advertisers were waiting and placing their money later. I don't think there's anything to worry about in terms of the automotive side of the scatter market. I think the whole market is very strong. Automotive should be very strong. And the good news is, we're now in February and we're getting closer and closer to the upfront. So I think there are reasons to be optimistic about the trajectory for the up-front process.
Stephen B. Burke: So I think broadly, what advertisers are talking about in almost every single discussion is how to use the kind of data that they're accustomed to getting from – when they place a digital buy, how to get that with a television buy. And if anything, I think the pendulum is swinging a little bit back toward traditional television advertising, putting a 30 second spot on television. Obviously, the nirvana is to have nationwide addressability. I think that's years away and difficult to cobble together, for all the obvious reasons. But in the interim, we have a whole variety of products, that we have right now in the market, that take advantage of set-top box data and other information overlaid on top of our shows and existing ratings data, so that we can go to advertisers and say, we have more eyeballs than anybody else in America, than any other company in America, and we can inform your purchases of those eyeballs, we think, as well or better than anyone else. So it's not like we're waiting for addressability. But obviously, addressability is a final end state which I think is going to make television advertising that much more valuable.
Brian L. Roberts: You know, I think you've put your finger on it. We have a lot of assets in the company, and Neil, feel free to join on this answer. But really, all we are doing today is saying, as Mike called it take a paddle at an auction to see if there's an opportunity for the company to be rewarded in that auction with something that we think has strategic value. And in the past, that has proved to be not only a moneymaker but given us more strategic flexibility, and we want to know if that's the case this time. Beyond that I don't think it's any more than that, and it's a free auction if you will to get a paddle and see what the values are, and how much capacity. It's a very complicated auction as you know, it's not clear exactly what's for sale, exactly yet, and all that has to be determined. But you have to make the decision now, and so we're making it.
Brian L. Roberts: Well, thanks for the broad way you asked the question. And I will give you an answer that I think covers a lot of territory. It's always amazing to us sometimes, almost humorous, but none of this is ever humorous. What we read about ourselves in every possible M&A scenario that gets invented. And in many cases it's literally that, just invented. And we're always trying to remain focused on some core principles. First of all, really like the company we have right now. And I think we've said that consistently. And nothing has changed in that view. If anything, I think we feel better about our mix of assets NBCUniversal, doubling the cash flow in the five years since we bought it. I think we bought it right, but we've operated it even better. And so I sit there and look at those scenarios and many others that have been suggested and there's nothing we feel we have to do. At the same time, Mike Cavanagh and the team that he's building are always looking to see if there's ways we can grow shareholder value and look for new opportunities as the markets evolve. But sitting here today, our plan of record in 2016 is to execute on a business plan, stay focused, and I don't feel the need that we need to go and change the face of our company. I think we're in a wonderful, unique position at the cross-section of two industries, and we're leading the way in both.
Brian L. Roberts: Well, let me just add to that, that one of the things I think we did really well the last few years was have our technology team, led by Tony Werner and others, really see around the bend, see Wi-Fi, make an investment, so our definition of broadband is totally different today than it was five years ago for what you get as a consumer. And I think that goes back into whether we can do something creative in the future, whether that's involving spectrum or Wi-Fi or some of the existing relationships we've got.
Brian L. Roberts: So as I sum up, I think about the fact that 2015, amazing year. I think these numbers are – across-the-board I think all our colleagues stand out in the industry because it's not just great subscriber numbers, but it's also strong financial cash flow and growth doubling the cash flow at NBC since the acquisition. It's a real milestone that we're pleased with. And I think we're better together and that both sides of the company are more informed, we have a collaborative culture not only strengthening each other, but strengthening ourselves. And together I think that makes Comcast NBCUniversal very unique. And as we thought about return of shareholder capital, we increased it 40% in 2015. We are reinvesting in the business first and foremost, things like Japan, and Vox and BuzzFeed, our dividend has increased since 2009 on almost 25% compounded growth rate, 10% for the S&P 500, so we think we continue to return capital. But we also want to use the growth that we've got to play offense with things like X1 and the kind of things we've been talking about on the call and I think we're doing that well and mostly giving customers what they want. And that cultural shift, which really, Neil, you started in the second half of the year, is paying dividends. So thank you for your support. We look forward to a great 2016.
