Jeffrey Shell: Thanks, Dave. Doug. So we've said from the beginning since we launched Peacock that we're taking a different approach than most of the other people in the streaming business. We don't view Peacock really as a separate distinct business. We think it's an extension of our existing TV business, and we manage it that way. That's how we set up our business. That's how we program it. That's how we sell advertising across both linear and Peacock.  And I think that, that strategy is working. We had an exceptional quarter this quarter. We're very pleased with how we're ramping. We're pleased how we're ramping revenue. We're pleased with that. We're ramping paid subs. We're very pleased with engagement, which was up this quarter. It's going to be obviously choppy depending on what programming comes in, what time. But I think our business model is clearly the right business model. Our approach, by the way, internationally, we're taking a different approach too, much more measured approach. We're focusing on Sky markets. And in non-Sky markets, we're looking for partnerships and unique ways to enter the market.  So our business strategy is great for us. It's working. We're happy with the quarter. We're happy with how the business is scaling. And I think the noise in the rest of the streaming business really, if anything, just validates where we're going.  I would also say that we've shown, as we ramp the business, that we're willing to be flexible and change our business model. As we see things evolve, we've shifted more towards a paid AVOD model when we saw that success early on. So obviously, as things change in the streaming market, we'll continue to evaluate and shift. But right now, we're really happy with our business model and how we're performing.
Jeffrey Shell: Yes, Jessica. So our Theme Park business, as you can see in the numbers, is absolutely performing great. And with that is your question is the international visitation in our domestic parks is less than half of what it would normally be this time of the year for Orlando in California, and even given that our bookings going forward, looking at the summer, are at historic high levels.  And the one thing I would also add is while Japan doesn't have the same international visitation as Orlando, it does have international visitation and is also seeing almost no international visitation, and it is returning to pre-pandemic levels without that international visitation too in Osaka. So we're very excited about our Theme Parks going forward.  And one of the things to note is we've invested in our attractions all during the pandemic. So international visitors who have delayed coming to our parks have a lot to experience when they -- when travel starts picking up. So we could be more confident about it.
Jeffrey Shell: Yes. Thanks, Brett. So I don't think I mentioned per caps. Our per caps actually are up from before the pandemic, but I was talking about attendance and mix of attendance. But the main thing we've done during the pandemic in our Theme Parks is we've continued to invest in them. So we added major attractions in all of our parks. We didn't really slow it down much during the pandemic. So VelociCoaster, our new rollercoaster in Orlando, has been just phenomenally successful.  We added Nintendo in Japan, which is showing real strength, and we're really excited that we're going to be bringing that to Hollywood next year and then ultimately to Orlando. We added a pet attraction in Hollywood. And of course, the biggest thing we're doing is we're building a new park, Epic Universe, down in Orlando, which is going to continue to add to our length of stay, and it's going to be anchored by that Nintendo land that I mentioned before, but also some of our other key attractions. So yes, our per caps are up. Yes, we cut costs in the business, which we've been pretty open about. But the main thing we did was continue to invest because we see -- we really are optimistic about that growth in that business going forward.
Jeffrey Shell: Yes. Just adding more color to Peacock. So our 4 big programming areas, and we've said this before, are sports movies; leveraging the strength of our movie studio, which is really strong; linear programming, as Brian talked about, with the thing about PAM leveraging our linear programming on a nonlinear basis; and then originals. And so the first quarter was really the first time we employed some of those. So we had the Super Bowl and Olympics in the same week, as Brian mentioned at the top. And we also took advantage of that audience by putting a movie, Marry Me, on Valentine's Day, right in the middle of that. So we had 3 segments.  What was really encouraging about that is not only did we obviously add the subs we've talked about, the 4 million paid subs, but we -- 2 things. Number one, we didn't churn out of those subs. We maintained those subs as you saw in the quarter end numbers. And the second thing is we used all that audience to promote the first original that we really were high on, which was Bell Air, and we had our first real hit from an original perspective. So the last piece of our programming strategy, which we really haven't employed yet, is the next-day programming from NBC, not just NBC, by the way, but Bravo and our cable networks as well. That programming to your question is currently exists, but it's on Hulu as part of our Hulu deal. And as part of our termination at the end of last year, we're bringing all of that programming from Hulu back to Peacock starting in September. There's no impact on retrans because it's the same programming that's already out there. But instead of going to Hulu and seeing the voice the next day or Real Housewives the next day, now you'll be able to see it exclusively on Peacock starting in September, and we're pretty excited about it.
