Steve Burke: Okay. So, I will answer the first question on direct-to-consumer. First of all, we're really excited about our approach, we spent a lot of time on it and we're excited to get going in and stand up a management team and get going on entering the business. I think our excitement comes from the fact that the way that we're entering the business really addresses the real objective we have which is as viewership goes online, how do we monetize that viewership better. One of the good things about what's going on right now in the television business is people are watching professionally produced content at higher levels than ever, we're just not monetizing as well online as we should. And so what we've come up with is we're taking some of the most popular shows on television that we produce and we're going to offer them for free to 80% of the people in the United States who are multi-channel customers for free to Sky customers in Europe and also to people who are not part of the eco system at a fee that would be comparable to other people in the SVOD business. The servers will have a very light ad load of targetable ads. And we know there's a huge demand for digital advertising, interactive digital advertising. In fact, we were constantly trying to find more ad inventory because advertisers want to be in very, very good professionally produced content. So our idea to enter the business is to leverage Sky's technology, it's called NOW TV in Europe and also parts of what we've been doing at NBC and Comcast Cable. We think this approach has a much better chance to get scale quickly. There's nothing better than free for consumers and we have enough product that consumers are currently viewing on other platforms online for free and charge that we think putting it all together in one place very, very good technology and then leveraging our relationship with Comcast Cable and Sky. There are a lot of approaches to get into the market and we think this one is attractive to consumers. We also think financially it's more attractive because you get scale more quickly and we think it's highly likely that will reduce the amount of investment we need to make coming into the business and also accelerate our ability to get to breakeven. So that's what we're doing. We plan to launch in the first half of 2020 and we're spending a lot of time right now developing the technology, getting the management team in place so that we can get going soon enough.
Steve Burke: So, in the United States, 80% of the addressable households are multi-channel subscribers, that's obviously not the case in many places around the world. But between the United States and Sky's footprint in the U.K., we think we should start and try to gain as much scale as possible with an ad supported free to consumer service. There will be countries where we launch. SVOD only, countries that don't have the kind of advertising ecosystem that we have in the United States or in parts of Europe, there will be places where we have different strategies and obviously or the rights we have, the shows we have will vary by country. But if you look at Comcast and Sky alone, Comcast Cable and Sky alone, you're well over 50 million customers. And so the ability have launched to have those 50 million customers, get all those great programming for free, we think not only gets us to scale but is also good for Comcast Cable and Sky. You're going to be offering a lot of good things to people who are subscribing to those services and we'll have those discussions with Charter and DIRECTV and everybody around the world that's a multichannel supplier. In terms of content and taking things that are currently licensed elsewhere and moving them to the platform, I think it's going to be very positive for us financially because in effect, we're going to be a brand new buyer. So we have long sold to everyone, we've sold to SVOD, we've sold to cable channels that we don't own and even broadcast channels that we don't own. What's our feeling is, if you're in the television business, you should work with the best people, have the best shows and sell them wherever it makes the most sense. And we'll have the same philosophy ourselves. We do feel we under monetize significantly on the Internet and we under monetize on free platforms and we also under monetize on SVOD platforms. So as more and more content becomes available, I think a lot is going to be on our platform, but we will continue to sell on other platforms depending on the show, depending on the prices that we can command for those products. And so I think it's fair to assume that when we launch, we'll have a lot of content, we have a significant amount of content to launch that will only increase overtime. But we'll go show-by-show, instance by instance and figure out what makes sense at the time those rights come back to us.
Steve Burke: So, I think we've always felt that the television ecosystem was healthier than maybe some people thought. We really had an extraordinary television year this year we grew EBITDA by 15% which was way in excess of what we thought we would grow EBITDA and there were a whole bunch of factors in there. In terms of subscribers, we were - we had better year in terms of subscribers than we had budgeted and were entered 2019 better than we had forecast. It's very hard to predict the virtual MVPDs. If you look quarterly. The virtual MVPD growth somebody who might be the fastest growing and the first quarter might be the slowest and the second quarter as they change strategies and people figure out the market. But virtual MVPD growth was faster than we thought in 2018. At some point, we do believe it's going to slow down but we've did not - certainly did not see that in 2018. 2018 and the early part of 2019 are also very strong years for advertising. We had the strongest up front we've ever had. The network, primetime you know our ad sales were up double digits. The scatter market is extremely strong right now. So the television business you know we obviously have pressure on ratings as people migrated to digital and that's why one of the reasons why we're launching the direct-to-consumer product, but it's a very, very healthy business and we think it's going to be healthy for years to come.
David Watson: Thanks, John. Well, video remains very competitive area. And I really don't think it's going to change anytime soon. And our game plan is going to remain the same that we're going after and will attract the most profitable video customer relationships that we can. And we're going to continue to manage the shift as Brian and Mike's talked about and focusing very much on the connectivity business. But improving the connectivity business and competing, video still remains an important part of packaging. So I think the competitive environment remains challenging, we'll watch it closely. And what happens, we always make adjustments and if there are opportunities based on what the competitive landscape is then our packaging will be there to benefit from it. But our main focus is continuing to take X1 leverage that with broadband and we have other opportunities in Mobile to be able to package things. So we're really not changing our approach and it's improved. Overall the financial performance, you look at the overall customer relationships 1 million customer relationships that we've added, obviously fueled and helped by broadband. But when you couple great video with great broadband then I think that it helps us financially. And we'll see what happens in terms of video share but we're so for pleased with this quarter and can't comment too much further into next year.
David Watson: Yeah, I would add that we participate as Brian said in the mobile business and pleased with the progress that we're making. We also participate in wireless. We generate a lot of data traffic over Wi-Fi in the home, over 80% of the data traffic on smart phones is delivered through Wi-Fi. So I think we're beneficial to each other's networks in that way. We're pleased in that the reason - one of the main reasons as Brian mentioned, we looked at broadband retention. it's early days but it's working and the contribution of that when mobile consideration is people go to retail and look at other sales channels that we have and they are asking about mobile than they consider other lines of business. So all of these things are encouraging and I'm pleased with our progress.
David Watson: Hey, Doug, Dave. So you know thinking about broadband, you know we feel about broadband in 2019 as we have in 2018 that it's our growth engine. And you know there as Brian mentioned, there's a consistency that we have had in broadband you know the 13th year in a row consecutively delivering over 1 million net additions. And so behind that going into 2019, feel the market continues to grow, you look you look at things like homes, employment, you look at macro conditions. But just as important as anything you look at the overall market penetration of 80%, there is room for growth there, you look at our penetration you know 47%, there is absolutely room for growth there. So you know in our view is that customers' expectations you know continue to go up in terms of how they're interacting with broadband, how they're leveraging it. So you know our focus is Brian as said is deliver the very best broadband product in the marketplace and xFi is that brand, the best of speed, coverage and control. And so in 2019, we're going to continue to do that. And along with that your point on single product and packaging, we've made some adjustments along the way. I think that it's more - our game plan is consistent, will be consistent, we do offer a great options for both. And if somebody wants to start off with the high speed only, that's great, but we also have wonderful packaging options that will talk to them about. So as important as anything as you look at the balancing share growth and rate, so you look at that I feel confident as well, in 2018 you know we along with great share, we grew the resi ARPU by more than 4% year-over-year for 2018. And if you look at then combining the overall continuity business, Bryan and Mike has mention that you look at business services, you know a big part of that is broadband and resi broadband you know it's growing nearly 10%, 24 billion. So we like our momentum, we like our game plan, I think it's very consistent and we're just going to focus on execution.
Brian Roberts: Let me just add that, kudos to the X1 team. I think they launched Amazon really flawlessly at year-end, Amazon Prime video following up on Netflix and YouTube. We've transformed that product every year and made it better. And at the same time, we have a disciplined under Dave's team to look for profitable video as we've made this transition. So it's this alchemy of leading with broadband now, we have way more broadband customers and we do video customers that's a huge shift in the company and we've managed that shift I think to intelligently still invest in our video business but not chase every single subscriber all the time. And I think the balance is why you see great cash flow growth, RGU growth, customer relationship growth, lowest churn, more digital interactions, less cost and free cash flow therefore growing at its best clip in a number of years. So I think it's a real balanced job and led by still a lot of passion around X1 and video.
Brian Roberts: In addition to the connectivity focus that we have which is helps margin that helps us overall in terms of growth, they are emphasize what Brian said just the focus on packaging and going after the profitable customer relationships that we are broadband and video. And we've remained very optimistic about taking transactions out of the business, we spend a lot of time thinking about the digital experience for customers and just the best way to take out unnecessary telephone calls, truck rolls by just letting customers handle their solutions independently. So I think Mike gave the guidance in terms of expectations and margin, but extremely focused on non-programming expense.
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Rich. So a couple of things. I think you raise a very good point. Our focus, we've been very disciplined in our approach to programming and how we value content and the use of data to understand this. So what goes into packaging and so that that has been something that we've been doing for several years now. That's not brand new but we're very focused on understanding the content value. The point you make in X1 is game changing in that as we look at it and we aggregate all the different apps and all the content that's available and the ability to connect all these assets through the great voice recognition capability delivered 9 billion voice commands last year. So X1 just gives a strategic flexibility with programming options. And so and we look at it very broadly that way and we provide I think the best of live, the on demand in terms of DVR and then now with all this new content that comes on, I think that just gives us the strategic flexibility. So I think it's a very good point and we look at it that way.
Brian Roberts: Well, I don't think we have any new revelations on that last part of the question on the 600 megahertz. But I think we're very pleased with the relationship with Verizon, big companies there's always going to be some issue somewhere between those one moment in time or another. But if you step back and say we've become a meaningful contributor to the wireless net adds in our markets where constantly looking to innovate the product and make sure we have the latest offerings available, sometimes we're successful that, sometimes where we're not perfect. And I think we've hit a good stride as Mike and Dave were just talking about it. So I think the strategy to become a meaningful part of some other folk's networks rather than go out and build our own very comfortable with that broad category of question. There's plenty in the detail that is always being worked on. Dave, you're closer to it. I just want to add one of the point then before that is what we learned. We've learned the wireless can really achieve what we thought, which is to reduce churn for the customers who take all our products. And if you go back to the Uber view that we're now looking for profitable relationships and make those relationships deeper, more digital, better experience and better value, wireless checks a lot of those boxes particularly on value, the way we are structured, simple offer, there is only two options, customers get it. Most of the people take by the gig and that is how our relationship with Verizon works. So it sets up economically to be some particle. And I think we're on a trajectory that we believe we can get to as we said standalone economics that support the business and we're on our way.
Brian Roberts: So let me just end the call by saying really how please we were at 2018 and we're off to a great start in 2019. I think just that last answer that Mike gave, we look at Sky as really unique, it's different than Cable and it's taking all of us time to understand those differences and the same thing, it's got the content company and it's covers the entire footprint where it offers its product. So as it renegotiates, it's probably got different characteristics than either of our two businesses. But I think you're going to like what you see and it's going to add to our capabilities worldwide. And those capabilities really do come together I think in the OTT announcement just to pick that as an example because not only will it draw out the best of our content creation capabilities whether that's in film or television, whether that's original or you know recurring series, it needs broadband to get the great capabilities of that streaming service and that's the core of where the cable companies focused. As we discuss this morning and that broadband had a fantastic 2018. And xFi has a roadmap of innovation unto itself in 2019 and beyond which is as exciting as what we've done previously on great speed and now we're looking at other ways. And all this takes advantage of X1 and Q which are the best capabilities in the world in what we do. We can always do better, we had 500 engineers meeting yesterday in our new Technology Center and we've just got a real you know I think credibility in the technology space now to keep innovating. And it all comes back to what we give our customers and we see how well Sky's performance has been and customer experience and NPS make great progress on the cable side taking truck rolls out and calls as we've heard NPS performance improvement. So all in all you know that's what's giving us the confidence to raise the dividend and to start 2019 off to a great start. So thank you to the team.
Michael Cavanagh: So Phil, it's Mike. I'll start and Dave can pile on. But I think it's all in 50 basis points of margin improvement. It's some of all of the above, but I think as I've said repeatedly that Dave and team are doing the same things on an ongoing basis in terms of staying focused on non-programming expenses which is the customer experience journey which has been of great value to our customers. And so a virtuous cycle that continues to continue to make it a better more digitized experience which brings out cost in the businesses, gets reinvested in other parts of the experience. But all that's going to continue. And I think confident that non-program expenses will be managed well going forward and it's embedded in that 50 basis points of margin improvement. We said the kind of another lower year of programming expense growth as we predicted two, three years back that that would be the trend. And so again it's all in there. And there is there is a mix shift going on as you point out and the more we see a shift to connectivity, which we have in the revenue mix that's long term positive trend for the margins in the Cable business as well. And hopefully we beat our expectations like we did last year, but our expectations are 50 basis points of improvement.
Michael Cavanagh: We're you know at a level where we're really pleased with what we see happening in the mobility business and hence the move into the cable business. I think we've said for a while now that we're running now at a level of ads that the losses are going to be commensurate with what the ad trajectory looks like from here. So let myself get pinned down on that one but that is the two will go hand in glove with each other and we like the pace of growth that we've had in the business over the course of 2018, I think hopefully we get something similar in 2019.
Michael Cavanagh: And I am Mike. For Sky, healthy means you know really growth in customers, growth across all markets and you know growth in financial results which is better you know higher than last year is what I would say healthy is mid-single-digits is a fair you know level to think about. And I did point out that will be more back and waited for the reasons I have mentioned earlier just sports rights you know coming, reset for Italy in August of last year, so we'll have to in the second half of the year we'll lap that and we'll see the improved rates for Premier League and the UK business kick in in the second half. So we'll achieve that healthy growth over the course of the year with back half lighter and back end second half heavier.
