Brian L. Roberts: Okay. Well, thank you and good morning. So first big comment would be that we're performing well in broadband. If you look at us versus all the competitors that have reported, you're going to see growth – continued growth and we expect that to continue for the rest of the year, and hopefully, for years to come. And that's why, I think we make that statement. I think our product is better. So what Dave's doing, and I'll let him talk about it, is we're taking some of that same innovation, as you alluded to, that we brought to Video, which is why our Video results have been pretty strong the last several years compared to, again, the marketplace. It's that innovation and that culture of every month the product gets better. So we have a whole team of people who are trying to be more than just we're getting faster and better. But, again, Dave, why don't you jump in, and Steve can talk about the Video. But, again, I think company-wide, I think we're executing better than maybe a lot of people believe these businesses can do. And that's why we think it's going to continue for the future. It's great momentum.
Brian L. Roberts: Thank you and thanks for posting that question in a broad way, which makes it, in my opinion – I thought we were really clear last quarter. So I guess, the chance to be even more clear. While, yes, we always look at the world around us and we do our jobs, frankly, and looking at opportunities. We love our business. Look at this quarter, 10% cash flow growth, 10% revenue growth, every one of the businesses performing well. So I don't see anybody quite doing that, frankly, in our space, quarter after quarter, by the way, not just one movie. And I think I've said and I think we've said in multiple forums that we really feel we're not missing anything. And so just to specifically talk about wireless, which I think was embedded in your question, no disrespect to wireless, it's a tough business. And our strategy of MVNO, we really like what we're doing – and just it's very, very early with XFINITY Mobile. And our early employee results and our first set of customers really improves a lot of the things we hoped it would improve. It will be a long road, but I don't see something happening in that industry that we envy a position that we don't have today. So while we continue to focus on what we've got, if you look at the mix of content, it's not just content for content's sake. I think putting an incredible team on the field and having an NBC be in first place, to have Telemundo really just surging. Big year we're going to have in sports with all the big events. And Cable, Dave just talked about it. It's a fantastic strategy. I think we have a really special company and I wouldn't want to do anything to change that.
Brian L. Roberts: I just want to add one other thing, too. Dave has been doing this for us for 20 years now or more, and has seen it all. And what I like about his leadership is the mix, and Neil before him. And you'll see a lot of results today. We've got a busy day for the analysts and our sympathies go out to you for all the companies reporting on the same day. I don't know that you'll see subscriber results and revenue growth and cash flow, and it's that balance that is the way Dave's leadership and the team he's got is trying to run the company. And I think that's what we're going to try to do in the future.
Brian L. Roberts: Well, let me just start by saying that I'm very pleased with the organization for – we complied and in many cases exceeded all the requirements that were placed on us. And I think that it'll be less of an administrative burden for sure when the consent decree ends, but we have great momentum. And I think hopefully we'll look forward. We won't look back. I don't have a specific answer for you probably today in that regard, but I do think we've executed really well in the past. So I don't want to say any more about the consent decree as we get toward the end of it. But I will say that the two companies have worked really well together. And one of the themes that this will probably allow that to even continue and maybe increase in the future is just how well the culture of the company is – Comcast, NBCUniversal. I'm really pleased and proud of that, and I think that the results that we just talked about for the last hour, I think, demonstrate that.
David N. Watson: Yes, Ben, so – as Brian said, there is significant runway ahead of broadband. And the key to me when you look at this is the upside of the opportunity. We're sitting at 45% penetration right now. So there's growth just there. The overall market is growing with only 75% of households subscribing to Internet access. And so mostly, from our position, it's the innovation that Brian's talking about. We like our formula. We deliver very fast, reliable service. And the focus – the shift that we've had around innovation is around WiFi in the home. And a key for us to staying ahead of competition with speed, capacity, coverage, and capability. And xFi is a good example of that. I think we deliver on all these points. With xFi, you get fantastic wireless gateways. We're just introducing a new advanced wireless gateway that can get you up to 1 gig WiFi speed. So it delivers great coverage in the home. And it gives for the first time – one of the pain points for customers – the ability to connect just an ever-increasing amount of wireless devices in the home and let you simply and easily manage all of that within your home. So I think when you add it all up, we like our position. There could be continued innovative focus around the broadband category, but we have good momentum.
David N. Watson: Let me start, Marci. It's Dave. So we go through competitive cycles with all sorts of providers, not the least of which the telephone company. So we're very accustomed to moments where they discount a bit more. Our focus is to stay disciplined around delivering the best products. We put them in packages that work for customers. And so whether it's X1, just talked about broadband, those are the keys. We always compete, and we always segment. We always go after different market segments and making sure we are competitive for each of those. So we do tweak our go-to-market approaches. We've been doing that for a long time. So I don't see anything materially different in our approach to stay very focused on delivering the best products in the marketplace and being competitive.
David N. Watson: So, hey, Jessica. Dave. So let me start with Video. It is – as you said, it's a very competitive environment, lots of new entrants coming in, and doing different things. The key is we really like our position overall. We've got this terrific platform X1 with the unbelievable functionality of the voice remote and the complete – the overall level of choices that we deliver and the amount of the breadth of content on-demand, live, DVR, and new entrants that are now part of X1, like Netflix, all seamlessly integrated. So in addition, as I mentioned before, we're going to compete vigorously across the board for every segment. And so we do break it down, whether it's students, whether it's millennials. And so we're seeing really good benefits. And I think while they're sampling, you see new entrants come in. For us, we're going to stay very focused on our strengths. And one of the things, too, that we're rolling out is, we've talked about before is Instant TV. Instant TV, again, we're launching this. We've been testing it for a while. We'll launch it more broadly in the second half of the year. And, again, this is an in-home Title VI cable service, with a managed network, without a set-top box. So it's ideal for certain segments and millennials in the test markets; very good response. So we'll continue to roll that out. There's a lot of appeal, different price points that we're testing around that. But our key is to leverage our strength in X1 and Video, but also compete for every segment.
David N. Watson: Thanks, Mike. So, as Mike just said, it starts with us, we're looking at high-margin businesses. So you said that we're all very focused on broadband commercial. But the key driver, I think, to your question, Phil, is that the rate of growth for non-programming expenses is trending lower in 2017 and certainly continued trending it from last year. So this is a combination of things. We've always been very focused on cost management. But the key thing that we're looking at is getting yield from our customer experience investments. And we made those investments. We like the results. And we believe very strongly that this is going to yield a better customer experience also. So it's often the case that you do a good job and you're taking transactions out. You're going to get a lower cost of delivering service. So I think we're getting out ahead of a lot of customer service issues. We've got ways to go, but we're really pleased with our progress. So – and this comes in – you look at call volumes coming out, truck rolls, and so contact rates. All of these things are really trending in the right direction. So I like our momentum there. We're going to stay very focused on taking transactions out, but at the same time, this is going to be good for the customer.
David N. Watson: Yes. Sure, John. So on the telcos side, it's mostly in terms of the shift, there's – again, this competitive cycle, it's the telephone companies being a little bit more aggressive on discounting. And again, we compete. We take it all seriously. We look at everything, and don't take it for granted. So we do compete, but the adjustments we make are modest in nature, very targeted. And so we like, again, our position as I talked about before. And you connect that and sometimes, you have a lot of new entrants coming in. So a lot of sampling on the new folks over-the-top. But, again, I talked about our Video and broadband momentum. On Instant TV, this is a program that we've been looking at to go after. Primarily the segments that, like millennials, this is not something that we'll do broad-based in terms of our approach to the market. This is going to be very targeted; primarily digital in nature and how we do it. We love our fall video positioning with X1. So we'll continue to compete aggressively with that. But Instant TV gives us one more part of the portfolio to be able to go after different segments with. So it'll be fully launched towards the end of Q3 and will be part of our go-to-market approach.
David N. Watson: You got it. All right. So a couple of – it's way early, as Brian said, but a couple of observations. First off, it's operationally scaling well. Again, very early, but we're pleased with just in general as we have rolled this out across the footprint. One thing that maybe in terms of where the customers or how they're onboarding, about half of the customers are going through our digital channel, which is terrific. So Greg Butz and his team have really done a terrific job. And I think it speaks to just how easy this experience is for customers. And not only is it easy to onboard but, as Brian said, it's really easy to manage your service on an ongoing basis. We're one of the only ones that you can go back and forth literally with the click of a button and you can change your By-the-Gig to unlimited and back and forth. So it's a really extraordinary digital experience. And so we're pleased with that. The other observation early on is that there's real value By the Gig. We have – most of our customers are taking By the Gig versus unlimited. So we can do both. And the partnership with Verizon is going well. And so early response from customers is extremely positive. They like the service. They like the value. They like just how easy this is. And so in regards to things, I think it's the – quite frankly, there's an opportunity to go the other way, especially as we leverage our existing retail capabilities and digital capabilities, I think mobile is an opportunity to expand consideration for other products. And while there may be some – a little bit of focus, whether it's packaging around wireline voice, I think it gives us an opportunity to talk about everything that we do. So we're really encouraged about our early-stage retail launches where we see that happening. So real pleased with their early results.
David N. Watson: Sure. So I think the larger business services opportunity is enterprise. It's upside for us. Currently, we're within our footprint. We're at less than 5% of the overall revenue opportunity. So what we're seeing is solid cooperation with the other cable operators and really helping large businesses that have local offices throughout the country. So I think so far we're real pleased with our progress. A lot of very premier accounts that have jumped on board. Again, early innings on this one, too, but we're pleased and I think there's upside there. On 5G, we're testing it. We're looking at it. I've commented before that it's something that, I think, will evolve and take a while. It's not something that will be immediate, but we'll look at it as closely as everybody else. From our vantage point, there's work to do there, but we'll stay very close to that. I continue to believe that it's an opportunity for the mobile providers to enhance their mobile data service, but in regards to any other implications, way too early.
Stephen B. Burke: So the over-the-top services that have been launched so far, doing about as we expected they would do. And they're not all that material to our business. They've all launched. They have subscribers. We have deals in place with all of them. They're actually very favorable. So from an NBCUniversal point of view, if someone goes to an over-the-top provider, it's actually slightly better. But it's a very tough business. And as we've said before, we're skeptical that it's going to be a very large business or profitable business for the people that are in it. And they're off to a relatively slow start. In terms of the overall subscriber trends, they're the same as they have been. No speed-up or slowdown in the modest subscriber losses that we've seen over the last few years.
Stephen B. Burke: So regarding the upfront, I think it was a pretty good upfront for the television business in general. It was a particularly good upfront for us. We went into the upfront with NBC ahead if you take out the Super Bowl at Fox, we were 20% ahead in terms of primetime ratings of anybody else. Brian mentioned Telemundo, but we also had strength at MSNBC, cable strength, sports. And our approach to ad sales, starting five years ago, we put all of the ad sales under Linda Yaccarino, and Linda and her team sell the entire portfolio together, which, since we're the biggest provider of television advertising, we tend to go first. We've gone first the last few years in the upfront. And that yielded, I think, a greater result than was the typical result. Our upfront volume was up about 8%, which represents about $400 million. And that doesn't include the Olympics and Super Bowl where we sold some ads on top of that 8% increase. We think we led the market in terms of Broadcast by a few points and Cable was at the high-end of the range. We've been talking over the last six years or so about a monetization gap. We think every year we're chipping away at that and we've closed a lot of the monetization gap. In terms of did we pull demand forward? I don't think so. I think the demand, really for the last two years or three years, has been remarkably consistent throughout the year and the percentage that went in the upfront, I don't see any major sign that that percentage is higher or lower than it has been traditionally. And all the signs we see more recently than the upfront point to continued strength in the advertising markets, and we're doing well in terms of our advanced sales on the Super Bowl and the Olympics and everything else. So I think we feel pretty confident.
Stephen B. Burke: So in terms of ratings and what's going on in the video landscaping, it's a very interesting time to be in the television business. I think you have to assume that ratings are going to – linear ratings are going to continue to decline. I'm not sure if the decline is going to speed up or slow down. I think the safest thing is to assume it's going to continue. But overall video consumption if you include consumption on the Internet, I think most think it's as high as it's ever been. And the first part of our challenge is to make sure that we monetize better, that we get ratings and then monetization at a better rate than we currently do with consumption on the Internet. The second thing is to try to get more of the Internet functionality, target ability, and data into our traditional television advertising. And I think we've been a leader in that. We have a lot of data enhanced products and ways to position our television advertising with some of our digital assets and the partnerships we have. We're a shareholder in BuzzFeed, and Vox and Snap, and we're doing a lot of selling with Apple and AOL and others. So that when Linda Yaccarino goes to market, we can offer television products, which are data-enhanced and then bundles, which include television and traditional digital advertising. So it's certainly more challenging. There are more variables to play with. But I like our hand, and we, I think, have been as aggressive as anybody in trying to make sure that we're continually evolving and giving advertisers what they want, which is the tremendous reach of television, still the best way to reach a large market. But some of the targeting that people have started to realize is attractive because of the Internet.
Stephen B. Burke: So when we make these digital investments, we actually call them beacon investments, because we like to think that by investing in BuzzFeed, or Vox, or Snap, we're telling our employees and their employees that we really want to work together. So it's not a passive or inactive process. So when we make the investment, we would sit down with the management teams of the various companies and try to identify a half dozen projects to work on. And in each of those three companies, we've had very material projects succeed in the marketplace. Our most recent investment was Snapchat. And we have a show called The Rundown, which is produced by E!, which is getting 5 million to 10 million daily users, which makes real money. We just launched a second product based on an NBC News – a 24-hour-a-day NBC News product. Very unique. Launched – I believe it was last week. It's called Stay Tuned and it's off to a very, very strong start. And we've done similar things with BuzzFeed and Vox. And a big part of our job, I think, as the company gets more digital DNA into our company, is to find digital investments with companies that we can learn from and get into business with as opposed to just making an investment. So I think Vox, BuzzFeed and Snap are three great companies. We've learned a lot from them and we're better off for having made those investments.
Michael J. Cavanagh: Hey, Phil, it's Mike. I'll start and Dave can finish. So for 2017, as we started the year, we expected programming to be up 13%. Programming costs, we came in in the first half of the year at around 12% and I wouldn't expect it to be much different in the second half. In terms of non-programming costs, you saw the great results in the first half of the year and we think those trends are steady. So we're just revising today the guidance for the full year this year and we expect to be flat to 2016. And as you know, we don't go into a multi-year guidance. But I think what Dave and I have both said previously is that we're going to continue to drive growth in our high margin businesses, high-speed data and business services, which were obviously margin positive. We do expect programming costs as we've said to come down into the high single-digits in years after 2017. And then, finally, on the non-programming costs side, a lot of the efforts that Dave and Neil have been putting in over multiple years into customer service, in particular, are paying dividends in terms of reduced truck rolls, lower calls, on top of higher satisfaction. And that's been a tailwind to non-programming expenses. And Dave can comment further, but we're going to continue to execute against those kind of trends. But, again, we don't go beyond the year we're in in terms of guidance. So I'll leave it there.
Michael J. Cavanagh: Thanks, Bryan. It's Mike. So there's just some one-time choppiness in that number. We can deal with that – give you more color offline, if you like, but nothing that would affect the go-forward trends that you've seen before this quarter.
Michael J. Cavanagh: Hey, Kannan. It's Mike. So I'll start again on this one. So scalable infrastructure – think about it as adding capacity and speed to our network generally in things like Cloud DVRs and the like. As we see greater usage to our network, we're investing to keep the experience ahead of our customer expectations. And so that's what you would see in that CapEx line. And then we've said repeatedly we want to continue to invest in that broadband network for the future we see for the business. In terms of line extensions, that's connecting more addresses to our networks. And so that's largely led by business services. And pushing the business services is obviously high-growth business. Some of the hyper-builds we talk about – the growth in line extensions is driven by that.
