Stephen B. Burke: So we had a very good quarter in Film in the first quarter. But if you take Film out of the equation, the rest of NBCUniversal grew over 13% during the quarter. And by the way, I think we're going to have a very good quarter this second quarter in Film as well. But really, it's every part of the company hitting on all cylinders. If you look at affiliate fees, we did a bunch of big deals at the end of the year. And you'll see in the numbers this quarter, affiliate fees were up, I think, 9%. And that's now built into our base, so that should continue to go throughout the rest of the year. In terms of ad sales, we're going to the upfront with the strongest hand we've ever had, by a lot. NBC primetime's relative advantage, in other words, we're in first place by more than we have ever been, I think going all the way back to the early 2000s. And Telemundo has been neck-and-neck with Univision in primetime, which was unthinkable five years ago. MSNBC's beating CNN in prime most nights. And then as you go into next year, we have the Super Bowl, the Winter Olympics and the World Cup on Telemundo, so we couldn't be going into the upfront with a stronger hand. I think the advertising market is quite strong. We've already started discussions with big advertising buying groups. And I think we have a lot of momentum and a lot more to go. When we first looked at NBCUniversal when we bought it, we were making a little less than $3.5 billion. I think this year, we're going to be somewhere in the $8 billions, $8.3 billion, $8.4 billion, $8.5 billion, so we've added about $5 billion worth of cash flow in the last six years. I think we can continue to find places to grow. I don't know what inning we're in, but we're certainly not in the ending innings of above market growth. We still have a lot of opportunity areas, consumer products, Telemundo, a lot of different parts of this business that are yet to build out, and we're excited to continue to do that in quarters ahead.
Stephen B. Burke: So let me start with the writers' strike. I think in the majority of cases, things get resolved. And I'm optimistic and hopeful that the writers' strike will get resolved. Strikes aren't good for anybody. The people on both sides of the table tend to lose and I'm hopeful that we're going to get it done. And we're coming down to the deadline. In terms of local advertising, I think the national and local markets are quite different and exhibit different characteristics. I do think there's more weakness in local. I think national is quite strong, but I think local has pockets of weakness. We're in a unique position because we have gained so much share at the NBC stations, and the Telemundo stations are growing so quickly in terms of ratings, that we're not as affected. We've grown EBITDA very substantially in the owned stations over the last few years. So we're feeling good about the local station market. Our retransmission consent numbers are growing very, very dramatically and our ad sales are just fine, but I do think it's a fair comment that the local advertising market is weaker than the national one.
Stephen B. Burke: Cable Networks, which grew, I think, 17% in terms of revenue this quarter, I think that's going to be a high watermark. I don't think we're going to replicate that many quarters in the future. I think this is still a good business. It's a very profitable business and it's a business we should be able to grow. I don't think we're going to grow it more than, call it, low to mid-single-digit growth rate, but you've basically got a bunch of different ways that you make money. You've got affiliate fees, which in this quarter went up 9%. That won't always be the case, but affiliate's fees should go up. You've got ad sales, which is a function of ratings and CPM. And, to a degree, they cancel each other out, but I think it's quite possible that we will have quarters where ad sales go backwards. But if affiliate fees go up and ad sales go backwards, you can still have revenue growth. And then the other way you obviously make revenue is by content distribution deals with people like Netflix and Hulu and Amazon. And we had a good deal in this quarter, which increased that. And then you can also make money on digital and other new technologies. Over-the-Top I think is going to be moderately beneficial to these businesses. We're not counting on Over-the-Top being a huge impact, but I think it will be moderately beneficial. And it's going to be a grindier business than it was, but it's a lot of cash. And I think our job is to continue to grow the legacy businesses and the businesses that are very profitable but have a lower growth rate, while at the same time investing in things like theme parks, consumer products, Telemundo, digital, et cetera, that have higher growth rates and hopefully blend it to something that is attractive to investors.
Stephen B. Burke: Well, I think it's early on. I mean, if you look at the ratings for Sunday Night Football or Thursday Night Football when Twitter had the deal, or the Olympics when we do our streaming, streaming is typically very low single-digit percentage of the total. And then in many of these deals, and this is the case with the Twitter deal and the Amazon deal, the same ads that are on linear are also in the digital feed. So from an aggregating-an-audience point of view, it really has been a very minimal impact, and the impact is combined. I think more broadly, we feel very good about our sports deals. We have an Olympics deal that goes out until 2032. And we have a long-term NFL deal. And these are deals that really make their money on advertising. The bulk of the money that we make on the Olympics is because we're advertising on primetime. They're not affiliate fee-related. They're not related to the number of subs that are in the MVPD universe. These are deals that basically wash their face very nicely based on advertising and they're long term, and so we like the sports business a lot. We think a company like ours should be in the sports business. The Olympics are part of the DNA of NBCUniversal. And it's a good business, in our opinion, going forward for many, many years. Families will gather to watch major sporting events. And they're going to want to watch it predominantly, not always, not 100%, but predominantly on a big screen. And we're happy to be the company that brings those big events to them.
Michael J. Cavanagh: And finally, Jessica, it's Mike. On spectrum, we can't speak to the spectrum, other than to confirm what we did, which I did earlier. But I'll just say we approached it the way we said we would before the auction started, and we're pleased with the outcome. We'll leave it at that for today.
Michael J. Cavanagh: So it's Mike. Just on Cable margins, we gave guidance for the year that we'd be flat to down 50 basis points for the year, with programing costs continuing to be high this year and that we did expect to drive improvement in the rates on non-programming expenses. So had a very good first quarter, but as far as going down the road on changing any guidance, we're not doing that. That said, I'll hand it over to Dave to give some qualitative stuff of what he's doing because all that will really continue.
Michael J. Cavanagh: And, Vijay, on capital returns, so the company's got a great track record of being very thoughtful about how we balance our needs to invest in the business and return capital to shareholders. So we maintain a strong capital structure, as you know. And we think that's strategically important. We like the idea of consistently increasing the return of capital to shareholders, but making sure that we keep the ability to allocate strategic capital to take advantage of opportunities when they arise. So it's way too early on tax reform to say anything, other than we seemingly are positioned well to be a beneficiary of the various ways in which it might shake out. And once we have some final details, we'll take all that into consideration through the lens that we've always talked about, our balancing capital priorities.
Michael J. Cavanagh: Well, Jonathan, it's Mike. Thanks for the question. I mean, Dave covered earlier all of the things that are ongoing in the business, in terms of attacking non-programming expenses. And we've commented previously on where programming goes. So the answer, as I said earlier, is we're not going to go beyond the guidance we already gave of margins for this year, but we'll keep working on optimizing the business for the long term and we'll be back to you early next year with our thoughts.
Brian L. Roberts: Well, we've been talking about wireless for 20 years. And we sold our wireless company, which Dave ran and that was how Dave came into Comcast Cable. And I don't think we have any regrets with that decision. And the question of where wireless is and where it's going, I think we've done a really good job of making sure the company now has that offering in our bundle. It is for our bundled customers. It is in our footprint. And it is going to be a fabulous value for those customers with the brand-new product that you would buy, a new cell phone, tablet. It will have premier coverage from both Verizon Wireless' network and our best Wi-Fi network and it's going to intelligently allow you to be on Wi-Fi without having to log in. And any time there's extended Wi-Fi, it will automatically give you all your capabilities. And coupled with that, as we were talking about, a great digital experience, where there's really just two options; all you do is you push the app and you see how many gigabits you've consumed. You pay $12 a gigabit. And if at any time you want to just click a button, push one button and you're now unlimited. And based on what package customer you are, it's either $45 or $65 for that unlimited option and you can switch back. If you're going out of the country, if you're not going to use your phone, push the button to go by the gig. You get five devices and there's no line charge for any of those devices if you're one of our broadband customers. That's pretty great. And I think, in our minds, that gives us what we need. And so we are always looking at where future technologies are going and things of that nature, but, right now, I think we look at our results today, compare them to anything that we've seen and take Jessica's comment a moment ago, I couldn't be more pleased with the portfolio of our company and the trajectory we're on, and leave it at that and say we're really pleased with the team's effort.
Brian L. Roberts: I think the second part in regards to out-of-footprint opportunities, Marci, there're kind of two things. One, we think we have a lot of opportunity just in our footprint. It's a big upside. We continue to believe in what we're doing. So that's the first thing. The second thing, we just haven't found the business model that works outside. We'll keep evaluating, keep looking at it, but our success within our footprint is packaging, bundling. So we'll continue to drive that internally within our footprint.
Brian L. Roberts: Okay. Ben. Got a lot in there so we'll see if we can cover all that or we'll take a shot. Let me just kick off on the xFi, which is we're going to talk about it a little bit down the road so let me leave a little bit as we put it out there, but as a strategy matter, a couple relevant things. First of all, as I don't have to remind you, we have more broadband customers than we do video. And the rate of that growth is pretty exciting in broadband. So as we built and I think completely remade Comcast in the last decade into an innovation and technology thinking and new products company, our team looked at the broadband space and said, well, right now, it's really just speed is the main differentiator. But our usage of broadband in the home, whether it's your home printer, your tablets, smart devices, home security is just exploding with the amount of things. And if you project out two, five, 10 years, you're going to see more and more use of broadband in the home. That's the bet we're making. I think it's a fairly safe bet. So how do we bring the same innovation mentality that we did to video the last decade with the incredible X1 and then the voice remote and the content and the rights management all working seamlessly for the consumer? And that's the trajectory that I think the team is on. We're going to deliver to our broadband customers levels of options of services, levels of speeds and services, but also a mindset of innovation, constant innovation. And some of the things – and Dave, you can go into specifics or we can hold that, but I think it's demonstrating to us that we have a leadership and we're going to use that leadership opportunity to innovate.
Brian L. Roberts: Just to be clear, it doesn't require everybody to go get a new device. There may be some opportunities for customers to want to upgrade to different things, but as we launched XFINITY with an X1, it was when we reached a certain level, you got a certain service. You were no longer in the past. You were in the future. I think that's the mindset as we're thinking about this.
Brian L. Roberts: I think, on your regulatory question, we're encouraged that the FCC made the announcement yesterday and is beginning a process to revisit whether Title II is really the right regime. We've said for a long time that we think it puts a damper on ability to invest and react to change. And we steward a lot of capital every year. And so having the right kind of consumer protections and Net Neutrality, which we've said we support and want, but not in a regulatory regime designed for a different era that doesn't apply to the business. And so the beginning of that conversation is heartening and I think it will allow for, hopefully, an end result that balances the need for consumers and our commitment, legally enforceable, for those consumers to know that they can surf an open and free Internet, but not do so in a way that has real dark clouds for our investment community.
Brian L. Roberts: Let me just, if I might, wrap up by just saying that great start to the quarter, and I think that you can tell by the Q&A, that there's a lot of projects and momentum that is unique. I also think, Dave, hopefully, everybody else can see why we're so excited to have Dave leading the Cable division. He's got a grasp of the issues. He's going to take the work that Neil started and he started with him, and accelerate us and focus even better as we go forward and pick priorities as we now go into new businesses, and his expertise is particularly perfect at this moment. So really, really pleased with this start, and we look forward to reporting to you next quarter.
David N. Watson: Well, we expect the rate of growth for non-programming expenses to trend lower in 2017 compared to 2016 and this is as we continue to focus on the benefit from the customer experience initiatives that Brian outlined, I talked about. And we will continue to have really focused cost management, so there's big opportunities. While we're not changing anything in regards to the margin and where things are going, what we're focusing on is continuing to take transactions out, by just doing a better job of handling repeats and all the digital capabilities and we're seeing it really take hold. So I think there's upside in regards to these operational efficiencies. This will be online. This will be through apps. And actually, right through X1 itself, you'll be able to resolve issues. So the voice remote will connect you to content. The voice remote will also be a service option. So we're excited about this. This is going to be a big focus in regards to efficiencies, but no changes, obviously, as Mike said, to margin guidance. And on Home Security, the second part, excited about Home Security. This is another good opportunity we talked about another option for us in terms of packaging. Just in our footprint alone, it's a $9 billion opportunity. And so we added the 66,000 for the quarter and just about 1 million customers at this point. So the benefits for Home Security continue to be in packaging. We have over 90% of our customers, Home Security customers, are subscribing to three or four product bundles and half of these customers are brand new to us. So it opens up, as I expect Mobile to and has been proven with XFINITY Home, it helps consideration. So we're bringing new people in to think about overall, our packaging. So we're pleased with it. We are not giving any financials as the specifics of Home Security, but it's a healthy contributor to our efforts.
David N. Watson: Well, first off, thank you, Craig, and appreciate that. Let me start with 5G and I'll get to the Wi-Fi question. First, the main thing with 5G, reminding everybody, I think folks know, it is early. I've been through it before, back in the day, in wireless. There are promising, really promising, aspects of the new technologies, but it takes time to scale. So while there may be early-stage applications of something like 5G, we compete today with microwave applications, the MDUs in dense urban areas. So, again, while there's promise, we're going to stay close to it. We're testing both fixed and mobile aspects of it. And I think the main question for 5G, at least for us, with this higher frequency range, can it be used to broadly, reliably and economically deliver fixed wireless broadband? So we're going to stay right next to it, and I think we're on the same testing curve as everybody else. I don't believe, at this stage at all, that it's a significant threat in regards to the wireless fixed broadband side. But in the meantime, on that front, we're not standing still. We're going after DOCSIS 3.1. We're rolling it out. We'll have 65% of that deployed by the end of the year. We're working on great devices; the best wireless gateway that we have, that'll deliver 1 gig capability. So this will continue to improve our competitive position as this evolves, and we'll stay close to it. As to the question on the wireless side and the technical side, no new news in terms of the timeframe. I would say we are working on the Wi-Fi capability. As Brian mentioned, we got a good first step in terms of the auto connection, just taking some of the pain points out of the interaction between 4G and Wi-Fi, simplifying that process. The next step that we're on, that's one of them, but no timeframe to deliver that seamless handoff.
David N. Watson: Well, let me offer just a couple things. We are excited about xFi. It'll rolled out later, so more to come. But our goal is to do to broadband what we did with video and X1, create a much better experience of Wi-Fi. Our strategy has been to focus in the home with providing great Wi-Fi because great high-speed Internet is not just a connected experience; it's Wi-Fi spread throughout the house. So xFi is simply three things: it's great speed; it's great coverage; and then this next generation cloud capability control. It lets you define the user experience throughout the household. So, again, more to come on that, but I think it's a premium position for us and evidence that we're going to keep growing the broadband category, not just on speed, but coverage is awfully important so we'll control over time, so more to come.
David N. Watson: That's a great point. It will have approximately 10 million customers can immediately benefit from this in terms of the devices. So they'll be new devices, existing devices, so we're in pretty good shape to go after a large chunk of our customers.
David N. Watson: Let me take Business Services, Frank. So one of the things that, right from the beginning to look at, we're still, there's a lot of opportunity and upside around growth and you look at the three basic categories that we have: SMB, we're at 40%; penetration midmarket, we're at 10% penetration; enterprise, less than 5%. So I think extensions, plan extensions, it's success-based, but opportunistically looking at a couple of proactive ones where they make sense and get a good return, we'll continue to evaluate those. And we think those are good sound areas to keep investing. We like our rate of growth. Bill Stemper and his team are doing a fabulous job. So it's an area that will continue to have sustainable good revenue growth, but we'll invest to keep that going.
David N. Watson: Let me start, the competitive landscape. So there's no question that video, high-speed, both are competitive, but it has been competitive. I'd start with maybe the most important thing I'd tell you is we added 42,000 video customers in the quarter and so there's a lot to that in terms of what we're doing. The good news is it's not one thing that puts us in that position. Let's start with a fantastic X1 platform. How we go to market through segmentation and packaging that make sense for customers, and I would say we're in the early innings of operational improvements and how we deliver good bundles, good packaging, that helps us compete. So one of the main things that we look at is constant churn improvement and making sure that, as we have success, which I think we're holding our own, on attracting new customers, but we also want to hold onto folks longer. So I think that our product position is strong and how we compete against folks when – we've been going up against discounted video offerings for some time. And so we look at the new entrants as a broad category and we won't necessarily chase everything. We stick with our guns. Our guns are developing and providing great products and good healthy packaging and taking broadband video, whether it now, home security, phone and/or mobile. I think that will help us compete. So to the extent that we go and leverage any other form of lower priced tiers, we do that in an extremely targeted and segmented way, and we think that that helps us compete. So I like our position and like our momentum. We had, again, good quarter, feel good about the video momentum, even with the increased competitive climate.
