Neil Smit: Well, I think it's a little bit of both, Jason. HSI continues to grow, and we're over indexing versus last year, and I think that's primarily organic and that we have a superior product. With regards to the phone product, CDV, that has -- we did a really strong back-to-school campaign, and we're refocused more on single and double products, and we were less focused on Triple Play, and I think it showed in the video and the HSD results. As we were still indexing, if you look at year-to-date, 80% versus last year. So the indexing is still in line, and as we go into the fourth quarter, we'll return more to our normal marketing program, which is primarily focused on Triple Play.
Neil Smit: Craig, so as you know, Xcalibur is our next-gen IP service, and it provides a better UI and access to a lot of different interactive services. We're testing down in Augusta right now, and we've been very pleased with the test results. I think in terms of rollout, we're currently working on a rollout. We'll go to a major market in the first half of the year, and then we'll be rolling it out on a more widespread basis during the year. And we'll be able to roll out Xcalibur across a variety of platforms including the Parker box that we have in Augusta, additional high-end set-top boxes and other COM devices, customer-owned and maintained devices, such as the Xbox and other devices. So from a positioning perspective, we're not quite clear how we want to position it yet. We're working on that into what customers it'll go and the pricing and whatnot. So that's work in progress.
Neil Smit: Doug, from a video perspective, we've been pleased with the results. I think it's based on a number of different factors. One is, I think, we're competing with better products. When the platforms were extended, with DOCSIS and All-Digital and CCDN, we're able to have better content, more content, better guides and XFINITY TV apps, which has now been downloaded 3.3 million times, as Brian mentioned. I think we're improving our customer service from both the reliability and convenience perspective. We're offering more customer service features online, for example. I think we've improved our retention and our focus there. We're doing better customer roll-offs, and I've been really proud of our field teams and how they're servicing the customer better. And I think our marketing investments have paid off. We increased marketing this quarter. It was very targeted, and the XFINITY brand is now taking stronghold. Non-customer consideration is up over 45%. So I believe that a lot of those investments are sustainable as it pertains to the actual subs themselves. We're pleased with the initial results. It's very early in the quarter to tell, but we'll keep focusing on it and offering new products and services on our video business.
Neil Smit: Stefan, this is Neil. HSD has been a great product for us, and I think we are successfully targeting DSL homes and taking share there because it is a better product. Our HSD-only subs as a percent of the HSD total are in the range of 10% to 15%. They've grown year-over-year, call it a couple of points. We will continue to offer -- go after that segment, and we'll use it also with an -- we have an HSD leading offer, within it combines HSD with either video or in some cases, phone. And that also has been a successful product for us. We're kind of -- we don't have a predetermined marketing plan. We kind of go with what sells best and what the consumers want, and we'll continue to adjust our pricing and packaging in that way.
Neil Smit: James, well, as you know, we're always testing new packaging and pricing. My TV Choice being one of the alternatives. We're testing in at about 3 different markets. It's constructed so that you have a get started package with 40 to 50 channels, and then it get started plus that has that, plus sports. And then people can add on $10 theme packs, such as kids or sports or news and entertainment. We've seen -- I think its very early to tell in terms of the test results, and all these things are done within the parameters of our existing programming deals, and I think the concept there was to offer consumers more choice, and I think they're responding well to that, but it's very early to tell.
Neil Smit: Vijay, well, as you referred to we've extended both All-Digital and DOCSIS 3.0, as well as our CCDN investments, and that's been really positive from both a capacity perspective, as well as the channel perspective. Concerning IP, we currently distribute all of our VOD and our national linear TV in IP over the backbone. We then convert it to MPEG, transport it to our regional hubs so that our services are compatible with the existing deployed set-top boxes. I think the other thing that's happened is all of our back-end systems we've converted to Web services architecture. So we can do things like the iPad app and deploy new apps very quickly and easily. So we've made a lot of currently existing investments. I think over time, using IP, there'll be significant benefits as we gradually migrate customers over the IP platform. It's more efficient, and we can innovate faster, as Brian referred to earlier. So that's the way to think of it. A lot of the investments have been made, and we'll gradually migrate to IP over time. So I think it's a great platform. It's efficient, and it enables us to innovate faster.
Stephen B. Burke: Advertising business continues to be strong, stronger on the national side than the local side but continues to be strong. We're 90% sold out for the Super Bowl. We're seeing lots of demand for all sorts of cable and broadcast advertising, so that still continues to be a bright spot.
Stephen B. Burke: Frank, we did spend higher in marketing in the business services side. As Michael referred to with CapEx, where we see growth, we'll invest. And so we were happy to invest more in marketing. The small and medium businesses doing very well, and we're just getting into the midsize business, both with Metro-E and PRI, our hosted voice. From a hiring perspective, we hired up pretty significantly already to service the midsize market. We're seeing revenue, which will become more material in '12 and '13. We'll continue to invest in that growth. We think both markets, the small and medium, as well as the midsize are great opportunities. And we've got a great team there, who's growing the business in good strides. And we continue -- I think we'll continue to see the growth in that business.
Stephen B. Burke: Well, I think in the quarter, it's hard to measure quarter-by-quarter as a percentage -- not to measure but to kind of draw a conclusion from that because the contracts are kind of firm in one quarter and begin in another. So I think we will continue to see programming costs rise, as Michael referred to. We're looking at the high single-digit increases, that would be including retrans. And we'll continue to manage them as best we can. I think that overall, our focus is continuing to leverage that programming in the most effective manner we can to offer great services and a great experience to our customers so they don't have to reason to go anywhere else.
Brian L. Roberts: The short answer on the owned stations side is, it's not a lot of money, and some of that money will come back. We've actually got some nice ratings momentum in some of the markets, including New York City. But the numbers are not big. I think the total investment we're talking about in terms of incremental head is in the $20 million, $30 million a year range.
Brian L. Roberts: One of the most -- it's Brian. One of the most significant aspects that appeals to us, and we're seeing that as we tweak it, is having the guide be on -- in the cloud and being able to move quickly and make changes and tweaks and modifications and create new apps. So we have an app we're testing. For instance, we saw yesterday within the sports area where you get just instant access to all the various games on television, and you know what's happening right now and you can change or just get updates or little video snippets, variety of things that also work on the iPad shortly. And so very, very exciting for the road map of innovation when you move the brains out of the box into the cloud.
Brian L. Roberts: Well, I think we're still sorting through investment opportunities and finding a lot of places where we think the business requires investment. I think what we tried to signal to people is that we thought this would be a flattish year in terms of operating cash flow, and that we would be making those investments in 2011 and 2012. The obvious question is, are you going to make a lot more? I think once you've got yourself at a level where you're making the right amount of investment in certain businesses like prime time and the cable channels, you don't need to exceed that level. So I think we're where we thought we would be. I don't think there's a huge amount of incremental investment in cable and broadcast. But on the other hand, we're still finding areas where we think there are very good ROI, solid investments that we don't want to box ourselves in. It's only been 9 months since we arrived and started making these investments. So I don't think there is a material increase. But on the other hand, when we find something that we think is worth investing in, and I think the World Cup soccer rights for Telemundo were a perfect example. If you're going to be in the business of Hispanic television, there are 2 major players. We have 20% market share, Univision has 80%. The premier property is World Cup soccer, and we think we structured a very attractive long-term deal to get those rights for Telemundo and certainly don't want to box ourselves into not being able to make those investments when they present themselves.
Brian L. Roberts: Well, I think we look at the whole experience for our customers and the best value for our customers. It's always a balance of rate and volume, and that's kind of part of what we do in any subscription business. And we look at how it plays within the overall bundle, which has still been a very effective value proposition as Triple Play churn comes down, so we feel strongly about continuing to offer voice and include that in a package. I think we're going to continue to invest in that product. We'll have some great new features and functionality coming out in the next quarter or 2. So voice will be a mainstay of our offering, and we'll continue to balance rate and volume.
Michael J. Angelakis: I'll take the margin question, Doug. The team has done a great job on margin improvement. As you can see, we're up 60 basis points for the quarter, as well as 60 basis points for the year. There's always some positives, some negatives. Some positives are we have improving product mix, which, as I said, business services and High-Speed Data and phone are certainly accretive. We also, as Neil has mentioned, are gaining real efficiencies in the business. So improving customer service in other areas is really actually helping on the operating cost, and that's been great results. We do have some negatives. Programming costs are a challenge. We continue to focus on that. But also we're making some real investment, whether it be marketing, as Neil just mentioned, or new services like we're doing a lot more in the midsize, where we're making some real investment. We're launching security, where we're doing some real investment. We're -- Xcalibur, we just talked about as well. So I feel pretty good about the margin. I think the team's done a great job, and I would look, hopefully, we can keep pretty stable margins.
Michael J. Angelakis: Well, one thing I want to make perfectly clear -- Neil, can jump in -- is I don't think we are "robbing from Peter to pay Paul" at all. I think we're investing a meaningful amount in new services like business services on the medium side. So I think we're being pretty aggressive with how we're funding those opportunities or security or Xcalibur or other kinds of areas. When you think about CapEx overall, I think, right now, we're just about 12.5% year-to-date with regards to our capital intensity, and I think as we enter the fourth quarter and go into 2012, we have a pretty good shot of bringing that intensity down a bit, while still being pretty aggressive of investing in areas where we think are terrific growth opportunities that have high ROI. So capital has been a focus of ours, and I think the team's done a great job of investing smartly in -- DOCSIS 3.0 and the All-Digital project are just great examples of terrific investments for us.
Michael J. Angelakis: You're right. It is primarily all purchase price accounting adjustment, so it is noncash. It does go through the P&L. That's one of the reasons why we sort of showed you the adjusted operating cash flow. Because its noncash, it really doesn't impact the year-over-year performance. So we wanted to show you, and you can look at Table 6 in our press release that really articulates what those numbers look like, but -- to give you accurate comparisons. But we're pretty much done with purchase price accounting. So we hopefully won't see anymore meaningful numbers going through the P&L.
