Brian Roberts: Thanks so much, and good morning. So I think demand, let me just start higher level with what I think our principles are. And then Dave can get into the specifics of some of the more detail that question. For broadband, just - demand just keeps going up. That's the importance of the product. And I think we're incredibly well-positioned to service our customers and monetize on the investments that we want to make. And the industry penetration has continue to expand. But despite that, we think we have a long runway for growth. We still believe with about 50% penetration in our footprint. That leaves us with the long part of the field to keep going. And we also are expanding the field, because we're able to grow the footprint and grow the addressable market, as I talked about given extensions and government subsidies and some of the investments by the government in broadband. And we're going to evaluate every opportunity we have to accelerate our passings. So from here, I expect the growth is going to be fueled by the strength of the network, focused on innovation and product differentiation. We're going to continue to improve our products to be best-in-class, increase our speeds, and always enhance the customer experience. And so, our ability to compete in segment to customers and do it throughout the entire market, not just regionally, I think these are all the advantages we've gotten where I think we're going to keep growing. But Dave, why don't you go into some of the pricing and volume and some of the questions that Ben asked.
Brian Roberts: Okay, there's a lot in there. And, Dana, I may come to you in a moment, or just had to comment a little bit about Connected in our early days of Sky Glass and just maybe in general, how you see it sets us up for the future. But I think that's the big picture answer that I would give, Doug is that we see people connecting to our network in a variety of ways in the future, and different generations of customers have different needs. So from the great new Wi-Fi device that Dave just talked about to what we can do with a new platform whether that gets you into Telemedicine, gaming, education, above and beyond all the entertainment, that news that we're doing today. And so when you play with Sky Glass or a Connected television, you see the potential opening up, it also creates a potential for partnerships with companies that want to use that platform, when extend their own products to different ways. So it creates relevancy for us with consumers. And our early learnings have been, I think pretty spectacular. So Dana, why don't you take a minute and just what you'll hear about Sky Glass also can relate to eventually XClass TVs, but Dana over to you.
Brian Roberts: Good, Dana. Thank you, Doug. A couple of things. Just following quickly, on Dana's point, we're very excited that Cable Group in the U.S. focusing on that global tech stack, and being able to pull off connected devices. And over time, we'll be opportunistic with what Dana is doing. And that we're leveraging our organizations just brought over from Sky working both with Sky, with Cable, Fraser Stirling that's looking across at all product innovation. And not only video, but also broadband. And that global tech stack is really important for us, XClass TV, it's early, but every single aggregation point will be converged over time, so that I think that's a real leverage opportunity. On your point of wireless, I think the biggest thing, Doug, is that there's just so much upside for us, the way we look at it, every single broadband home is an opportunity and every single broadband home should have at least a couple of lines. So to me, the addressable market expands. And as we continue to build out and add more homes, just more opportunities. So we go after a converged approach with broadband, and mobile, and it's a real opportunity to drive share in and of itself, mobile is a great product. But when you add it together, it just gives value to every single segment that's unique to us, that we can do differently. So to me, '22 is a year of optimizing that, as I mentioned earlier that we're going to take every single sales channel, simplify the go-to-market approach, with mobile included for every segment, whether it's income constrained right on up, there'll be a mobile component in everything that we do. So I think there's just a really big opportunity over time, and you look at it from an operational standpoint, one bill, one app, converge features in and out, leveraging Wi-Fi. There's a lot of opportunities for us in mobile. And by the way, we just launched it in business services and small business, and we're having great early success there. So mobile, I think will impact us about everything we do. One last thing, just a quick clarification for folks. When I was talking about trending, it was I was talking about not the last quarter of course, I meant worse than 2019-2020. But just to clarify that.
Brian Roberts: And just on that point, if I look back over COVID, one of the things I wish we could redo was slowing down Epic, because I agree with your both with Jeff saying and with your point, Jessi, this is a business that if you build wonderful attractions, there is pent-up demand. And we're going to make a fabulous park at Epic and we're full steam. We're going as fast as we can now to make up for lost time.
Michael Cavanagh: Thanks, Jeff. So and Phil so on capital return, I'd not take the authorization of $10 billion as a guide of anything. Not trying to send a signal there. That's the level that the board last authorized. We use some of that up, and we wanted to top it up as we started the year. And as you know, it's easy for us to go back when called for and quickly get greater authorization. So what I tell you to think about as we talk about capital return and buybacks is, Brian and I and all of us here have been talking about our excitement, and the imperative of getting back into balance where strong capital turn through dividends and buybacks, which has been a hallmark of this company over decades and decades. Would be back on the table, along with keeping the balance sheet strong, and obviously, prioritizing making high returning investments in our business, which we talked a lot about what's going on, on that side on the call earlier. So I think it sets us up to be at the place we're at now back in balance with leverage at 24. And I would point everybody not to number expect us to buyback, but rather the leverage level that I expect us to stay at, which is around this level of 2.4x. I think that is going to set this company up for in 2022 and beyond very strong capital returns. And the number you guys all come up with is really just a function of doing your model for your own growth. I think we're going to grow EBITDA. But there's a variety of views there. And I think we enumerated a lot of the areas from Epic, the park in -- theme park in Orlando, to Jeff's commentary and my commentary on expected losses of a Peacock as we invest there, yet that's to be funded out of cash flows that the business itself NBC media will generate. So we think that's a very thoughtful way of funding the pivot to future growth in the media side to name just a few. So and obviously, capex intensity a cable, maintaining at around the 11% level. I think is an important element for people to think about with Dave, having talked six months ago on this call about what he wanted to do to drive towards DOCSIS 4.0, which I think sets our network up for the future. So that's what I got for you on a capital return. Hopefully that hits it off for everybody.
Michael Cavanagh: I should - I could be nick quip, but your guess is good as mine, but really it's a hard number to forecast goes in. Obviously as we get back post-COVID and ramp up some production. I might tell you to expect it to trend a little bit higher than then it was and get back more towards 2019. But I said that last year and it didn't happen. So I will leave it to the point that it's a number that's, we're obviously when we spend money on working capital. We're expecting to get a good return. But I think it's somewhere in the range of where it's been, last year, the range would be where we were last year, or higher up to where we were in '19 pre-COVID. But I'm not in a position to give you a prediction other than give you some color.
Michael Cavanagh: Thanks, Jessica. So let me take those kind of in order. So first of all, it's impossible not just to be excited about our theme park business, we had a great year, we had a great fourth quarter as Brian mentioned. And really across all the metrics of that business, we haven't seen any impact of Omicron in Florida, for example and very limited impacts which we seem to be passed in Hollywood and Japan. So everything's kind of going in the right direction. And even as we start the first quarter, continuing in that direction, I think part of that, by the way is because we continue to invest in our attractions during the pandemic, as Brian also mentioned, with the lots of [indiscernible] in Orlando, and pets in Hollywood, and Nintendo, which is doing really well in Japan has led that park to rebound really, really quickly. So all signs are pointed up in our theme park business. And I agree with you, we have a lot of growth ahead, our international visitation has not returned to what it was historically would be in Florida, we generally are in the low 30s. Right now, we're just above 20 with most of that visitation now coming from the U.K., and Europe, Latin America hasn't returned yet. So we have upside there as people continue to increase travel. And we're also I should mention very happy with Beijing, which is open people love the park. And when travel opens up in China, after the Olympics, we are really optimistic of that park long-term. So everything is going well and then trending in the right direction. Epic is full steam ahead. We're, I was down there a couple of weeks ago. And the construction is going really well. And I think we said this in the past, but we expect that park to open in '25 and certainly in time for the summer of '25 and we'll be back to you and everybody we get more granular on the date. 
Michael Cavanagh: Turning to Peacock, so let me just first say that, that we believe as everybody else does that you need global scale ultimately to compete in the streaming business that that is clear both in terms of your content spend and your technology and brand spend. Like everything else, we're taking a little bit different approach than everybody else. First of all, if you look at where we are today, just like Comcast put their shoulder into Peacock domestically to get us where we are. Without Sky, we would have been a much different place with Sky which has launched Peacock in the U.K. and Germany. Thanks, Dana and is launching in Italy later this year, combined with the Sky Showtime joint venture that we have, we believe those all of those territories get us with the U.S. to 70% of the overall streaming market because remember, you can't launch streaming in places like China, there's parts of the world that just doesn't work. So the real question is how we get to the next 30%. And we're going to be disciplined about it. We're going to look to partnerships and really on a bespoke country-by-country basis of how we expand internationally. And we're going to get to global scale. But we're going to look to do it really probably in a more measured country-by-country way and optimistic that we can get there. And then lastly, your question on content is an interesting one. We believe very strongly that Windows matter in the content, business Windows matter in the movie business, Windows matter in the TV business. When you take a piece of content, and you put it on different platforms, sometimes you get a new user base, which then feeds into demand back in your original platform. And we're going to use the strength of our platform to optimize across each piece of content and give each piece of content the biggest chance of success. So it's not really a science, it's more of an art where we think content can work. And you'll see content from us going across multiple platforms in multiple ways. And we'll really look at it for each piece of content, whether it we think it can drive Peacock subscription, which will start on Peacock or whether we think it can drive reach and will start an NBC or some of our linear platforms. So hopefully that answers your question.
Michael Cavanagh: It's Mike. On the last two, Peacock we kind of covered the color there. The expectation that losses this year with the investment net of what we get reallocated will be a Peacock loss of $2.5 billion is the likely number we think and then on Cable, the 11% CapEx intensity that we talked about is all in for the all the initiatives, Dave has described. So in competition really hasn't been a notable shift in the competitive environment from either fiber or fixed wireless, still very competitive, plenty of activity going on in terms of overbuild. And we've been at it for quite a while. And by the way, including fixed wireless where the earliest market launches, it's almost three years since we've competed against those early launches in fixed wireless. So, our game plan is to anticipate where and how competition happens. We have a constantly evolving playbook. And we're -- the key point is we're growing penetration where we compete against both fiber and non-fiber. So we take it seriously. We look at each one of the areas, all the varieties of overbuild fiber and fixed wireless and our goal and the game plan is to focus on our ubiquitous network advantage that we have not looking at our competitors so often at a very local level, have to make trade-offs on their network decisions. Our DOCSIS 4.0, DOCSIS game plan is a very robust one puts us in position to deliver and capacity in speeds on every application that's out there. Our goal has always been I mentioned earlier to develop a better product and deliver it. That's very different from our competitors where you just add value, and now including mobile, but we just have a different broadband product. It's better in terms of overall speed and coverage and Wi-Fi when you pull it all together, the net of that is a ubiquitous, better product. And we're delivering more passings and so as competition talks about that we're adding passings and did a really nice job the last handful of years and we will continue to do that. So our goal is to stay ahead of every single application that's out there and deliver the best broadband service and we feel like we're in a good position.
