Neil Smit: I think, you covered it, Brian. We’re in the test and learn mode and I think is a natural part of the evolution of our country or participation in the mobile space beyond Wi-Fi. But we’re testing and learning and nothing new to report.
Neil Smit: Concerning segmentation X1 was up 60% of our connects this quarter, and so we’re seeing a healthy growth X1. We offer different products based on the segment, for example, the Internet Plus applies well to millennials who want a great Internet product and a lighter video product. On those customers we – after they’ve – after – the churn is consider we up sell about 30% of those. So we’re able to get new people into the system and then up sell or upgrade them. The on-campus product has been a great success. We are on 26 campuses now and continue to grow. It’s a great product. It serves the video to where the customer in this case, the student wants to have consume it, which is in their dorm room, we stream direct. We launched the stream product in the trial market and that also applies to millennials or younger audience. And finally Watchables we launched earlier this month, and that’s about 32 providers of semi professional content. So it’s getting to content that’s not normally what we’ve been carrying in the past, and we that will attract another segment. So we’re very careful on how we segment the audiences and we’re getting a better quality customer and holding on to them for longer.
Neil Smit: Well, as you said, we’ve continued to add over 1 million for nine years now. And that we’ve done 16 speed increases in the past 13 years. So we continue to increase speeds and that’s the value that customers are receiving. We’ve also, as Mike mentioned in his comments increased the wireless gateways to our in-home Wi-Fi, is a very strong value add. The – in terms of DOCSIS 3.1, it’s what we have in the labs. We plan on rolling it out early next year, and we think that will give us more speed capability, and we’re also working on products that will increase the – let’s just call the smartness of the Internet, not just speed. So we think we can continue to grow market share and the market is growing only 70% of customers have a high-speed connection, so there’s market growth opportunity there as well.
Neil Smit: I think the competitive intensity is much the same as it has been in the past. The base offers, their attractive promotional offers, but the base rate remains in the same ballpark. I think, different people are trying different things. We feel the X1 platform is something we can build on. It – there’s greater viewership. There’s more VOD consumption, both transactional and non-transactional. The churn reduction is significant and there are more AOs, more DVR usage. So we’re investing behind the X1 platform, and we feel we can continue to – our objective is to continue to improve year-over-year on an ongoing basis.
Neil Smit: I complement Dave Watson and the operating teams in the field who are really driving the X1 out and targeting selective segments in the offer.
Neil Smit: So one of the things that NBCUniversal does for Comcast and I think Steve, focused on it right from the gecko when we moved Jeff Shell to London was to really use this as a way to how the company look at broader opportunities not just United States but around the world. And we’re really happy with the Osaka and Japan Theme Park 51% announcement. But as we’ve said and I think that what I was really referring to was our China opportunity. We have partnership that we’re in the process of getting completed all the approvals necessary to go forward. But we are looking forward to building entire new Universal in Beijing and that’s a continuation of that – because we’re in the Theme Park business when we bought the company there were no owned assets outside the United States. And we will have perhaps the largest or one of the largest Theme Park will be China. And when you see Universal Japan its thriving business that we think we can grow and we’ve we’re in the process of putting into managing it coming from Florida there’s Chief Financial Officer of Universal Park he is going to move there and their team is really ready for these kind of opportunities and kind of hit the ground running. So there’s nothing else this much high and that we’re working on specifically like that but this is a unique opportunity and where it complements what we are going to do in Beijing.
Neil Smit: I just want to sum up from my perspective what was so good about this quarter from where I have said is the company working really well together, it was a terrific first nine months of the year this quarter being in video the best in nine years, and broadband the best in six years. NBCUniversal would basically now had doubled the cash flow and a run rate to do that strength is across so many different parts of the company that are participating in the technology change that’s happening. As we talked about the millennials, we talk also about NBC and investments in Vox and BuzzFeed and the ability to now hopefully have advertising that can take some of our content and their content and bring it to advertisers doing all this, while still maintaining the leverage, it allows us to buyback shares and the dividend and Mike Cavanagh, joining us here and changing sort of the trajectory of that buyback in anticipation of things. And ultimately, it’s giving customers what they want and having a company with the unique set of assets that can do that. And I think we really and so many different fronts of the company did that this quarter. So were really pleased and thank you for your questions and support.
Brian Roberts: I think we’ve always felt it’s a part of a product set. I don’t think we feel that we have to necessarily in anyway seek owner’s economics. And just to clarify what I was – make sure it was clear, at the NBC side, we tend to participate, the cable side something we’ll continue to study.
Brian Roberts: Concerning Internet Plus, as I mentioned, when they roll off promotional rate some people step up to higher level packages more video about 30% do. Some people roll off or churn off and some people extend in the existing to step up in their pricing. So we find it’s a attractive way of getting customers who are initially only interested in Internet onto a video product and then expand the package from there, get a foot in the door. Concerning Altice, it’s good to see others recognize the value in the cable market as we have. There is always things we can learn. They do some things – some interesting things with self-service, their IT consolidation, their structural approach, and we’re always open to learning.
Brian Roberts: I would just add that the thing that I feel good about is the video product that we’re offering has tremendous momentum. It’s the best in the market. Just – people that don’t live in Philadelphia or one of our markets when they see it, they go, wow, I wish I could get that. With the ease now of the voice remote we’ll put millions of those out in the next several quarters, and it just makes it even that much better. And our service initiatives and improvements that are being made and the reliability and on time and the network reliability, there’s a tremendous focus here, and I think that’s improving as well. And so you put all that together, I really think we have a great momentum and a good strategy.
Brian Roberts: And I’d just add that we’re targeting the Fortune 1000 companies and other large enterprises have 300 locations or more. And if you think about it this type of enterprise customer we’re looking at entities with branches such a banks, restaurants, retailers, and we these are – those are small customers like a assembly of small customers. So we have managed services to more than 20 large enterprise customers already and already signed multiple 8 figure deals.
Brian Roberts: I think on the competitive side as I said we haven’t seen a meaningful difference in approach or sub-numbers. Our churn – our numbers were the best in nine years and it’s driven by churn. So you think that if there was a very attractive offer it’s the higher churn but our churn numbers remain lower. And concerning the retrans.
Brian Roberts: I think our retrans generally speaking are continuing on a steady curve and there’s no real lumpiness in that number.
Brian Roberts: Look, we – we’ve seen this is not a new thing. There were similar thoughts when the Bells were building that was not Universal. We can’t per se control that we obviously want to have as level playing field as one can. But a pro competitive strategy in our opinion is better than a pro regulatory strategy and if there’s more competition that something that where we’ve been facing for years and nothing we’re going to do to change that or want to change that I think it if anything it’s a reminder to regulators how competitive this industry is and will be in the future. And that’s why it’s so critical that we continue to perform well and sharpen our operating skills and we’re showing that.
Brian Roberts: I think it’s been a combination of a number of factors. One is getting people on the X1 platform is having affect on churn. The second is we have more people on contracts. And third is that there’s more people using TV Everywhere there’s third of our customers using TV Everywhere on a monthly basis. And finally I think our customer experience improvements of health significantly I mean if we can get the right customers and keep them longer it’s going to impact churn. So our customer experience things in terms of reducing phone calls, reducing truck rolls, getting things right the first time and really super serving our customers is having an impact as well.
Michael Cavanagh: Thanks, Ben. So it’s Mike. So on leverage, we used to say and I changed this in the last quarter that would be at the 1.5 to 2 times net leverage was the range that the company was drifting down towards from being at a higher level post GE. I think we sit now 1.9 times net leverage at the end of the third quarter. But as I said earlier, when you pro forma for the deal we did in the Japan Parks that takes us right at two times, feel quite good at around two times. But that gives us the ability to do all we need to do to return lots of capital to shareholders to invest in the business organically and give us some flexibility around things like Vox, BuzzFeed, parks and so forth. So in that range right around two is fine to allow us to do all that, and I won’t speculate on any larger M&A, as Brian said before, we’re pretty comfortable with the portfolio businesses we have.
Michael Cavanagh: It’s Mike. On the balance sheet size or the size the debt issuance of the company, I think that continues and should continue to be a factor that we think about. It’s – we’re a large issuer and we want to make sure that through the course of time, we’re always able to carry the balances at good rates through time.
Michael Cavanagh: Marci, it’s Michael. I’ll start and you can finish, but on business services enterprise growth its continuation of what we’re doing, the needs are similar and we are investing and it is a big source of capital investment that you’ve seen in the recent past and that’s going to continue. But we’re going to lay around businesses of a bigger scale that have the profile the medium-size enterprises that we already have.
