A - David Watson: Yes. Hi Doug. So, quick walk through a couple of things on margin in the quarter and looking forward. It’s – we feel very good about our position on the progress that we continue to make on margin improvement, real focus around the fundamentals.   And so while there’ll be some things within a quarter that move a little bit, if the fundamentals are the things that we stay extremely focused on. And starts with broadband, and both residential and commercial, now both are just drive higher revenue, both the margin accretive, and just help us deploy digital solutions, in particular, and residential, at a higher rate.   So those fundamentals are – continue to bring us to where we’re at. As we scale mobile, as you said, there are improvements there, advertising as well, with advanced advertising provides support. But it’s primarily the focus around connectivity and just driving more customer relationships there in that space, connected with the digital customer experience improvements, is such a win-win for the customer and for us. Just to provide perspective in the quarter, our total agent calls decreased by 10%, with total interactions lowered at 7% and we saw a 22% reduction in truck rolls. And this is despite an overall 5% increase in the customer base. So if you go back over time, this is just a continuation. Over the past five years, we’ve constantly made progress, taken 37% or almost 100 million calls out of the run rate and reduced truck rolls by 25%.   So, Doug, it’s been -- this is a real focus for us. And while I don’t think we’ll grow the second half of the year margins at the same rate that we did the first half, we’re in a really good place, and we’re doing it in a healthy and sustainable way. And so I like the roadmap that we have around digital tools and the experience, I like the run rate around connectivity. And while we’ll invest in areas like business services, in mobile, sales and marketing, things that are just going to help us grow, we’re going to continue to stay extremely focused on margin.  
A - David Watson: Thanks Mike. Hello, Ben. Yes, we expect over time to have a little bit more normalization, as you go into quarters, like Q2 like Q3, with student activity, move activity, seasonality, that could impact the churn, but we’re reaching a level that we expected in terms of overall broadband churn performance. And this is -- it’s the redefinition of great broadband, I think that’s helping deliver this, some of this churn improvement, we have a fantastic network. Yes, we’ve talked about it, Brian might mention it, continuing to invest them in the network, we’re going to stay ahead of the curve in terms of capacity, and usage.   So a lot of focus around the network. And then to compliment, not just speed, but our devices of the pods, the ability of varied great Wi Fi coverage inside the home is just so critical. And staying ahead of that curve is key and adding value extensions to broadband, like mobile, like Flex, that impact churn. And so these are early days, for us in terms of as we, both of those categories are exciting for us. But they’re impacting broadband in a positive way. So can’t give specific guidance in terms of where churn would go, but the fundamentals of and the focus around attracting healthy and keeping healthy customer relationships and connectivity is a key. So very excited about the prospects of mobile and Flex impacting that over time.  
A - David Watson: Well, I’ll jump in on now. And this is Dave. So we are very excited about Flex. You’re early -- still early days, but now we have over 3.8 million Flex boxes deployed and about half of those are being actively used and engaged so and the reasons why that we’re -- we continue to be excited. It is a terrific long-term platform but it is helping broadband as I mentioned earlier. So there we’re generating about $2 of incremental revenue just on the pay per view, the rev share side of things and advertising opportunities will be above that. So today in terms of what we’re doing within footprint, there are parts of what you mentioned, we absolutely included as part of the broadband subscription. It’s a key part of now that with broadband, you get this great streaming platform. So we’re doing that. We have -- if you’re traditional video customer, we have devices that enable full home the X1 experience throughout so we have that but we are not bashful about letting our customers, broadband customers in particular that really important streaming segment know if this is included. Outside of footprint, we are -- we have syndication partners that we’re working with Cox, the Canadian company. And we continue to explore ways of doing that. And we think that it’s a terrific long-term platform to tie together uniquely, the way that we do with the voice remote thinking the full capability, we’ve been investing in X1, and we can leverage that platform. So we do qualify, we ask the customer if they want it, and then we but we stay right on it, and deliver the great service and the feedback that we’re getting in engagement is very strong. So it’s a really important part of broadband growth today. And we’ll explore outside of footprint opportunities, ways of doing even more over time.  
A - David Watson: Hey there, Phil. This is Dave. So go on sales momentum side of mobile. One of the things that’s happened is we got through the first pandemic phase that we did shut down last year, retail blow things down. And what we saw the back half of last year just continued through this year as every single sales channel now we focused on. Retail is back and but in addition to that, extremely focused on our call centers, digital tools that are optimized by flows for mobile, and how we go-to-market, that has been a huge chance, just the fact that we lead with mobile is so key, and mobile and broadband being a package. So those fundamentals have emerged and really an important part of our go-to-market strategy.   We’ve invested in tools not only for the customer, but for our agents, and how they sell mobile, this improving the experience for customers really key. So a lot of marketing investment around the mobile message, if you live in our footprint, and you’re watching this great Olympics coverage, the Jeff and team are doing, you can’t miss the fact that we are really, really focused around the mobile business. So but I think that natural combination of broadband plus mobile will continue. So the other big addition recently is clearly the unlimited packages that we’ve rolled out. And that is adding to it. We’ve seen a nice shift and mix that we continue to have by the gig. But adding on unlimited really closed and fills the gap that we had in our competitive portfolio, so now with great unlimited of pricing for multi line families. And you can mix and match still between buy the gig and unlimited, we’re in a unique position in our footprint. So like our momentum, the 280,000 lines were just terrific. And set a record for us but we’re continuing to stay focused and we see that this is a real opportunity for us going forward. So on the auction side, I think the last part --  
A - Mike Cavanagh: This is Mike, and I’d just echo that point that in these – in this great first half margin expansion, which as Dave said, will ease a little bit in the second half of the year. There’s tremendous investment behind wireless, behind advancing growth in broadband and business services. So it’s really healthy margin expansion because we’re putting the money back into drive future growth.  
A - Mike Cavanagh: So maybe I’ll start Ben, and thanks for the question. I’ll -- I think on non-program expenses OpEx, we still expect low single digit increases compared to 2019 for full year ‘21 here. So that’s all the factors are embedded in there that Dave mentioned. And you’re right; bad debt continues to run low. I think given a feel for what the second half looks like, is the best I’ll do at this stage. I think we are continue to do all of the things in the underlying business, move the business towards more digital, sort of cleaner operations that are low cost, the move to the higher margin, products and broadband Business Services, other things Dave described, are things we’ll work on that will benefit us regardless, I think of what the operating environment normalizes that, but I think that’s the best sense for the second half of the year. And I’ll let David, comment on churn, but it’s a little bit of the same message, which is, we’ll see what normal looks like, but I think, investments in products, investment in network investments in Flex, wireless, you name it, all the things are we’re doing, I think our -- there is at least some element of sustained benefits to churn versus historical levels, at least in my mind. But we’ll see, Dave, over to you.  
A - Mike Cavanagh: No comment on status for next auction. We take a look on occasion we like our spectrum portfolio, it gives us optionality for offload. So we’ll -- we often take a look if the price is right, but no comment yet on where we stand with the next talk.  
A - Mike Cavanagh: Hey, Craig, it’s Mike, I just say First things first, we’re happy with the first half of the year, we’re happy that we’re back in balance starting to get the buyback going again. I think the way we’ll look at it over time is not in terms of is there dollar number; we’re going to think about it in terms of want to keep a strong balance sheet. So I think of us as wanting to be comfortably in the range of ratios, that would support the single A rating, we want to make sure we’re investing behind our businesses, primarily organically, but occasionally tuck-in acquisitions, all that you see that in the normal course, all the time in our business.   And then capital return is the other leg of the stool. We’ve been, this company’s historically been very strong and important part of the priorities to return capital, we’ve increased the dividend for 13 plus years running and one of few companies that have had a strong level of consistent dividend increase. And you look back between the time of the NBC deal and the Sky deal, the level of free cash flow that was returned to shareholders through buybacks and dividends combined was incredibly strong. So I think we would continue to execute against that, the first half of the year, I guess the remainder of this year, think of us is continuing to be at the historical levels for now. We’ve got a level of working capital this year that continues -- we continue to expect to be higher than it was in 2019. That’s mostly going to be hitting us in the second half of this year with the Olympics and the ramping of content spend.   But the dynamics of EBITDA, growth and future prospects is as you describe, so we’ll take it quarter at a time and we’ll talk more probably at the end of the year.  
