Jeff Shell: Ben, this is Jeff. I'll start and then hand it over to Mike. So we feel really good about NBC growth trajectory going forward. If you kind of break it down, our content businesses has had a great quarter and is doing -- have never been better than they are right now or movie studio. We're off to a great start this year. The slate going forward is really good. Our TV businesses, studios are great. So our content business is doing great, and that's a business that should grow over time. The parks business, Brian and Mike both talked about the parks business, it's never been better for us. We had a record year last year. Trajectory is going to slow a little bit in the U.S. just because we are doing so well. But we're seeing -- we found our footing in Japan in the fourth quarter. That's going to grow based on the Nintendo attraction there in Beijing, which really had kind of got to profitability in the third quarter suffered from COVID in the fourth quarter. First couple of weeks of this year, with the economy opening up there, is really doing well even with poor weather. So I think our parks business has a lot of growth ahead. And as Mike talked about and Brian talked about, we're investing in it. So those two businesses are great. The Media segment, as Brian just went through very well, we made a decision to invest in Peacock. It's very clear that we picked the right business model at this point, given where we are. And it's very clear that the content strength that I talked about, which has led to our linear networks being number one for decades, is paying off on Peacock. So what -- when we -- we were going to grow -- we've made that investment. We've been clear from the start that we're going to see a return on investment. I think we feel better on that now based on where we are. And we also made that investment to return the Media segment to growth over time, which we feel even more confident today than we did maybe a year or two ago, then that's going to happen. And the timing of that really is up to macro conditions, how -- when does the ad market recover, how -- what are linear declines going forward. And then, of course, we continue to cut costs in the linear segment to maintain our margins.  So I'm pretty confident that we have a lot of growth ahead in NBCUniversal, particularly after the progress we've made this year and the Media segment, we wouldn't be investing in Peacock. We didn't think it was going to return the segment to growth over time.
Jeff Shell: Thanks. Jeff again. Sorry about the delay here. So let me -- this is Jeff. So let me start with parks. So parks we are always looking to invest in our parks, given how well we've done. And during the pandemic, we took share. We've had pretty solid growth. And we -- it's a business that we want to deploy capital to, as Brian said, we're really excited about Epic. It's coming out of the ground. It looks great and our timing couldn't be better for that. But we always want to have things that we're investing in, both domestically and internationally. The concept that we're going to build in Dallas, which is a design for a younger audience, less investment, if it's successful, which we're pretty confident it will be, it's a concept that will work in a lot of places around the world that may not support a full-scale theme park like we have in Orlando or Beijing, but it could support something else. So that -- we're excited about that concept. And then the Halloween horror nights experience in Vegas, which I'm really excited about, could also be expanded to a number of different places around the world. So we're definitely having our eye towards places expanding internationally not just domestically with a number of markets kind of on the docket. And they won't all be places for a big giant primary theme park that we might look at different concepts for different markets. And as far as peak spending, I think Epic, I think we expect our peak spend probably to be this year, although '23 and '24 will be comparable as we ramp down at the beginning of '25 prior to opening. So that's the parks.  Peacock, we are could not be more positive about our trajectory so far. We're right where we expected to be as far as investment, and we're well above where we expected to be as far as paid subs, which was going to pay off. We will hit our peak spend, as I think Mike or Brian said in the opening, this year and then improve steadily from there. And we wouldn't be making the investment if we do see the investment in Peacock alone delivering return over time. As I said, in my prior answer that I'm more confident now that we're going to get to that, and it's going to be a good return just on that investment alone and the overall Media segment. And based on how we're doing so far, I'm more and more confident that that we made the right choice of business model and that our investment is appropriate for that business. So I don't know, Mike, if you want to talk about acquisitions.
Jeff Shell: And I would just add that we're always looking for bolt-on acquisitions that bolster our business. And I'll give two examples. We bought DreamWorks. We talked about that in the past, and it's been paying off steadily since our acquisition and just now, with Puss in Boots, which is a big hit at the box office really our entry back into the Shrek Universe, continues to make that acquisition look really favorable.  And we've invested in our Blumhouse investment over time. We're a partner with Jason Blum, and we have a big hit, M3GAN, this month, which is coming out of that investment. So we're always looking at bolt-on acquisitions. Don't necessarily involve big industry consolidation questions. 
Mike Cavanagh: And then the -- on working capital, we said a year ago that it was going to be spiked to a higher than typical run rate level just on the back of the disruptions caused by COVID in getting content creation in the phase we're in up to normalized levels. So expect to just ease back off of the levels we saw in 2022. It's a hard number to predict, but I think we are past peak there.
Mike Cavanagh: On the cost actions we took in the course of the year, it's really to get our businesses set up to drive the results we gave some commentary on the outlook. We don't give guidance, but I think consider it all factored into the outlooks that Jeff, Dave and I have given thus far on the call, which is, again, continued opportunity for expanding margins and growth in EBITDA in the cable business and everything Jeff just described on the Media side, including growth in parks, growth in studios and the net dynamics with linear versus Peacock in the Media side.
Mike Cavanagh: And then, Phil, Mike. So just picking up on macro. I mean looking into 2023, as many businesses, just uncertainty about the environment, we took -- I'll tell you what we did on severance. We offered voluntary retirement across the company, something we do on a periodic basis, which has benefits, obviously, of giving more opportunities for younger talent anyway as well as some of the tactical situations we have in select businesses to just make sure we're as efficient as we can be heading into uncertain times. We've executed against all these things as we roll into 2023. So it's behind us.
Dave Watson: Craig, Dave. So I think the good news is we have a great portfolio of opportunities and business lines. So as you said, we have real strength in broadband and not only just solid broadband relationships with the ability to drive revenue in a healthy way. So resi broadband, I believe, will continue to be accretive not just revenue but margin. And business services is a real long-term opportunity has been, will continue to be. So when you look at top line margin impact, including mobile, I think it's a good -- and video slowing down. On the top line, it contributes towards margin.  The second thing clearly are the expenses. And just lower activity levels, our constant focus around the two big buckets of the transactional activity, the experience improvements that we have that really drive things like self-install and the apps that help people resolve issues independently. And then our focus around cost, just fixed cost, ongoing. And so that all those things, I think, shows that it's not a singular moment. This has been steady progress over a long period of time around margin. So I think we still have a good runway.
Dave Watson: Brett, Dave here. So let me start with kind of your first point on the overall environment and pointing towards our results in broadband. So starting with Q4, clearly, excluding the impact of the hurricane, we reported net adds, broadband net adds of 4,000. And this has been consistent, consistent the last couple of quarters, reflecting the continued impact of lower move activity, increased competition. But what's different has been the near record low churn.  So this -- the current environment is similar. Macro -- the macro environment still reflects depressed move activity. Competition continues to be very strong, and we're seeing some normalization in non-pay activity and churn. So it remains a challenging environment to add subscribers right now. However, as our record high revenue, adjusted EBITDA and margins in 2022 show, we have a successful model. We're driving revenue, EBITDA and cash flow rather than just chasing units. And so you look at our ARPU growth, holding the line on the relationships, but our ARPU growth was 3.8% in terms of broadband. So we're protecting ARPU growth, constantly adding more value, investing in our network, all within the parameters that we've talked about. And so -- and it -- results within the mix of the base is showing. As Brian said, you know, the one-third of our customers, broadband customers that get our Gigabit Plus products. So this is only just 5% that number just three years ago. So you look at usage. You look at the entire long-term opportunity, I think as Brian said, whether it's a couple more sporting events that go towards streaming, it just points towards you need better broadband. So from our competitive situation that we see, as I said, it's going to continue, but I think we're going to focus on our great network, ubiquitous network. We're going to continue to invest in that. We will constantly segment the marketplace and address each competitor.  And so I think it's a similar environment, but we're very focused on being in position to drive results. But yes, we're going to do both. We're going to balance rate and volume.
Dave Watson: Sure, John. So when we look at wireless, we actually do, it's a nice growth opportunity in and of itself. But the core real opportunity is to surround broadband, both residentially and commercially, as you brought up. You look at the opportunity, the road map, and Mike said, we just crossed the 5 million lines. But the way we look at it, when you include business relationships, we had 34 million broadband relationships. And you look at the amount of lines that the other competitors do, the lines per relationship, we're talking about an opportunity that's around 80 million lines over the long run. So we had a strong quarter in mobile, really strong quarter. Good momentum. This has been building, will continue. So it's a good runway. We really like our position. We like the core service offerings approach, the capital-light approach, buy the gig unlimited, different tiers of unlimited and then really leveraging best-in-class WiFi. So the mobile game plan is really to support broadband. We do see continued positive results. When you package the broadband with mobile, there is a churn benefit to that. And so we'll continue to really -- that's our -- part of our core strategy is to do that. And leverage is a feisty competitive marketplace in wireless. For those that are offering different kinds of offers will be there with bring your own device as well. So we got a really good balance towards. And business services is just getting going in mobile. We're excited about that, and there -- it's early but good progress. In video, it's a combination just less attach rate on the front end. That is really one of the main drivers. But when you look at churn, churn is better, and it continues to improve on the video side. And when you look at the combination of video and broadband right now, that combination of full disconnect churn, it's down over 20% against the -- since the pre-pandemic 2019 level. So we segment the marketplace. Video is an important part of the portfolio. We'll continue to market it where it makes sense per segment. But overall, that's the story around video.
