Neil Smit: This is Neil. So the X1 rollout we are very pleased with. We’re in 100% of the footprint right now. It’s brought down churn 20% to 30%, VOD usage up 25%, and VOD transactions up 20%. Additionally, you’re getting two times the DVR take rate on it and you’re getting more additional outlets. So the ARPU of the product once it’s deployed has gone up very nicely. It’s still not having a material impact on the video results, because that hasn’t been deployed to a large portion of our base yet. We’re about 50% of the Triple Play packages that we sold had X1 in them and where that’s been deployed its worked well. In terms of the impact on the HSD business, I mean, I think bringing internet functionality to video experience will help lift the -- both products and our Triple Play sell-in was at the highest rate ever. We’ve got more -- 68% of our customers on two products or more. And so we are selling well in the Triple Play and X1 is a great part of that. I think there is some really interesting new product developments. I mean, if you think about it, we’ve launched EST on that over the last six months and that’s been a very successful product. And I think there is more to come on the platform.
Neil Smit: Yeah, the X1 product is currently available to all Triple Play customers and it’s available in the Retention Q as well as to some of the double play customers depending on their packaging.
Neil Smit: Yeah, I describe it as ramping up the business right now. The last two sequential quarters we’ve doubled the number of boxes we’ve deployed. So, I think we’re seeing it ramp up and it’s been very stable, the platform has been.
Neil Smit: Well, we’re basically trying to maximize the return on our capital, and we want to make sure that we’re rolling out the product to customers where we know there is a good return. And also as Brian said we initially had some inventory issues, those have since been resolved. But put it -- I describe it as we’re ramping as quickly as we can and the product has been very well received.
Neil Smit: I think, Jason, from the Cable perspective as an advertiser, while we’ve seen a movement towards digital has not come generally speaking at the expense of our media spend.
Neil Smit: And on the competitiveness of the data market, it’s still very competitive. We’ve been upgrading our customers to higher speeds. We now have 47% of the residential customers get at least 50 megabits per second versus 33% last year. So its -- we’re getting customers on to better higher speeds. We’re investing heavily in the best fastest in-home Wi-Fi, but it is a very competitive market.
Neil Smit: With regards to the hotspots we have about 3.6 million hotspots across the in-home network right now. Of the 8 million we’re going to, the majority of those close to 7 million will be in-home versus out of home. We’re currently extending the out of home markets at a pretty aggressive pace and so the network will fill out. And you would add to those in-homes, those SMB locations where we have dual SSIDs. In terms of spectrum and how we think of it. We think our Wi-Fi network has a lot of potential. We’re not buttoned down totally on how we’d like to deploy that. But there’s lot of opportunities for example, the XFINITY home product we launched across the Wi-Fi network and there are other products that Wi-Fi can be the foundation for. So we’re going to continue deploying it. We have the fastest in-home Wi-Fi routers and they’re going to keep developing that product. And I think that we’re seeing 75% to 80% of data usage -- mobile data usage, its happening either in the home or in the office, so we think we’re well positioned going forward.
Neil Smit: We haven’t finished our planning yet, but as you know we do have some MVNO relationships and those -- if we elected to, could play a role.
Neil Smit: Yeah, we feel very good about the cost synergies. They are in duplicated areas or in operations and we’ve gone through quite a bit of detail, the make up of those synergies, the cost synergies and feel very good about them. In terms of the revenue opportunities, we’ve also been through those and I think the opportunity to up sell and penetrate to a greater rate on the resi product is an interesting opportunity, as well as the opportunity to go into the enterprise base with commercial or of a more advanced advertising products across the broader base. So we feel -- net-net we feel good about the synergies on the cost side and the CapEx side which were about $400 million and we also feel positive about the revenue upside.
Brian L. Roberts: On the Cloud DVR part, it’s Brian. We’re very encouraged by what that product means. It basically means that inside your home any device whether it’s a mobile phone or a tablet or a Kindle by any of the different providers, can become a television set without a box. And then you can use -- see all the channels, as well as access your DVR. And then it gives you a feature to download and take with you certain shows from that DVR. So, the Cloud has tremendous promise not just for the guide interface but for the user’s functionality. The other thing, and one of the reasons I think the results Neil just talked about are so encouraging, is you also get a whole home DVR with the X1 experience of any of our customers. So just everything gets better, the -- those of who that have the product, if you just look at On Demand in the last week, there is a whole new series of ways to see what’s on television. Its – the guide just gets better and better every few weeks, not every few years. And right now, we have all sorts of categories that are being stunted, so you can see the Top 10 types of shows you like every single night of the week, the best shows of the day. Really it’s very programmer friendly, because it encourages people -- you don’t have to DVR, its basically right there for you On Demand now that we have Top 100 shows.
Brian L. Roberts: So what we mean by that is you can then go to more Double Play customers or other or even Single Play. So it’s just who can get the product in the beginning. We had inventory issues and also we’re looking at the ability to use it as a sales tool. But we have not put out -- the rate of installations continues as I said earlier, continues to increase each quarter and its scaling really well. There haven’t been any big hiccups at all and frankly just the opposite.
Brian L. Roberts: Well this is Brian. I think, first of all they are two wonderful companies with wonderful products and you know the reality is last six years they both have been part of the reason that we have lost video subs and that’s why you are seeing some of the competitive response and the progress we are making which I am very pleased about, but it’s a very powerful combination and you know its sort of for me validates the changing and dynamic nature of the market that we are living in, the technological changes, the consumer behavior changes that are happening at very fast speeds. And so, you have to look at each situation differently and individually one of the things that I like about our transaction from the regulatory standpoint is that the nature of the cable business is you wire up an entire community and then you see what customers you can get, other technologies whether from the Cloud or from satellite you know are ubiquitously available by a different technology. So we do not overlap in any market as you know with Time Warner Cable hence there is no diminish competitive choice for any consumer. So each situation is different. I think long term we are assuming it and we always did assume that the world is changing who your competitors are, what their capabilities are, whether its quad play or other things. And I think our company is really well positioned and that’s why we are excited about the proposed transaction. But as I started the call right now the main focus of this company is to execute well quarter after quarter, and as we end this call, I just want to say that everybody I think we did that again this quarter and we hope to do it again next quarter. Thank you. We’ll leave it there. Thanks everyone for joining us.
Stephen B. Burke: We certainly don’t think we need to bulk up in content. We’ve sold all of our Broadcasting and Cable assets together in the upfront and I think that was a major reason why we had such a successful upfront relative to rest of the industry. If the industry was down call it 5% in the upfront, we’re not sure of the precise number, but that’s what we gather is pretty close. If the industry was down 5% and we were up 10% that’s a 15% difference versus what we would have done -- had we done exactly what the industry did. And you apply that to a base of $5.3 billion and it’s a swing of $750 million. And the reason why that occurred is because we made the investments in programming, NBC was number one. People came to us first and we sold together. So that’s $750 million improvement we think goes a long way not all the way, but a long way to closing what we’ve always refer to as the monetization gap. We’ve always said that the other broadcasters are on the order of $1 billion better off than we are. So we closed $750 million of the gap. We think we’re about half way and so we can continue to count on closing that gap providing the fact that our ratings are good and we continue to bundle the properties and sell appropriately. In terms of the overall market, I think the real question is what is scatter? And if scatter ends up being strong, this could end up being a very good year for advertising, and if scatter ends up weak that will obviously not be the case. So, we don’t put too much into the down 5% in the upfront. I think the year is going to play itself out and we’ll see where we end. There is some shift to digital. We don’t think that’s the majority factors here. That’s a minority factor. And I think the real question is what’s going to happen as the calendar and broadcast seasons play out
Stephen B. Burke: What we’ve said before that, if you at NBC and then you look at USA, sort of our biggest cable channel that they were trading at about a 20% discount on CPMs to our competition. And really when you look at it, it’s not as precise as just looking at number. You also have to factor in volume. But we think if you take volume and rate and you look at them both, we were at about a 20% discount and we’re now at about a 10% discount.
Stephen B. Burke: I think -- and by the way this is not a science and we don’t have perfect information on every single participant and what’s going.
Stephen B. Burke: But when you look at the ad dollars that are related to video, the shift to digital doesn’t -- in our opinion doesn’t represent the majority of why the upfront was down 5%. We think the majority reason why the upfront was down 5% is because of broad array of advertisers and their agencies decided to be less aggressive in the upfront and they will show up in scatter.
Michael J. Angelakis: The only thing I would add to that, Phil, is really as we rolled it out early, we really wanted to use it as a premium product and we had a lot of folks who were wanting that product, so, we want to go to those folks who have the highest customer lifetime value and that’s both in terms of higher ARPU, more services and lower churn.
Michael J. Angelakis: I’ll take the buyback one. Really, we don’t know when we’ll have the shareholder vote. Our hope is we’ll have it in the fall. And really the plan has been that between the shareholder vote and when the deal actually closes we will execute an additional $2.5 billion of buyback. So our teams are ready to go, but obviously we need to get through the SEC, get the S-4 filed and go through a variety of other things. Our hope is we’ll get it all done this year including closing of the transaction. We’ll have to see how that all plays out both from a shareholder approval perspective and obviously from a regulatory perspective. But I think the key point is between shareholder vote and when closing we’re going to try our best to executive on an additional $2.5 billion.
Michael J. Angelakis: The only think I would add, Vijay, I think you know we did these divestiture transactions and even with the divestiture transactions we’re reconfirming what we think our operating expense savings will be through the synergies and obviously the vast majority of those don’t come from the programming side. So, when we did the original transaction we set a target and even after the divestiture transactions we’re confirming that target is something that we think make sense.
Michael J. Angelakis: I mean, we really don’t see any further activity. We have quite a full plate and we are very focused on integration and obviously we’ve got to spend that we are going to be doing so. I think that we’re really focused on our business and the reality is that we are very excited about having those assets come to us from Time Warner Cable and from Charter and the clustering will do so, I think our plate is quite full.
