Michael J. Cavanagh: Yeah, thanks, Dave. So Ben, just on the capital return dynamics, completely consistent with this pivot to connectivity. You think about what Dave and team are doing is really focusing on growing EBITDA at a customer level and driving higher lifetime profitability per customer. And obviously, the more that broadband becomes the center of the plate product, which it is, as you see from the results here, that's a higher margin product with lower capital intensity. So that shift is, you're seeing that in the numbers and what Dave is doing is sustainable looking ahead. That then sets the team up to really manage video, as Dave will talk about a little more, I'm sure, in a way where we're not going to chase low profitability video and but because we can drive better results at a customer level in other ways. And it shapes the effort to add other products like Xfinity Mobile where we're seeing good results at the beginning and that's in our hopes anyway, something that can add some incremental profitability at the per customer level and hopefully over the long term keep churn low in the existing business. So all those factors together make us feel very confident about the long-term trajectory and the return dynamics of Dave's business.
Michael J. Cavanagh: So let me start. In terms of virtual MVPDs, I don't think we're going to have – as I said, give you a number because we all can speculate. But I think your point it actually is even – I would broaden it and say it's true for NBCUniversal as well. One of our strategies is to have diversification in such a way that as new technologies come it's not all or nothing and we're benefiting more than I think we're losing from that additional competition. If you'd look at the two businesses, to your point, clearly broadband is growing faster as we keep saying that in recent years, why is that? Because video over the Internet is more reliable and more devices, there are 10 devices in a home and growing and more bits per consumer and more bits per home, all those are great trends for us. We'd like it all to be our bits, but if it's not that's why we've integrated the Netflixes and the future integrations in YouTube and things we've done. Over at NBCUniversal, they're able to have more distributors and are having more ways to sell individual shows to those distributors and having more packages of channels that they can sell to new packagers. So I think it is a very dynamic time and we're uniquely positioned as a company to benefit from these changes. And we don't think they're all or nothing and going to happen overnight. This has been one of the most, maybe the single most profitable year in television's history, if you add up all the various piece parts. And that's true globally and that's true in United States. And so our strategy of trying to have our company better positioned than maybe anybody else to take advantage of these shifts without having a bet that's so great that we could get something wrong, that's what's given us a sustainable long-term track record of creation of value for shareholders, a good return and we hope to do that in the future.
Michael J. Cavanagh: And that's really, remember, we're at the late stages of penetration of X1, which has crossed now 60% penetration. So as we always said, once we get to a certain point, that will ease and that's what you're seeing offset by good investment back in the network for broadband with line extensions and business services investment on the capital side.
Michael J. Cavanagh: Thanks, Doug. It's Mike. I'll start on Cable capital intensity and Dave can jump in. But we'll come back and do our annual guidance in January. But just to go at the question, I think that the trends that – and factors that affected are affecting the lower capital intensity that we saw in the first half of the year are ones that are enduring sustainable. And so I think that's a takeaway you can have. And I'd leave it there.
David N. Watson: One thing in addition, Ben, talking about the profitability on a per customer basis in addition to the 260,000 strong, market share strong growth, we are as focused on driving rate and revenue given that it's just a great product. So our focus has been on ARPU growth as well. So if you look at the quarter, we have grown ARPU by almost 5% in HSV and broadband. So it's a good balance between the two and that's how we look on our returns as well.
David N. Watson: Well, Jonathan, let me start with – again, one of the trends that we've seen that has continued very, very good retention performance in broadband. So while that's continuing, what has upticked has been the connect side of the business. And so to some extent, we did shift gears and have increased, a little bit more focused, as Brian has mentioned and Mike, around the broadband-only segment. We still package. We have a terrific package of where we combine video, the best of video with the best of broadband. We're giving customers I think really good options in the marketplace today. And I think it's helping all the products, but its broadband centric. And in addition, we have supplemented that with a strong focus around broadband-only. So I think that has helped. So – but it's connected to just this constant focus of investing and the overall improvement of the broadband services. Every year we just keep coming back to it and offering more and that's why I think we had record level retention performance. So on the operating expense leverage, so the non-programming expense per customer relationship, it was down 2.6%. And so there're two things to me that we stay very focused on cost control and to your point, we have been talking about this that we are absolutely seeing the financial benefits of the progress we're making in our efforts to improve the customer experience. This is the single best thing that we can do for our customers and it takes transactions out of the business. So what we're doing is just making it easier to do business with this. And when you take out, just as Brian said, the 10% reduction in the phone calls, 6% reduction in truck rolls. This is because we're just staying on it all the time. It's another area of continuous improvement that we think is going to be – it's important today, it will be important tomorrow and we're not going to stop. So it is improving customer satisfaction as well. So we think that this is sustainable, a very important part of margin and just how we run the business.
David N. Watson: I would only offer – I'll end with where we started. We have continuously focused on the connectivity business, business services, proactive builds, infrastructure around broadband capacity. So because of that it's just a – it's a more steady investment plan. And so that – we'll talk more later, but that's from the Cable side.
Brian L. Roberts: Jessica, let me start. Our focus has been to position broadband in the core subscription and I think the 4.7% ARPU is a good outcome that speaks to that. We have fair rate increases that impact that. Our packaging is entirely broadband centric and so that's a big source of revenue and how disciplined we are around – if somebody does elect to take broadband-only, we're very focused on making sure we price that fairly. So we'll evaluate everything over time but we're very focused on the core subscription. That's where I think the rate opportunity is.
Brian L. Roberts: Thank you, John. Let me just generally comment on this and I think I hit some of your points, and some of them we're not prepared to address today. But in terms of scale, I think today's great results show that our company has scale, that it's working well, maybe even better than that, maybe in the number of our products, we're the market leader, best-in-class. That comes with scale. So in the case of Fox, it was a unique opportunity and we were very disciplined in our approach to it, but we thought it was mostly about international expansion opportunity. We had regulatory belief that it was approvable in the United States. In fact, we've had conversations that we're going well. But ultimately, we pulled back, because we thought that we couldn't build enough shareholder value by making the price at which it seemed to in our judgment to be possible to buy it at, which was increasing. So – and that's how we built the company. We've looked at a lot of things, thousands of transactions over 50 years and we've done several hundred and that we have more times than not been able create to increase shareholder value, if we can make those acquisitions work. So we're focused on Sky now. We think it's a great business, it will fit well, good use of capital. It's also unique but I don't want to say anymore today and hopefully that addressed a number of your issues.
Brian L. Roberts: So, CapEx side in terms of the question, in terms of video, as Mike said, we're improving the guidance 50 to 100 basis points versus the prior guidance of 50 basis points of improvement. And this is absolutely it does relate to mix shift and we're continuing to invest quite a bit in our infrastructure around broadband. But there are less video customers, but we're also doing a good job with X1. We're highly penetrated with X1. So we're not going as proactively to that base. So it is video CPE that's less that is driving that.
Brian L. Roberts: So, it's hard to predict or hard to say exactly what percent of marketers' budgets are going to digital, but the television market remains very, very strong. And I think some of the strength is just because if you're trying to change a buyer's opinion, there's nothing better than a TV spot. There has been nothing created on the Internet that is as compelling in terms of changing a person's mind about a brand as a television spot in a great show watched by millions and millions of people. And what we're finding is the breadth of our offering, we have over 20% of all the rating points in the United States. The breadth of that offering is allowing Linda Yaccarino and our sales team to go to market and provide sort of integrated solutions for advertisers across all of those networks and also across all of our digital properties and all of the other digital properties that Linda is selling. We have deals with Apple and AOL, BuzzFeed and Vox. So that combination, we think is proving to be very valuable despite the fact that obviously people like Google and Facebook are achieving gigantic ad sales. And in terms of direct-to-consumer, and so I think there is a feeling right now that everybody is completely focused on Netflix. The vast majority of television viewing is not streaming. The vast majority of television viewing is not Netflix or Amazon or Hulu. The vast majority of television viewing continues to be linear television for big events, particularly for big events. Our future I think is selling wherever consumers are, if they're watching linear, if they're watching streaming, if they're watching any different kind of platform cable or broadcast. And so we're trying to position our company to make sure that all those avenues are open and that we intelligently look at those avenues and maximize the profitability of our video business. And that's, to me, that's the kind of strategy that leads to a successful company and that's the path that we're on.
Brian L. Roberts: In terms of more specifics about the upfront, NBC prime was actually up over 11%, and our total, I think we said high-single digits. And we're pretty confident that we're leading the market, particularly on the NBC side. And there may be some cable channels that have higher growth rates than some of our cable channels, but in general, I'm pretty confident that we led the market. In terms of Parks, Parks are doing fine. There are going to be quarters, which are stronger than others due to new attractions or hotel openings, but we feel very pleased about our Parks business. We have had some poor weather in Osaka and to a degree in the U.S. parks as well, but Parks are doing fine.
