Brian L. Roberts: Okay. Well, thanks, Jessica. Let me start and then kick it over to Neil and Steve to talk just a little bit about the second parts. We're not going to discuss the other transaction, the proposed transaction with AT&T and Time Warner. We don't typically comment on other deals, and so just for everybody, we're not going to have any comments today. We have a fabulous company, and what we are pleased to report today I think demonstrates that. The assets are great. They're working well together, adding customers, adding new products and real market leadership with, in almost every area, whether right from the Olympics right through to X1's integration of Netflix. So it's – couldn't be happier with this quarter and the momentum of this year. As we dig into things like advertising and what's happening in the market and changes that could happen, let me kick it over to Neil to start, and maybe Steve could comment as well.
Brian L. Roberts: I just wanted to add one other thought. The consumer may not completely care whether it's all-IP or not. What the consumer wants is really great quality and ease of on-boarding experience and reliability. And that goes back to the emphasis Neil and the team are putting on customer service and customer experience. So just take as a for instance, the Xi5 box, which is the first box we've ever had that is a Wi-Fi box. So you take this box, you plug it in, and you attach it if you want to your television with an HDMI, and that's it. And it doesn't have to have any cable in that room. And the on-boarding of that box is so different than any other box we've ever had. And within two minutes, I think we're at 2:20 and we're trying to get to 2 minutes, you are watching video with a few simple keystrokes. It already figures out the Wi-Fi network. It is so intelligent and it's such a different experience than any other box we've had. And we only have just begun to launch this box. That's the kind of products as we go to an all-IP world that we envision that is just really simple, really seamless and better than any product on the market for that on-boarding.
Brian L. Roberts: 170,000 subs in the last 12 months that we've added. And as Neil referenced, the fourth quarter, there's ups and downs in quarters, but I'm looking at it kind of on an annual basis, and I think we're ahead of even where we set our own plans at the beginning of the year where we think we'll end the year. And that's a result, not that there's new homes that we're getting to in driving it, but rather a better product that we're driving with.
Brian L. Roberts: Well, let me take a crack at the second one first, which, if I understand the question, when you say a disaggregated format, I'm not actually sure that I see it that way. What X1 does, from my perspective, our perspective, I think, is really help you with search, navigation, discovery and enjoyment of the content you end up deciding to procure. So if you just pick a movie star, you now talk to the remote, you say it, and then it gives you recommendations, and it tells you every episode now, whether that episode resides on Netflix or resides on a broadcaster or resides on a Cable network or if you've DVR-ed it. And then it's more like this and it gives you lots of choices. So, in the case to your point, we'll be upselling Netflix as an example, and just as we upsell HBO and Showtime and others. So some content allows you to be show-by-show or network-by-network. But it's the breadth of all of the choices in the bundle that I think is what has powered this industry. And clearly, as Neil said, we need to evolve and continue to progress, and we will. And we need to compete with whatever the future brings. But the investment that we've made and the innovation and the people we've recruited, I think sort of ties to your first question. Very broadly put, Comcast NBCUniversal is a very special company and we've moved hundreds of people back and forth between different parts of the company in the corporate office. The Olympics, I think, are just a shining example of where all those live streams that Steve was just talking about were available on X1 and on the NBC Sports app, and you could get there through your voice remote or through your XFINITY mobile app. And we call that symphony, and we've seen it whether it's talent wanting to work with the company, people wanting to join the company, or innovation that the company is doing. And could we do more and will we do more and innovate? Yes. But we've seen a lot of people want to use the X1 platform. There are other operators around the world in Canada and with Cox, and we've had others requesting to use the platform. So we are – it seems to be resonating in almost every part of the ecosystem, the strategy we're on. And again, you get to a quarter like this and you see it really all working well together. So...
Stephen B. Burke: So at NBCUniversal, we have a handful of advanced advertising products that are currently in the market, and we have about 100 advertisers that have bought these products. The most prominent one right now is called NBCU+ powered by Comcast, and it's a way of overlaying Comcast capabilities with the base national buy. Advanced advertising has been around – people have been talking about it for a long time. It's not easy. It's hard to develop these products, but it's clear what advertisers want. They want to combine the data intensity of Internet advertising with the clear value and ability to change people's perceptions that you get with a television ad. So, it's a pretty important part of Neil and my agenda, and I think we're at the head of the pack in terms of delivering on it. But there's still work to do.
Stephen B. Burke: Let me start. I think there's about 20 million, something like 20 million homes in America that are not part of the cable satellite telco MVPD environment. And the real promise of some of these new over-the-top entrants is that they would deliver incremental subscribers, which obviously would be good for the content side of the company. I think we all have a healthy degree of skepticism that these new over-the-top entrants are going to create millions and millions and millions of subscribers any time soon. I think if you look at the cable ecosystem, I've now been with Comcast for 18 years and for 18 years, Comcast earnings have been up every single quarter. And yes, as new entrants come in, they take fractional share away from the existing suppliers, but the fact of the matter is, most people find tremendous value and enjoyment in their cable or satellite subscription and are not looking to change. And there's all sorts of issues that over-the-top providers are going to have to deal with, including cost and service and everything else. So I think there could be a modest positive for NBCUniversal. I don't expect it to be material in the next year or two, but I think over time if some of those 20 million non-subscribers become subscribers, it would be positive.
Stephen B. Burke: So on the first question, in terms of having the affiliates participate, I assume you mean in over-the-top bundles.
Stephen B. Burke: If you look at the success of broadcasters like NBC, the affiliate relationship is really important. So our feeling is that regardless of the technical means of getting the NBC signal to people, we should be having the same kind of sharing relationship that we have with our affiliates in the future, and we're working on that. It's complicated and lots of different things to work out, but the spirit of our approach is to try to make sure that all means of getting the signal out include the affiliates and we're working on that and believe that that's going to be the model that we use going forward.
Stephen B. Burke: So, obviously, the Olympics and the NFL, they are two different stories. In the case of the Olympics, London was the biggest Olympics that we ever had in terms of primetime ratings. Rio was lower than London, but Rio was really on par with the previous three summer Olympics. And if you look at all the various ways of consuming, we had an extraordinary Olympics, financially, ratings, advertiser happiness, et cetera. The streaming portion of the viewership was actually very low relative to television for the Olympics. Call it 1% or 2%. And I think the same numbers apply to the NFL. 1% or 2%, 1% of people stream NFL games. And by the way, the NFL, we had an extraordinary season last year, which everybody's comparing to. We're actually down versus last year, but down much less versus two years ago. I think it's very difficult to tell precisely what's happening on any sporting property, particularly in the case of the NFL because it's only been a half a dozen weeks. I do think there are a lot of different things that people are using to consuming on the Internet and spending their time on. I also think there are seasons that are stronger than other seasons and we may be in a season, just speaking for Sunday Night Football, where the matchups aren't as good as they could have been. But if you step back, the Olympics and the NFL are the two highest-rated programs of the year in all of television, they dominate the nights that they're on, they dominate, as Brian mentioned, during the Olympics, we were four times the next highest rated show. Sunday Night Football is by far the highest-rated show on television and we have very, very good partnerships with the International Olympic Committee and the NFL that go out many, many years, and those are very profitable relationships. So we're watching it and obviously, you'd rather have ratings up than down, but having ratings decline modestly and still be very, very strong properties doesn't cause us too much concern.
Stephen B. Burke: So let me just start by saying the advertising market remains very strong. Scatter is as strong as it's been really in a long time, and that's a continuation. Really, we've had quarter-after-quarter of very strong scatter, and we had a super strong upfront in May. For the quarter, our advertising for Broadcast ex-Olympics was up 4%. Our advertising for Cable ex-Olympics was about flat. And the up 4% is a sign of CPMs being high enough on the Broadcast side to go – to exceed ratings decline, and in Cable, they were about flat. Cable in the last quarter, there are certain quarters where we have more new launches and more things going on. And of course, the Olympics really took a lot of the advertising from the ongoing programs during the quarter.
Stephen B. Burke: Well, I don't think the industry is anywhere near where it needs to be in terms of monetization, and we were talking about the Olympics as a perfect example. Something like 100 million Americans consumed at least part of the Olympics online. It was a huge, huge phenomenon on Snapchat and Facebook and other places. And the inability for us to articulately walk in to an advertiser and talk about all that consumption in an aggregated way is a real problem. And it's a problem that obviously is going to get solved, but the progress is not as great as it should be. I think what everybody wants is pretty obvious. They want to know what is the total audience delivery of a television show wherever it gets consumed, and they want it to be done by a third party in a way that is objective and quantifiable, and that's what we're all working to. I think the world is moving toward C7 from C3. I think the world is moving toward measuring alternative vehicles. And I think most advertisers understand when they buy a hit property, they're going to get a lot of consumption elsewhere and they sort of factor that in to the effectiveness intellectually, but you'd certainly love for it to be done in a quantifiable way by an unbiased third party and we're not making enough progress on that.
Stephen B. Burke: Let me talk a little bit about NBCUniversal under Comcast ownership. It's been about 5.5 years. We've more than doubled operating cash flow. We're the fastest growing media company in the country. When we came, NBC was number four for seven years in a row. NBC is the starting the fourth season in a row as number one. We've had two record years at Universal Studios. Our Theme Park business has tripled or quadrupled. We've really had a wonderful experience as part of Comcast and part of that is the culture that Brian and everyone at Comcast has created. Part of it is the willingness to invest, part is Symphony, which we call our special sauce. But looking back at the last 5.5 years, the Comcast element has lent a great, great, stimulus to NBCUniversal and I think the results speak for themselves.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: I will just add, Steve, that on the mobile video space, about 50% of our subs are currently using TV Everywhere. That's up from about 30% last year, and they view about an average of 10 hours monthly. So we're continuing to expand the offerings. We've got about 130 live streaming channels and more than 40,000 VOD selections. So we're really getting good traction in that area as well.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Well, we're going to do this because we believe we can add value to the customer relationships. We've seen other companies, Rogers, Telenet, Virgin have all reduced churn and increased customer lifetime value. In a way, we're already in the wireless business. We deployed millions of our wireless gateways and the Wi-Fi service in the household that's the fastest on the market. I think by leveraging the 28 million customer relationships, the 15 million hotspots and the MVNO, we can offer a really excellent service. We are going to have to include handset procurement as part of it, but we built that in the model and we think we can – Verizon's been a great partner so far in the wholesale relationship and we think that will continue and we have a great product that will add value over time.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: And from the Comcast Cable perspective, we think that X1 is a great platform and witness the Netflix integration into the overall experience. We can integrate products and we can do things like we did with the Olympics in a very seamless way. I think that we understand how to target and how to segment. We've got products like XFINITY On Campus that targets a specific segment, X1 Double Play, stream, so we understand how to do that. And I think we've demonstrated we can do it over an ongoing basis. Retention has improved for 32 consecutive months. And we see that trend as very positive. We'll continue to innovate on X1, and we think that we'll continue to innovate on market segmentation and targeting. And we've got what I feel is the best video product on the market. I think there's going to be more flavors and more competition, but we'll compete aggressively.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Well, as you mentioned, we'll be going to an IP-based video solution over the next, let's just call it, couple years. We have the product in the lab. It's working well. We'll continue to roll out new devices. We have the XB6, which is the fastest gateway out there. It's five times faster than our current version. We have Xi5 and Xi6 coming out, which will deliver video over Wi-Fi at excellent quality. And so we're going to continue to transition the product to IP. Concerning the network, we've continued to invest over the years in our network capacity and we will continue to do that. Business services has brought fiber deeper into the network. We're going fiber direct to new developments and to some MDUs. So we will continue to invest in the network, but it's nothing new to our business. We've increased capacity, doubled capacity every 18 to 24 months, and that's been happening for the last 8 to 10 years. So we feel pretty good about our position.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Hi, John. Programming expenses grew at about 11.4% in the third quarter and we expect the full year to come in around slightly above 10%. It's due to contract renewals and some lumpiness. We have some contract renewals that are up this year, so we'd expect next year to be slightly elevated. But following that, from what we can see in the trending, they'll be down at a lower level and over the years the 3, 5, 10-year trends have been in the 7% to 8% range. So we do see opportunity as we get through 2017.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Concerning business services, I mean in 2015, we added about $280 million in revenue growth and we think that 2016 will come in at about the same level. So it's kind of the law of big numbers where we're growing at the same amount, at the same level, but we're just on a bigger basis. It's a $5 billion run rate business now. Small and medium are still about 70% of the business and 60% of the growth, but we're seeing healthy growth from mid-size businesses right now and we're getting a number of enterprise deals in. We've got a large financial institution with about 2,000 locations, large health care provider with about 1,000 locations and a retail provider with about 2,000 locations. So we're starting to see the enterprise side of the business grow. Concerning video, we are seeing growth on the connect side. We're seeing healthy growth on the connect side, primarily due to X1 and – but the surprisingly healthy number is on the churn side and that continues to index lower than the previous year. So, we're seeing relatively a larger impact on the growth on the churn reduction side, but we're still seeing healthy connect growth. The fourth quarter last year was a very strong quarter for both HSD and video, so the comps might be a little difficult but we feel very good about the business.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Not really. It's early to tell, but we think of them like a central office with a lot of branch offices, which would be like small businesses. And we know how to do the small business market very effectively and so I don't think you'll see a higher degree of capital intensity. We are doing hyperbuilds now where we go in – we used to go into an industrial park and we had to sign up the customers before we pulled the fiber in. Whereas now we know in these industrial parks we're going to get the customers. It's just a question of time before we get them on that and so we're building in, assuming we're going to get the customer base. It's a little bit more aggressive stance.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: And Marci, concerning political advertising, we have seen growth obviously in this election year. It kind of depends on the state that we're in. We're very strong in Florida, in Pennsylvania and states like that. The core is a little bit soft on the local side, but we're overall seeing a 7.7% growth in local advertising.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: I think it's important that, as you did, Jason, to separate residential from business, because there is a lower business attach rate in video in general. They're more interested in the data product and we sell more data product to them. There is an opportunity, I think, in video going forward as well as there is in our XFINITY Home product to sell to businesses as well as there will be with our wireless product. So I see great opportunity in the business segment. We continue to grow customers at a good rate. We have about a 30% to 40% penetration in the small business segment; 10% in the mid-size, so I think – and we're just starting in enterprise. So I think there is great room for growth there and I think our product offerings will continue to be attractive.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: And concerning pricing, our HSD pricing is related on both rate – and is based upon both rate and in some cases the device as we increase the speeds to the household. Our rate was a bigger factor this year than it was last year, which was more device based. We continue to see ARPU upside. We're putting in the fastest Wi-Fi available. The faster speeds, we've increased speed 17 times in the last 15 years, and we're continuing to improve the product in terms of smart Internet where it's easy to integrate new devices into the home, whether it's a Nest Thermostat or a Lutron lights, we'll make it easy for the customer, as Brian said earlier, to use our services. We have to continue to increase the Wi-Fi capacity. There are about 11 devices hanging off our network now, and we'll continue to do that. But we see ARPU upside overall in the HSD side.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: And, Bryan, concerning XFINITY Home, we think there's a big opportunity there. We're capturing share and growing it quickly. About a year and a half ago, we announced we passed 500,000 customers and it's grown significantly from there. What's interesting, I find the most interesting is that about 55% of the XFINITY Home customers are new to Comcast. So we're attracting new customers, new customer relationships, and about 60% of those customers have quad play. So it's a very sticky product. It continues to develop, and we're very optimistic on the upside potential.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Well, HSD, there is still 70% to 75% of the country has HSD, so we think there is market growth opportunity. We have about 6 million DSL customers still in our footprint, so we see that as a market share opportunity and we have about 43% penetration. So we see plenty of room for growth. Concerning 5G, I think it's in the early days. It will be an exciting evolution of the wireless standards. There are limitations to it, such as propagation and the antennas it'll need to meet power and backhaul and we think that with these thousands of endpoints in the cities, in the city, you need space, power and a field force to enable the high bandwidth mobile connections. So we think we have a great set of assets that can bring significant value to the equation.
