Brian Roberts: Thanks, Marlene, and good morning everyone. I’m really pleased with our solid start in 2013. Excluding the Super Bowl, we are reporting revenue growth of 5%, cash flow growth of more than 7%, and record quarterly free cash flow of $3.1 billion. Michael will discuss these results in more detail, but let me start by providing some highlights. Cable had another strong quarter, with revenue growth of 6.4% and cash flow growth of 6.7%. Every product showed strength, with revenue increases across our residents products in business services and in advertising. Video revenue growth has been accelerating and was a standout this quarter, up 3.7%. That’s the highest rate of growth in any quarter in the last four years. As we continue to effectively balance financial and customer performance, the combined unit growth of our three main products, with 583,000, a 3% increase, and very solid when compared to prior quarters. Michael will describe this in more detail, but while we lost some more video customers this first quarter than last year, our goal is to continue to make progress in reducing video customer losses. High speed internet had another robust quarter, with 433,000 new customer additions, and voice customer additions grew by 29% as we continued to upgrade customers to triple play. Business services had 27% growth in revenue in the quarter, and ongoing momentum as it expanded services to small businesses and its presence in the midsize market.  We’re making steady headway in the rollout of new products, and we’re about to significantly increase our marketing of X1, so that by the year end, it will be available and marketed nationwide. At the upcoming cable convention in June, we will demonstrate the next generation version of X1, really showing how we are accelerating innovation on this exciting new platform.  We’re also expanding our definition of the fastest home by deploying wireless gateways to power the fastest in-home wireless network and growing the number of wirelessly connected devices on this platform in our customers’ homes.  We completed the acquisition of NBC Universal during the quarter, and feel really good about the entire transaction going back to 2009. The timing, the structure, the acceleration, and the strategic impacted all seem right. We’ve been operating these businesses for the last two years, and we now have a fantastic platform with a lot of different growth opportunities for many years to come. In the first quarter, NBC Universal businesses generated strong results, with 17% operating cash flow growth, which is a real highlight. Our film business had two successful releases, broadcast results were as we expected, and we continued to see excellent performance at theme parks. The cable networks had solid results, and we’re delighted to see improved ratings at USA and Bravo, our two biggest networks. With all our cable networks now together under the leadership of Bonnie Hammer, we are very enthusiastic about how we can further strengthen and grow these businesses.  Comcast NBC Universal works together in ways that are unique. One is the April 15 premiere of “Defiance,” which was Syfy’s most watched scripted series premiere in 7 years, as top performance in total viewers since 2009. Comcast Cable showcased “Defiance” through cross-channel spots, on VOD, online, and in our on-screen guides, helping to promote the new series. As a result, ratings for “Defiance” in Comcast homes outperformed all other distributors by 77%. We’ve had many successful examples like this of working across our company to experiment and launch new and innovative programs, and this continues a great trend. So all in all, a really solid start to 2013. Let me now pass it to Michael to cover the first quarter results in detail.
Brian Roberts: Well, I don’t know that I have any better crystal ball on the overall economy than anybody else. We’re not seeing a lot of housing growth, which would be the main driver of expansion. But at the same time, we’re seeing some modest improvement in some pockets of the country, and generally, as I said this morning, I think we’re in a steady, longer, maybe somewhat frustrating to many of us that it’s not going faster, but that it’s in the right direction. And we don’t see any big changes.  So we’re planning our business as if the economy will continue to recover. We’re bullish long term, and I go back to the statement just in terms of [your actions], which is we accelerated the buyout of GE, and we feel really good about that decision a few weeks later and a few months later, and the whole decision with NBC Universal who have all this growth opportunity now in the company, in addition to cable.  The lawsuit, I think I’m just going to stay away from that at this time. 
Brian Roberts: Regarding film, we’ve had a very good nine-month run. And some of that, I think, is just better films. You could start with “Ted” and go through “Les Miserables” and “Identity Thief”. We’ve had a very good run in terms of the films that we’ve picked. The good news is we’re looking forward to “Despicable Me 2” and “Fast 6”, both coming out between now and the fourth of July. I think there’s been some strategy change. I think we’re more focused on sequels and more internationally focused, and we’ve made some progress in terms of the cost side of the business with international home video joint ventures and things like that. But I think it really comes down to we’ve had a run of very good films, and hopefully that will continue with some of the films that are coming up.
Brian Roberts: I think what we’ve said before is that we’re finding a pattern, whether it’s a big movie or a new television show like “The Voice” or “Defiance” on Syfy, when the entire company gets behind a specific show or movie, the results in Comcast markets are markedly better than the rest of the country. And I think that’s just a fundamental belief, and a differentiator that we have that maybe half a dozen times a year, we can pick something that’s important to the company and really make it work by bringing the entire company together.  I think one of the things that is also happening is our own stations are getting stronger. And our own stations overlap significantly with Comcast markets. So you see a lot of markets where we were actually the number four or number three news provider, where we’re now number three or two or one in some cases. So the stations are getting stronger, the Comcast markets are very supportive, and the way to think about it is really to think about our major properties are doing well because of Symphony.  We’re trying to continue that, and in some cases improve it and tweak it. We’re learning things, we’re doing a lot for the major movies that are coming out, and I think “Defiance” was clearly a huge impact on the Comcast side.
Michael Angelakis: Why don’t I take the question on the second part. Really the way I think we’re looking at it is we did lose a little bit more primary customers in the first quarter of 2013 than we did in the first quarter of 2012. So that’s really one of the focus points that we’re on. And as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, the primary reason for that was really the increases that we had provided in rates during the first quarter compared to last year.
Michael Angelakis: And Jason, let me just add, we do have, as part of contracts, different step ups at different times, taking effect at different parts of the year. So as we’re provided with some insight into how our programming costs will go up, we did have some, obviously, increase in the first quarter. Some of that was offset by the rebate that Neil mentioned. And as other channels, we do have different points in time where those kind of reset during the year, which will have an impact on our full year estimate.
Michael Angelakis: With regard to station ventures, we’ve been the majority shareholder of that joint venture for many years, and we’ve always consolidated that operating cash flow. So as you look at that business going forward, there will be really no change to our financial statements related to the resolution of that joint venture.
Michael Angelakis: Something I would add is if you even go back to 2011, and between 2011 and 2012, we added about 300 basis points of penetration of triple play, and then if you look at ’12 to ’13, it’s about another 300 to 400 basis points of penetration on triple play. So now we’re, as I mentioned, 41%. And it’s pretty clear, as Neil mentioned, that those customers have higher sat, lower churn, and for us, the best customer lifetime value. So we’re going to continue to focus on customer lifetime value, and that’s where we see some of the benefits.
Michael Angelakis: Why don’t I take evolution plan? First of all, we’re very excited that evolution plan has been approved. And we’re really excited to make more investments related to the park in Hollywood. There is some capital that will be invested in 2013 related to the work we’ll be doing with Harry Potter in Hollywood. There will be more, obviously, in 2014.  So our expectation is, over the next couple of years, we will be investing in the park in Hollywood pretty substantially. We’re not talking about how much it is, but we’re pretty excited that Harry Potter, when it comes to our theme park in Hollywood, will do terrific. And we’ve done a lot of work on planning for that, and the team is exceedingly excited. So it’s going to take us a couple of years to make that investment, and I think you’ll see some of those dollars this year, next year, and even a little bit into 2015.
Neil Smit: On our marketing strategy, it’s very consistent with where we’ve been in the past. We’re very focused on triple play. Our triple play sell-in was up 8% year over year, and I think a lot of the good performance in our phone results was attributable to that. We’re getting a higher triple play sell-in, and triple play customers churn at a significantly lower rate than single play customers, and customer sat is higher. So that’s why we’re going to continue with that strategy. 
Neil Smit: Well, we currently sell our security service, our XFINITY home service, for different price points, $29, $39, and $49, depending on the amount of equipment and level of service. That includes the home monitoring service. I think that there are other opportunities for products that we could hang off the wifi, that we’re currently investigating.  So you could have the home security service, the lighting service, home energy management that we have today, and you could add other services onto that. And we’re looking at that portfolio of services that we could hang off the wifi umbrella right now, which is one of the reasons we’re focusing so heavily on wifi. We’ve got the fastest in-home wifi. 60% of mobile usage is in-home, and people are hanging a lot more devices, an average of 6 devices, off their home wifi. So we’re going to continue to push hard on that product.
Neil Smit: Why don’t I take programming? Programming expense growth we still expect in the low double digits for 2013. We had a few exceptions in the quarter, one of which was the NHL lockout, which resulted in a one-time rebate. But as you know, programming rates fluctuate as contracts come in and out, and carriage varies. But I still believe we’ll be in the low double-digit rate increase this year. Concerning business services, as the business scales, and we leverage the infrastructure better, the margin has gone up. And I feel that as we enter new business segments, that should continue that trend. As you saw in the quarter, we moved over what we call the hospitality business, which is bars and restaurants, into the business services management structure. We felt like we could manage and focus on it more effectively.  That resulted in a $40 million movement, which was 200 basis points of downward movement in the margin. It went down to 27.5, and would have been 29.5, if we hadn’t done that movement. The growth rate, excuse me. But we’re managing the business more effectively, and I think the margins are going to continue to be healthy in business services. 
Neil Smit: We are currently underway with two tests in the markets. One aligns itself with the speeds that people are buying up to, and another is where you can buy incremental data packages as you move along. It’s still in the early stages of test, we haven’t drawn any conclusions yet. We’re pleased with our current pricing, and the growth in the HSD business. 
Neil Smit: The X1, the results have been very positive. We’ve seen increases in overall VOD views, especially in the transactional VOD. HD viewing is much higher due to the autotune switch. The customer sat is higher, and the most viewed features are the mini guide and the last nine channels that you used. So overall, very positive results.  In terms of the growth in markets, we have seen growth in a number of our markets. I don’t know if I’d attribute it specifically to X1, since it’s in the very early stages. And we will begin marketing it more aggressively going forward. And I think that would be a shift in marketing dollars from one program to another, but I don’t think that we’ll see notably higher marketing budget increase. 
Neil Smit: I can’t speak to Time Warner Cable’s marketing program, but we’re still very focused on the triple play. Our triple play customers churn at a lower rate than our single or double play, and that’s been consistent for some time period now. I think we’re seeing, as I mentioned earlier, our triple play sell-in is up about 8%. So that’s why we’re seeing more upgrading from single and double play to triple play. And you saw that in the numbers. Triple play customers are now 41%. We’re also doing a transitional sales program where, as we solve a billing call, for example, we are asking, if they don’t have phone, if they’d be interested in purchasing phone. So we’re upgrading more customers. But I can’t speak to Time Warner, but I think the triple play has still been a very effective program for us.
Neil Smit: We’re always balancing rate and volume, and this quarter, the first quarter, we took rate increases across 72% of our footprint versus 62% of our footprint last year. We also, the rate increases included both an increase on service as well as DTAs and HD DVRs. So we got a double impact there. The good news is revenue was up 3.7%, which is the best in over four years, and it was $184 million worth of revenue impact. I think whenever we’re taking rate increases across a wider swath of footprint, we’re going to see an impact on volume. Generally speaking, that impact occurs within the quarter, and doesn’t linger on into subsequent quarters.  Our goal is to keep making progress on video sublosses, and I think one of the things that was notable was that most of our losses were single play only customers, and we continued to drive focus on high-value subs, and you’re seeing that in the triple play results.
Neil Smit: I can only say that the Verizon Wireless partnership has been terrific. They’re great partners. We work well together. We identify products that would be opportunities for both of our customer bases. The focus to date has been on getting the infrastructure set. So we’re in 500 Verizon stores, and about 1,000 agent stores. We’ve got a common billing system, so the agents in their stores can bill and sell things in a manner that they’re familiar with. We’ve got some products lined up, a product roadmap, and HSD is certainly a good opportunity in there that we want to leverage, but so is video. The data usage on mobile phones is very high for video, and we think there’s a real opportunity there as well. So great partnership, more to come.  
Steve Burke: When we announced the deal a couple of years ago, we said that it would take something like three to five years to get momentum at the broadcast network really materialized. I think we made good progress in the first couple of years, primarily with “The Voice”. We are now doing “The Voice” both in the fall and the spring, and the good news, when “The Voice” came back this spring, ratings were actually higher, are actually higher, in the fall.  So that strategy’s worked, and we had real momentum in the fall. And during the first quarter, when the voice was not on the air, we lost that momentum. We knew that would happen, and then it came back when “The Voice” came back. We have a few other shows that are showing glimmers of hope, but we really need to get one or two more good shows. But we’re making progress. We were in fourth place for a number of years. Last year we came in third place, barely, primary because of the Super Bowl. This year it looks like we’re headed for a strong third place. So we’re making some progress, but we do need some more shows.  I happen to be in L.A. right now, we’re going through pilots, and we’re putting a tremendous amount of focus and concentration on building on the success we’ve had so far, and developing shows that will continue to have that success next year.
Steve Burke: I think we’ve made a lot of fantastic progress on creating a TV Everywhere experience. Is it perfect? Is it ubiquitous? Is it finished? Absolutely not. But we have some quarter of a million choices, plus, between XFINITYTV.com and all the other various versions of that, whether it’s VOD or the iPad app. We’ve had 8 million iPad app downloads. I could give you lots and lots of stats.  On demand, as Neil said, we created a fantastic event called “watch-a-thons”. We got all the broadcasters, all the premium channels, and a number of cable channels, and we opened up really the best series of television to our viewers for a week on all the platforms. It helped upsell pay. It was authenticated easily, and got people to use their Comcast XFINITY experience on multiple platforms. So I think you’re going to see a lot more of that kind of thing. The other thing that’s exciting and we’re going to show some of this, where X1 can evolve to, is just the continuation of how your DVR can interact, and how you can have even more seamless nature of accessing the content and easier search, and faster results, and moving it across other devices. So a lot of progress is happening. At the same time, we’re very mindful. The market continues to evolve with other services that we don’t necessarily directly touch. [Neither] our broadband. So we’re investing in broadband, which is why I think you’re seeing such a healthy broadband investment cycle and customer growth and the fastest speeds, and we’re pretty excited about what’s happening. And for many, many years, we sort of believed that we should have the best network and the best user experience, and all this pushes up to keep innovating.  So I don’t know, Neil, you may want to add to that, but I think the main thing with TV Everywhere is how easy can you make authentication, first gate, and when we go back to, say, the Olympics, we made some great progress there. Watch-a-thon was even better. And I think when we get to the Olympics next year, a lot more progress will have been made in that two-year period and I think you’re going to be able to begin authenticating using other credentials from other population web apps and things that we’re working on right now that are exciting.
Steve Burke: [unintelligible] helpful during the first quarter, but really what’s going on is both in Orlando and Hollywood, we have real, underlying momentum. In Hollywood, a lot of it is Transformers. In Orlando, it’s a variety of things. We’re opening a Transformers attraction in Orlando in the near future, and that will hopefully provide continued momentum. And then Harry Potter, I think, has been a game-changer for Orlando, and when it’s up and running in Hollywood, it will be the same for that park.
