W. Benjamin Moreland: Sure, Jon. Thanks for the question. On the small cell side, we're seeing a significant uptake in co-location, if you will, on existing fiber plant and networks through systems that we have. As we've talked about before, it's a long runway to build new. We are working on that and actively engaged in a very significant build effort to add additional capacity and additional networks. But a very significant component of what we're seeing is, as we would affectionately call it in the tower business, co-location. It's not quite that simple in small cells, because it can either be in that same box or it can be next pullover [ph], as we've talked about and demonstrated with many of you in the past. But the financial reality is the same. And so we're seeing a very significant amount of co-locations on the small-cell networks and are very excited about what we see there. Again, having that plant, if you will, of embedded fiber in the networks up and running is very key to being able to deliver, really, any kind of speed to market to satisfy a need for a customer in an urban area, so that's proving to be very valuable. Next, with respect to T-Mobile and Metro PCS, I think they're just beginning to sort of get their heads around what they have. We certainly anticipate, on the small-cell side, that's continuing, upgrading for the different additional frequencies that are required there. But we expect that's going to continue as it has in the past, with additional opportunity on the T-Mobile side. On the tower side, I think we've disclosed -- Jay, we've gone through sort of what the overlap is. You might want to refresh everybody on that.
W. Benjamin Moreland: And given the term of those remaining Metro leases and the pace at which we're adding equipment and additional RAD centers, on occasion, for carriers, we'll just have to wait and see what that ultimately looks like when we get to the end of those leases.
W. Benjamin Moreland: With the 2.5, it depends on what's up on the site. But generally, I would say it's a relatively minor revenue event, given their Network Vision equipment and the compatibility of that spectrum built in. Again, we think it is some incremental, but probably not of the magnitude you'd see on a typical amendment cycle, because that equipment is compatible with that 2.5 already. We do expect we'll see that the Clearwire sites that are built for LTE that there were some coordination there with Sprint, as you would expect. We anticipate that those sites continue. And then, again, the overlap sites, we'll have to see, over time, how that plays out when we reach the natural end of the Clearwire licenses. I believe that's, again, about 1% of overlap in the company.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Let me just -- before I get to your second question, the -- also, if you recall on the first quarter call, we talked about new revenue leasing picking up dramatically over last year. That is continuing to happen, as we've mentioned in our comments, but that really started from January. And so really, it's a ramping effect that you see throughout the year. And based on our pipeline, we put out the guidance that we did, which implies significant growth. David, you mentioned about some acquisitions, and basically, what I would say on the acquisition front is, just as we've always done, we are constantly evaluating, from a capital allocation perspective, the ability to acquire assets and provide additional growth in AFFO per share against buying our own shares. And so it's always a relative tradeoff. And as you've seen over time, as Jay mentioned in his comments, we've taken 1/3 of the share count out of the company in the last few years. At the same time, we've tripled the size of the portfolio. So we're very comfortable doing both. But we will look very carefully at what maximizes long-term growth rates, and act accordingly. And that's how we've acted for a number of years and certainly, would expect that's how we'll act going forward.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes. In fact, you mentioned our presold agreements. If you -- as we look at this year versus last year and current run rates, we were down by about half on the amount of new applications that are attributed to existing presold MLAs. So that is tailing off, as we would expect, as we reach the end of those sort of initial LTE overlays. And then the new revenue items, whether it be a new co-lo or an amendment on a site that's outside the scope of those MLAs, those are ramping dramatically, and those are what we talked about doubling year-over-year. So that mix is changing in a very material way in our company, such that the overall activity is up as well. But certainly, from a revenue side, the new revenue items, both co-los and amendments outside the scope of the existing presold MLAs, are ramping very significantly.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes, Brett, let me take a crack at that. With the co-location activity in the market that we're talking about and the expected multiyear runway that we think that entails for all 4 major carriers in the U.S., building towers is certainly something we are revisiting. We have really come out of that business in a significant way over the last 3 years for obvious reasons, because most of the activity, borderlining on all of the activity, has been around amendments, around LTE. I would tell you that it's certainly on the table. It's something we're looking at. I would not be surprised if we even see us building some sites in the U.S. in the future, again to capture that new co-location densification we see going forward. Other than that, high-returning activities, we're quite pleased with our stock purchases over the years. We think we've done extremely well on, obviously, evaluating the growth opportunity in the business, discounting that against the market view, and then acting accordingly. But at the same time, we are constantly looking at acquisitions and opportunities to grow the business because we are still very bullish on the long-term growth aspects of our current assets and many that we could potentially acquire. That was true with NextG in the small-cell business. And we have been very pleased with what we've seen to date tracking originally -- above our original business plan. Co-location activity on an existing asset, whether it be a small-cell network or the towers, is, obviously, probably the highest-returning activity there is in the industry. And we are very gratified to see that happening on the small-cell side, as well as towers, as we've talked about. So it's really going to be more the same. We are constantly running sort of a dynamic comparison around where are we currently valued based on our best estimates for our own future growth against other assets maybe in the marketplace. And we expect to act accordingly, and we expect to do that in size, given the fact that we're generating, as Jay alluded to, about $700 million of excess cash flow, beyond what I would call sort of normal CapEx that we're doing on land purchases and tower augmentations and small-cell builds, as we mentioned. So we've got a lot of money to put to work. And as you can tell, that's a very significant component of our overall growth over time. And back to Rick's question, I certainly don't want to trade that flexibility to be opportunistic for a dividend prematurely. There's certainly a time coming when we'll pay a very significant dividend, we expect, based on the lack of tax shield, because the depreciation will be exhausted. And so that's just the reality. But in this interim period, as Jay was alluding to, I think we have an opportunity to grow AFFO per share either through shrinking the denominator or adding to the numerator, and we're going to continue to focus on that.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes, the vast majority of what we're seeing around the small-cell augmentation or densification that's happening where small-cell networks are, so co-location, as we've referred to it, on a small-cell basis, is occurring in places where macro sites really are too large or unavailable. So your -- the purpose is to repurpose the spectrum in a smaller cell, if you will, in an urban environment, where the usage patterns are very, very significant and capacity is continuing to be challenged. Where there's an existing small-cell network available, that's a very efficient way to add it and continue to get the maximum resource out of that spectrum, because you're reusing it in very small cells, if you will. In many places, though, where that's the need, there is not a small-cell network available. And absolutely, adding additional sites, if it's an urban setting, potentially a rooftop or adding to macro sites is a preferred approach. It's the quickest approach. But Amir, it's really both. I mean, it really depends on what the availability of the infrastructure is in the locations there. And small cells, while we've got a nice business that's growing, it's still very small relative to the overall geography that the carriers are trying to deal with. And so the macro sites, in terms of bang for the buck, it's always more efficient to split a macro site. But I appreciate that in an urban setting, often that's not a choice, or those sites are, in fact, too big, and they need to reuse that spectrum in a smaller cell, which is, in fact, what we ultimately do with a small-cell deployment. So it's really both. And I certainly wouldn't suggest one is cannibalizing the other. It's, frankly, 2 separate issues and 2 tools that they're using to add capacity to the networks.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Exactly. And again, what's most important is having that existing asset available, whether it be a tower portfolio well-located in markets where that growth is needed, where that capacity enhancement is needed, or having embedded fiber with an existing network, where you can relatively easily add an additional tenant across that existing fiber plant. So the major thing we bring is, obviously, the assets, the portfolios where they need them, and the ability to execute for customers on a timely basis. And that's, in fact, what we're seeing this year significantly ramping.
W. Benjamin Moreland: It does vary, but it's mostly been varying on the upside for a number of quarters, as you can see. A lot of people working very hard on that. Phil, it's been growing. We've been doing additional scope of work on a per-app basis, such as preconstruction, zoning work, all the way through the installs. We've done a very nice job of capturing more of that opportunity within the company as carriers are touching our sites. There's obviously a revenue and margin opportunity that we're capturing. There's also an asset control and sort of high-touch approach that we take to our assets that we think makes being in the service business important for us. And so we are continuing to seek out and gain those opportunities, and it's continuing to grow as it relates to the level of activity going on in the marketplace today. And so we certainly expect that to continue as we see continued leasing.
W. Benjamin Moreland: And then your -- on the construction side, that's dominated -- at least for now, dominated by small-cell network builds that we've talked about. And as I alluded to, we even make it back in the tower-building business as well, depending upon the opportunity we see there. But for now, that number is primarily around the small-cell business, Kevin.
W. Benjamin Moreland: I can't represent to you that. I honestly -- we're doing the best we can. We're capturing a lot of opportunities and it's continuing to grow every quarter. But it is completely dependent on application volume and leasing opportunities, and so it's a function of that. And so we see a long runway towards leasing. We've come through a period where we've had all 4 major carriers building out LTE. That mix is going to now shift to augmentation in terms of new cell splitting and new co-locations, as some of the carriers finish their coverage build, their initial coverage build on LTE. So we'll just have to see. We're continuing to look for ways, successfully I should say, to expand the scope of what we're doing with carriers. And so maybe we can manage to see that stay relatively at these levels, even if app volume were to taper off a little bit over time, because we're doing more scope within each application. But it's something we're looking at carefully. And we're managing this, and frankly, going about as fast as we can go right now, given the opportunity out there.
W. Benjamin Moreland: I'd say substantially done this year with AT&T and Verizon, as they have confirmed. And then, we would -- and then we certainly anticipate, as we're continuing to see the pipeline build for them in terms of cell splitting, both on -- both for macro sites, as well as opportunities on the small-cell networks, to augment capacity around LTE as their sort of second wave. And then, as you look into Sprint and T-Mobile talk about their LTE build with Network Vision and their network modernization plan, a little bit further behind, but obviously very committed to delivering that same product for consumers. And so you can just sort of follow down through the Big 4 and see this wave coming, and that's exactly what we've seen. Verizon announcing that they've basically hit $300 million tops, their coverage build is initially complete, and then they're going to come right back and add capacity for all the purposes and reasons that they stated. We anticipate that times 4 because you're going to see that right behind what's happening with AT&T, Sprint and then T-Mobile. And so that mix change, over time, back to your first question about what was augmentation on an existing site, we think that -- we can see it in our numbers. Absolutely, that's tailing off. A lot of that was pre-contracted, if you remember, presold. That's tailing off and then the revenue-generating activity is more than making up for that tail-off.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Jonathan, the only thing that's tailing off on the leasing side is what I mentioned before, which is amendments related to MLA terms that were presold, which would have been the initial wave of LTE upgrades, typically. And so we're continuing to see applications around amendments that are outside the scope of that, microwave dishes and new co-locations grow very significantly. As I mentioned, co-los standalone comparison up 2.5x year-over-year. Total new revenue-generating activity, up sort of double year-over-year. And the only thing tailing off in our activity levels are what was presold, if you will, as we sort of reach -- again, my guess is we're probably 60% or 70% through that presold commitment, if you will, as it tails off.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes, would be the short answer. As you can imagine, we're in the middle of that dialogue, wouldn't elaborate a whole lot yet. And it's certainly not in our leasing, existing or future. But it's nice to see an opportunity out there like that where, with our portfolio that we've assembled, I think we can bring a lot to the table to help them there. And you can assume that we're in the middle of those conversations.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes, Michael, we always -- we're a little careful about letting the carriers speak for themselves around specific activity. But let me just say that for the last 2 years, we have been going flat out with Sprint on their Network Vision upgrade, and I would not say there's been any slowdown that we can perceive. We've got a very significant amount of amendment activity work from Network Vision, and we've done a lot of services work there as well. I would anticipate, with the Softbank closing -- obviously, it's early days, but with what they've said publicly, we can anticipate a network build that looks a lot like what you're seeing from others. And so as they get the initial coverage build done on LTE, we'll see significant densification and additional sites added. Again, that sort of needs to finish the first path on coverage build first, but we haven't seen a slowdown. It's been very active. And with T-Mobile, with Metro PCS, obviously, they're going through an integration phase there. We've seen a lot of activity around their network modernization program, and we certainly expect that they're going to make the significant investment required. And we'll see that same sort of movie all over again with T-Mobile.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Sure. What's attractive -- and you can most recently see this in our T-Mobile example and the towers we acquired from T-Mobile. What's attractive is having a portfolio that's available for co-location, obviously, in the locations where you need the assets, where the densification is going to occur, and that's urban sites, that's top 100 cities, and that's been our focus for the last 10 years. And that's how we've ended up with a portfolio that looks like -- looks as it does. And so our evaluation of really any opportunity, whether -- you mentioned a couple, would always center around the location of the assets and the opportunity that it represents to solve additional needs for other carriers through the occupancy of those sites. And as equipment gets smaller and more creative and the lines even begin to blur between a full macro site and a small cell, I think you'll see the industry getting more creative over time as to what you put on a tower that ultimately solves the carriers' needs, all against the backdrop of the benefit of the shared economics and the sharing of the site, which, again, we think is sort of the compelling thing that we bring to the market. The ability to get carriers on the air and also give them the benefit of sharing the economics of the site, we think, is sort of what makes our industry. And that's how we'll evaluate portfolios in the future.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Okay, great. Listen, I appreciate everybody hanging with us today. We went a little bit long, about 70 minutes. We have a lot of runway, a lot to get accomplished this year, very much excited about the balance of the year. And thanks for your attention this morning. We'll talk to you on the next call.
Jay A. Brown: Total exposure to Metro is about 4% of our consolidated revenues, and the overlap is somewhere in the neighborhood of about 3%. And term remaining, we still have several years on those leases. So as Ben mentioned, Jon, it's probably too early for us to have any view as to do we see them renew the equipment in the overlap site. We'll just -- we'll have to see how it goes. But at least, Jon, you have the bookends then you can model it as you think appropriate.
Jay A. Brown: Sure, on the first question, the exposure that we currently have to iDEN is -- makes up approximately 3% of revenues, which we think is the bookend impact of the agreement that we struck with Sprint several years ago. They have the ability, over calendar years 2014 and 2015, to remove that on a ratable basis. And we -- at this stage, we don't really have perfect clarity on what they're going to do there. They may decide ultimately to renew some of those installations or they may decide to remove the equipment, as they have the contractual right to do. And I think we'll have to get into those years to really understand where it's going to come out. But that's -- that could be the impact over the next 2 years on a consolidated basis. With regards to REIT conversion, as we did note in the press release and I alluded to in my comments, we certainly stepped up the amount of effort that we've made on that front, and we're working diligently towards taking the steps that will be necessary for us to make the REIT conversion over the next couple of years. And with regards to how we think about that, relative to leverage, I think we've been pretty clear in the past that we think there's value in being, at the corporate level, an investment-grade rated credit. We think that gives us access to capital and ultimately, has a positive benefit on the cost of equity. So I wouldn't describe it as necessarily a bright line or something that we have to do or need to do prior to REIT conversion. And I think, longer term, we think it's appropriate and helpful to the cost of equity to bring that down, if we achieve that investment-grade credit rating. So I think it could be something where we get there prior to REIT conversion. It could be also something that, as we're converting into a REIT, we have a plan of deleveraging to get down to that level. Now I -- whenever we talk about this subject about target level of leverage and how we deploy leverage, it's always, I think, a bit of a relative measure against what are the opportunities in front of us and what is the cost of the debt. We obviously went above -- our long-term targeted level of leverage has been 4 to 6x for a number of years. We went above that level in order to acquire the T-Mobile assets, but that was the right decision. We were able to acquire another 7,000 towers and didn't issue any shares associated with that acquisition. We're able to do it with a very low cost of debt and long-dated maturities on the debt. And so I would say it's a target for us, but it's always relative to what is the opportunity. And historically, we've used our leverage capacity to both buy assets and to buy stock, based on what the prices of our stock and assets were, as well as managing the balance sheet. So it's -- I wouldn't draw any bright lines, but I think the targeted range is where you have seen us operate, and probably in the years forward, as we convert to a REIT, it moves us towards the lower end of the range so that we are able to accomplish getting an investment-grade credit rating.
Jay A. Brown: Sure. Dave, thanks for the questions. On the first question about sequential growth, I think it's pretty typical in our industry to see activity during the course of the year ramp, and that's certainly the case as we look at our 2013 expectations. We are seeing more leasing activity in the second quarter than what we saw in the first quarter and expect more activity in the back half of the year than what we saw in the first half of the year. So it's a term that's thrown around a lot in our industry, that the year has become back-end loaded with regards to sequential growth. And it's certainly a period, as you've pointed out from the numbers, that, that's going to be the case again this year. The GAAP numbers, and you've adjusted them as you talked about them, but certainly, as you look at our sequential growth, you have to adjust for the FX, I think, to get to normalized growth, which you did in your comments. And I think you can see in the back half of the year, the growth that we've been talking about, both in terms of leasing activity and applications and new installations that are going on the towers. So I think you've correctly identified it, and it's a function of how the carriers deploy their network in the early part of the year, both their budgets and what they're planning on doing in the year, and then you'd see more activity in the back half of the year than maybe in the first half of the year. And so sequential growth in revenues and EBITDA follow that trend line.
Jay A. Brown: I would separate the REIT conversion from the capital allocation decision around whether we pay dividends or buy back stock. And so I think as we talk about it, you should view our comments as those are 2 separate decisions that we would make. On the REIT conversion and how we think about it, I would anticipate -- when we talk about converting, about exhausting the net operating losses in late 2016 or early 2017, I would expect that we'll convert to a REIT prior to accumulating a significant amount of operating or taxable income that we would need to distribute upon conversion. And so I don't think there will be a date upon which we're making a significant payout of accumulated earning in order to convert to a REIT. On the second part of the question around capital allocation and paying a dividend, we could certainly do that as a C Corp today. We have -- as you know, Rick, had a lot of conversations about this and talked a lot about it. When you look at the growth rates achieved in this business, and I think no matter how you want to look at cash flow metric on a per-share basis, our business is growing at about 30% year-over-year. And we think buying back the shares is a phenomenal investment relative to the alternatives. And so we have continued to stay on that and have done it for a number of years consistently. And I think at this point, we think that's the best path to go. But there will come a day when we're paying a dividend and ultimately, be in a REIT structure, and we'll look forward to that day as well. And between now and any time when we do pay a dividend, the aim is to get cash flow per share as high as we possibly can to maximize what that dividend will be.
Jay A. Brown: Sure. We're showing you just our U.S. business, because the vast majority of prepaid rent comes from our U.S. business. And so the numbers that are shown there would be our U.S. tenant leases. If you were to include Australia, then it would match up to our consolidated numbers and obviously, be considerably higher.
Jay A. Brown: No, no, that's a different answer. I mean, I'm talking about if they go back to the Network Vision overlay and add 2.5, many of those sites configured for that today, so that would not be a significant revenue event. I, like you, continue to expect that they are going to continue to add capacity and build that network to compete. And so we would fully expect -- in our comments around network densification, you're going to see Sprint right in there with everybody else, adding additional sites that they're not previously on. And so this runway, we talked about extended future growth around co-location, absolutely extends to Sprint and our expectations for what that brings in the future.
Jay A. Brown: You could -- and the last thing I'd say is you can certainly see that -- I know most of you listen to our carrier customers' earnings calls, and you can certainly hear that in their tone as well.
Jay A. Brown: Sure. It grew meaningfully in 2012, and it's grown, to a lesser extent, from '12 to '13, as the activity that we've been talking about, both in terms of amendment activity for LTE and then as new leasing has begun to pick up. It's been a part of the business, as I mentioned in my comments, since the beginning. So if you go back and look well back into history and you were to adjust for the number of towers that we own and then the leasing activity, what you would see is a graph that ebbs and flows. In some years it's higher, in some years it's lower, related to what leasing activity is going on. And so any period of time, like what we've been in, where there's an increase in activity, you're going to see that prepaid rent number increase.
Jay A. Brown: Well, it would be a combination of both. Typically speaking, if there's new leases going on the tower, there is going to be more equipment, and therefore, the structure is going to need -- likely to have greater reinforcing. So I think, generally speaking, you're going to have higher prepaid amounts on new leasing activities, so that would certainly factor into it. The other thing, if you're doing a comparison to history, that would also be true. We talked about the fact that about 75% of the prepaid rent activity is related to towers and 25% is related to small cell. So if we've been building the small-cell business, that wouldn't have been there. If you look back and look at it, say, you were trying to compare it to another high period of activity in the mid-2000s, 2005, 2006, that activity wouldn't have been there. So that would have been another reason why it would be higher today than what it would have been if you're looking back 4 or 5 years ago.
Jay A. Brown: Yes. Activity increased on towers from -- going into calendar year 2012 and then again, into calendar year 2013. And then, obviously, given the timing of our 2 acquisitions into that space, as well the things that we've built outside of those acquisitions, our exposure to small cells and the size of that business has increased significantly since 2010.
Jay A. Brown: Yes. Kevin, I was going to say, it's a function of leasing, and it's a combination of 2 things. If you look at our historical results and you go back to 2011 and look at the 6-year period of time from then, we've tripled the number of towers that we own. So even if activity were constant, the level of improvement, I would expect, would be triple today what it would have been on a historical basis, if you were to look back over time. On top of that, what we're seeing is a significant increase, as we've talked about it, it's in -- depending on how you want to measure it, more than double of activity from 2012 to 2013 when we look at new leases that are going on, on the asset. So it's a combination of growth in assets and a significant increase in leasing activity. As we look forward, the answer has kind of stayed the same, the level of assets stays constant, we would assume, at least, for modeling purposes that you're looking for. And then how much CapEx we spend is going to be a function of what's the leasing activity. And today, we're not here to provide guidance beyond calendar year 2013, but we'd expect that the level of spend would be matched with whatever the activity level is. Obviously, when you compare the whole of it, we do fantastic investments. If you look at -- an average tenant that goes on our tower is paying us in the neighborhood of $2,000 a month to go on an asset. To the extent that we make a capital improvement to hold that asset, and as we've shown, we reinvest it through a significant portion of that capital expenditure. This is a fantastic investment that we have in our business, and we're happy to spend the money and make the sites ready for these additional tenants. It's the highest investment of capital we have on the business.
Jay A. Brown: Sure, on your prepaid rent question, 25% of it is DAS related. And while, if you counted the number of assets that we have, we obviously have a much larger portfolio of towers than DAS, we're building and deploying a significant number of small cells. And so we've talked about the fact that while it represents less than 5% of the business, it could be in the neighborhood of about 20% of our growth in calendar year 2014. And we're seeing a very similar thing in terms of the prepaid rent, as it would match where the activity goes. So it's -- while it's a smaller portion of the overall assets, it's a meaningful amount and meaningful contribution to the growth rate that we're seeing in the business.
Jay A. Brown: Sure. The gross margin improvements are related to revenue growth, and the cost structure is relatively stable, particularly with regards to towers. As we build and deploy additional small-cell networks, the initial margins of those networks would be lower than our legacy portfolio, so it has a bit of a drag effect. But we've seen great growth there, and the margins are increasing significantly and that obviously helped the overall margins. On the G&A side, as we've ramped the services business and seen the additional activity, we've certainly added additional people in the business to manage that activity. And so I would point you to the fact that it's -- those 2 items are correlated, and we'd expect the G&A line will move to some degree in proportion with what we see from the services business over time.
Jay A. Brown: Sure. On the first question, the direct impact to our interest expense is relatively minor from rises in interest rates. The vast majority of our existing debt is financed for a long period of time, and it's fixed rate. We do have some exposure to floating-rate debt. Most of that floating-rate debt already has the LIBOR floor, and current LIBOR rates are well below the floor, so we've not seen anything there. Obviously, as you think about buying assets or buying back stock, the cost of the capital is a factor in how we think about that. And so we would adjust, as we go along, how we think about the relative value of assets and stock and purchases of land or building towers. On your second question around the impact of new leases, we have not done any presell agreements related to -- in our GAAP revenue numbers, related to brand-new leases. So the activity that we presold, which we talked about, that we think we've gone through -- gotten through most of that activity, thus far, that we're going to see, related to what was presold, that activity was all amendment-related. So to the extent that a tenant wants to go on a tower they're not currently located on, that would be additive to our growth rate. And my prior comments, I think you could see this in the numbers, the sequential growth in revenues, if you adjust for the onetime items that we've noted for you and adjust for the FX headwind that we're facing in the back half of the year, is meaningful in the back half of the year. And if you look at our leasing, as we look at the numbers, there's significantly more leasing in the back half of the year on a net basis than what we saw in the first half of the year. And so the sequential growth in steps will be -- we would expect to be larger in the back half of the year. As is typically the case in the tower business, that revenue growth is back-end loaded in the calendar year.
