Jay A. Brown: We don't like to get specific about individual customers. So it wasn't Alltel. We called it out the last time we gave outlook just to give you some flavor of what was happening, but I'd rather not go all the way to that level of detail. The second question you asked around taxes, none of the acquisitions, either WCP or NextG, have any significant impact to our timing of NOLs, so we continue to believe that we'll exhaust the current NOLs in late 2015, beginning of 2015. And as we've talked about in past quarters and on past calls, we're sort of planning, if you will, to think about reconversion no later than the beginning of 2016, which would enable us to avoid corporate taxes to a large extent. So no change there on any of the adjustments that we've made related to these acquisitions or our forecast related to those acquisitions.
Jay A. Brown: Okay, great. Brett, on the first question with regards to Sprint and their turndown of the iDEN network, which they'd indicated they can do. Again, the bookend of the exposure we have their, we think that's about 2% to 3% of consolidated revenues if they were to turn down all of those sites. We entered into an agreement with Sprint, which we publically talked about at the end of last year and that agreement provided them the ability to take down those sites under the timeline that they had originally announced, which would basically turn down the network in about 2014, which is commensurate with the average term they have remaining on those iDEN leases. So I would say if you're trying to factor it in and you want to take all of that out, take the wide end of it out, assuming that 2013, 2014 timeframe that we see a turndown of about 3% of consolidated revenues associated with iDEN. And right now, that's the best view that I have for you. And then we'll just kind of go from there.
Jay A. Brown: Sure, Rick. For the full year, the impact of the increased in interest expense is about $70 million. So you can net that off of the increase that we have in the acquisitions which is about $55 million or so. Remember there's a bit of a timing difference. We borrowed the money in January to prefund those acquisitions on a run rate basis. The acquisitions are basically a push at the AFFO line. So the growth in the base business is offset a little bit by the timing difference in when we began paying interest on the debt and when we closed on the acquisition, but the rest of the base business is -- or if you want to think about it as a run rate on the fourth quarter of this year, all of that growth in the base business falls through the AFFO line.
Jay A. Brown: There's nothing related to those 2 acquisitions that should affect our straight line revenue in either WCP or in terms of NextG. I think if you look at the change in straight line revenues from the fourth quarter of last year to the first quarter of this year, most of that movement is related to the timing of cash received. Obviously, this is one of the reasons why we're excited about focusing on FFO because it takes us down to the cash line and gets us out of some of the noise that we'll see from time to time up at the revenue and adjusted EBITDA line. But directionally, we think that, that component of the noncash revenue is headed downward and obviously, again, that's the benefit of focusing on AFFO.
Jay A. Brown: Sure. That's just opportunistic financing, frankly. If you look at 2 components of our balance sheet, the current coupon on the debt is wide of what the market would bear today if we were to go -- do a new issue. There's the 9% notes which are issued by the holding company and then there's the 7 3/4 notes, that senior secured notes that are issued by one of our subsidiary. And both of those instruments I would expect, over time, that will go in and refinance and push into a longer data financing and lower the interest coupon. And so the 9% note has a call date in January of 2013, so I would look at that as just opportunistically using our balance sheet, our credit facility, our revolving credit facility which we'll do over time and then ultimately we'll turn that out into a longer dated financing as the market allows.
Jay A. Brown: Sure. I'll take the first and the third and let Ben take the second one. On the impact which we laid out and I think you've correctly discussed kind of the benefit of the base business, and the reason why EBITDA is maybe higher than revenue. Two reasons there. One is on the cost side, both site rental and direct cost and the benefit that managing G&A appropriately for the balance of the year, there is some benefit there. As we talked about with the NextG acquisition, we expect over time there'll be some synergy. So we're getting some benefit there. And then the second thing is from a services business contribution. From the services business, we obviously had a very good quarter in the first quarter and we slightly raised our expectation for the balance of future quarters based on the increased activity we're seeing in the site rental business. So I think that's most of that. And the third question around the guidance for the full year. This is -- as Ben talked about, this is something we haven't seen in a very, very long period of time where you have all of the major carriers working on significant deployments. And so as you think about AT&T, Verizon, Sprint and T-Mobile, all 4 of them are very active as they're either upgrading networks, deploying new cell sites but really enhancing their wireless networks, particularly as a result of all of the trends that Ben spoke about in the data space. And so over the course of the year, as we continue to roll here, we've seen activity across the board from all of the carriers and that's why leasing activity was ahead of our expectation. I hate to kind of zero in on any 1 of those 4 because I think the general trajectory of all of those 4 would appear to be higher than what we've seen in the past years for the balance of this year, and that's reflected in the changes that we made to our forward outlook as well as the benefit that we saw in the first quarter. And happy to give you maybe a little bit more clarity on how that plays out in the balance of the year, but right now the tail, it looks like a pretty strong tailwind for the balance of the year from all of us.
Jay A. Brown: Sure, Jonathan. On your first question, any of the carrier activity, we put it into the outlook or into the guidance when we have reasonable basis to do so. And that can either be based on the conversations we have with the carriers or alternatively when we have application. The applications give us about 3 to 6 months worth of visibility. And so as you're looking at any cycle early in the year now, we would have pretty good visibility as to what the second quarter and a portion of the third quarter would look like in terms of the applications coming online. The end of the third quarter and the fourth quarter activity would be largely based on conversation, and that's true regardless of which carrier customer you're talking about.
Jay A. Brown: Mike, we've owned the NextG assets for a couple of weeks, which is the majority of what we have in terms of DAS site. And those only have one and a quarter tenant on them. So I think that will probably be a question we'll be better able to answer over time as we structure more of these deals and negotiate with the carriers. But right now, it's such early days. I think, in general, if you were to look at kind of past practice and kind of where we're at today, the portion of prepaid rent that the carriers have been willing to pay broadly in the industry is maybe higher than traditional towers. But keep in mind a lot of that was driven by the fact that a lot of the folks in the business were funded by private equity and so they really didn't have an opportunity or an ability to have capital put to work on behalf of the carriers like we do. So my guess is that, over time, the migration will probably look more like the traditional tower business, but it's so early that it's really hard to say that. And again, this is driven on a deal by deal economics, and so I think we're looking at driving returns given a certain set of investment opportunities that are in front of us and maybe ultimately the carrier's view and desire is to go to a structure that looks more like paying a higher portion of the rent day one. And we'd be open to that structure. It just comes down to the economics and the returns around certain assets. But I think, honestly, you're going to have to give us a little bit more time and we'll kind of see how the market develops.
Jay A. Brown: Sure. On the onetime items, there are things where we find, as we do normal reviews of the portfolio, we will find that the carrier has installed some equipment that maybe we weren't notified about and so there will be some nonrecurring benefit that we'll pick up revenue from the last time that we ought to visit the site and they pay us for that. Some of it is just timing around when leases get into the system against when they were installed on the site. So there's always going to be a little bit of that noise. It's a little higher this quarter, honestly, than what it normally is. Normally, we're in the kind of 2 to 3 range and up at 5 in the first quarter. So a little higher than the normal, but not completely unusual. The impact for the balance of the year, I mean, I spoke to the question earlier around how much visibility we have. We certainly had a very good first quarter. We have pretty good visibility based on applications for about 3 to 6 months. And for the last half of the year, we're just doing it based on either conversations we've had directly with the carriers or what they've said publicly, and we've maybe mitigated a little bit from current levels of activity in the back half of the year and the outlook we gave and we'll just kind of see how it develops. And then in your last question around how the services business performs and why we're assuming that it's down. As Ben spoke to, there's a lot of volatility there and we don't have as much visibility or clarity on exactly the services that the carriers will engage -- gauge us to do. So we're generally pretty conservative in terms of the outlook that we give. If you were looking at it in past periods and you were to look at changes either up or down, that's largely indicative of the movements in the carrier's leasing activity and how much deployments they have going on. So in periods where the carriers are deploying more equipment, they're busier when they offload more of that work to us. Where there's not as much activity going on, those would be reflected in slowdowns in that business. That's the generalization. But as we give outlook, we're generally pretty conservative against that. So sometimes, there's a bit of a divergence between what we talked about in terms of lease applications and that environment and then what we baked into our outlook for our services business.
W. Benjamin Moreland: I think, James, just in general, we're seeing continued capacity constraints being evidenced in these networks, and increasingly, those are happening in areas where it's difficult to solve the problem with macro tower sites or rooftop sites, hence, the need for some of the small-cell sites that we've talked about and our strategic direction with the acquisition of NextG. I think you're going to expect that to continue going forward as all of us as are consuming a lot more bandwidth and the spectrum is a relative finite resource, and so the size of these ultimate cell sites continue to shrink. I think it's important to note, as we're now in both businesses in a big way, we continue to see the small-cell site opportunity as very robust, but complementary to the macro site business. Clearly, a macro site where that's a viable alternative is the preferred approach, and that's a business that we're -- in our tower business, we're obviously still focused on in a huge way. So the way we think about the small cells and the DAS opportunity is to literally augment with a very same business model. I think this is really important. The very same business model in terms of a shared common element instead of it being the tower, being the fiber typically here where we can share it among a number of providers in the market and make it very efficient for them to access our systems. So that's really what we see, and I think time will play out. It's still very early days in this evolution of these sites and how the networks develop, but we see a long runway.
W. Benjamin Moreland: I think that's putting a pretty fine point on kind of what our expectations would be. I think, typically, we see carriers working very hard to accommodate the demand that we're all placing as consumers on the networks, and how carriers ultimately elect to allocate spectrum and acquire spectrum is something we don't spend a lot of time on with them. I think it is interesting though to just consider the fact that the spectrum they're acquiring is of higher band than what they're selling, which certainly suggests given the penetration and the propagation characteristics of the spectrum that small cells or smaller cells are certainly going to play a role going forward where you don't necessarily need the propagation characteristics of the 700 megahertz spectrum because the cell site size that you're trying to accommodate here will certainly be accommodated with a higher frequency. So we thought that was sort of interesting in the observation. But beyond that, I really wouldn't have a comment for you.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Brett, I'll take the second one with respect to a potential tower process that maybe going on with T-Mobile sites. Look, as we always do, we look at anything available in the market and we always underwrite transactions like that with a heavy view towards reinvesting those proceeds or that capital in our own business in the form of share purchases. And so we would look at a relatively immature tower portfolio and back into what do you have to believe about future leasing to drive higher AFFO per share than we could have otherwise driven with those same proceeds in our business over a sort of a medium-term horizon. Jay mentioned earlier in the question about our anticipated or expected conversion to a REIT, that's our working assumption. It becomes very simple around here then if you start thinking about what is the objective, and the objective is to maximize the perspective dividend post 2016. It's very simple. And so we believe that's how we'll be measured. We think that's the basis for the AFFO per share calculation that we're all undertaking today. And so anything we do, including the NextG acquisition we just closed, we expect will drive a higher dividend capacity in the company in 2016 than otherwise we could have done with the other alternatives presented to us at that time. So that's how we'll look at any acquisition and that's how we've done it in the past and you should assume that will continue.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Sure. In a theoretical, sort of academic answer, sure, absolutely. We don't draw any hard and fast lines about what we will or won't do, but I'm happy to share with you what our objective is, and that is to maximize the dividend capacity in a sort of a medium term when we think that's going to be so important.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Sure. With respect to kind of current activity, we haven't booked -- baked any of that into our future guidance, into our outlook for the rest of the year. So there's nothing going on within those 2 carriers in the order of magnitude of sort of a brand new LTE overlay that would suggest we put it in the guidance today. We're still in the early front end of that. We are seeing nice activity out of T-Mobile in what I would call the sort of a normal resumption of network enhancements and roaming overbuilds and things that they're doing. So that's certainly nice to see. We are on the front end and I don't think have not really commenced the process around the LTE overlay that they've described publicly. And Simon, I'm probably not going to get into a lot of detail on what our terms or MLA terms or things would look at. There's certainly options around negotiating a new master agreement with them. There's certainly the option to just proceed on a site by site basis sort of business as usual. We've done both in the past and have been successful in both regard, so we'll see what best suits them as we go forward, but none of that is in the current guidance today.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes, I think what we're -- the short answer is no, we haven't seen any slowdown. In fact, to the contrary, our application volume is up. And when we give you the revenue, that 25%, that's a revenue comparison in terms of originated revenue. The volume of activity is actually up beyond that in terms of numbers of application. And so we see a very high level of engagement on the part of our customers. Again, we would be sort of the leading indicator if the application cycle takes sometimes 6 to 9 months to actually turn into revenue. And so as we look out to the back half of the year, we see a lot of activity turning into revenue. I really couldn't speak to the equipment flows in terms of availability of equipment, but that's just one component of a fairly long cycle time of doing the installations and the upgrades on the sites. And so we are well underway with really all 3, and most recently in most volume being Sprint through their Network Vision activity that they've described. It's very, very busy around Crown Castle right now.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes. And specifically Sprint, we see a lot of activity as you indicated, and that's certainly a factor in our outlook going forward. Your second question, David, will be short on DISH. We're in active dialogue with them. I won't certainly attempt to speak for them or what their plans are on this call, but we're very excited about the prospect of that spectrum ultimately coming to market in whatever form or partnership or structure that it may take. We have assets and portfolio, whether it be macro sites or small cells. We are absolutely available and willing to work with them very aggressively on helping them deploy that spectrum. And so it's exciting for us sort of at a high level that you have someone entertaining a business plan with a notion of wanting wireless service through a spectrum they've acquired. Beyond that, we'll have to wait and see exactly how the deployment plan looks.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes. The services -- thanks for asking because it's a lot of work and we got a lot of people deploying, working hard for customers on that effort, but we're continuing to increase our take rate in terms of opportunities among carriers touching our sites and then increasing the scope of what we're actually doing in those individual installations. And won't get into a whole lot of detail there, but we've increased the scope of work that we're typically taking on for customers there. We are always, and I'm the first one on this topic, we're always conservative about how we anticipate or forecast future growth there. It's just difficult. It's volume based, it's transaction based and it's a discretionary purchase on the part of the carrier. So it's a very difficult thing for us to forecast. We are very pleased to see that its trajectory has been up and we've been doing very well with it. And frankly, the way we think about it is it covers a lot of overhead and a lot of the activities that we undertake to bring us closer to our customers in the high touch experience that they enjoy working with us, but we are going to always sort of take a little bit of a haircut on our forward outlook until we ultimately deliver and maybe that provides a little bit of an upward surprise from time to time, and that's a good thing. We've been on the reverse of that as well, as you remember. So we're going to try to keep it on the side.
W. Benjamin Moreland: It's all of the above. It's everything from permitting and zoning all the way through the construction management cycle of the installations that were the amendments on our sites. It's really a turnkey process.
W. Benjamin Moreland: To your next question on the interest on the part of the carriers around DAS networks and small cells, here's how our experience has gone in terms of -- and we're gratified the see that basically we're involved in existing agreements and ongoing conversations with really all the major carriers at this point. And the decision to purchase decision that they make in our experience is most largely driven by speed and execution capability, which we are thrilled to death to tell you that in our judgment, NextG is the best in class at that. So in terms of getting networks on the air, on time and on budget, there's nobody better. The second area that I think is incredibly compelling is what I was speaking about in my opening remarks around the nature of the shared wireless infrastructure model that we promote and utilized in the tower business where the carriers are able to spread the cost of data occupancy among their tenants, their co-tenants on our towers. The same is true in a DAS system where it's going to be much more economically efficient for one party, in this case, ourselves, to own a system and share it among carriers in that market. We are in a -- we believe have adequate or superior return above our sort of cost to capital for the effort and the risk profile we're undertaking. But for each individual carrier, it's a significantly less expensive proposition to occupy our site or our system than it is to try to build themselves. I would say it's in that order that I suggested the first criteria, given the network challenges is speed and execution capability. But we always have an eye toward making sure that it's economically compelling for the customer so that we're always on the right side of that equation. And so far, we are very pleased with what we see.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Well, it's very early days, but there's certainly nothing preventing them from that. I think experience and just logic would tell you their primary objective is to satisfy their own capacity challenge on their own network. And to the extent co-location is an opportunity, you have to ask them, certainly, on a venue, in building situation, that's often the case. But there's a big market out there and we're certainly not going to be the only party in this business and we'll have a number of parties in the business as we have today, as well as our carrier customers self providing, building for themselves because, frankly, there's a lot of need out there and they can't always be met by the independent parties that are in the market.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Sure Mike. Good question. This is a -- I would describe it as a venue-by-venue discussion depending on where the system is built. It's also a carrier by carrier conversation. And so depending on what the desire of the venue and the economics of how that relationship is structured, it can be structured as an upfront payment that's required to the venue in order to secure the system, for the rights to build the system in the area. Sometimes they would rather have a share of ongoing revenues. Sometimes they would like a fixed ongoing payment in the future, and that to some degree drives then the conversation that we have with the carriers when they are interested in going onto the systems. It is typically structured like the tower business, where most of the value is driven by ongoing revenues that are paid on the quarterly -- on a monthly basis over a long period of time. Some portion of those revenues, depending on -- largely dependent on how we think about the payments at the initial date to do that for capital deployment, considerations or payments to the venue, sometimes we'll ask them to pay a portion of their rent in the form of a prepaid rent that they pay day one. And so I wouldn't describe there to be a norm yet in this industry. My guess is after a couple of years, there will be something that becomes more normalized, but today, it's a transaction-by-transaction basis. And as we evaluate it, we're looking at it on a return standpoint. So as Ben described earlier in the conversation, how we evaluate alternatives, we can certainly talk about that on a broad basis around how we think about investments and buying back shares or tower acquisitions for DAS investments. When you get down to the more specific level, we would look at each individual transaction or opportunity that we may choose to bid on or not bid on based on the economics that we think are available there. And that would be a combination of what are the economics to the venue and then what are the economics we're receiving from the carrier, and then we balance those and strike a deal that we think delivers the appropriate return for the risk that we're taking.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Whatever develops ultimately gets washed out at the AFFO line though, right, because that's ultimately just cash. So it's all about returns at the end of the day.
W. Benjamin Moreland: All right. Thanks. I think with that, we're right at the bottom of the hour. I know it's a busy time, so we'll let everybody jump. Thanks for joining us on the call. We've got a lot going on, look forward to the rest of the year and some exciting things happening at Crown Castle. So have a great rest of the day. Thank you.
