W. Benjamin Moreland: James, I'll take the first one and let Jay take the second one on the deployment of cash. As we have worked now through and start preparing for closing on the T-Mobile assets, our level of enthusiasm has only grown. We continue to see and expect significant leasing opportunities as we bring those sites in and integrate them and market them, and are able to provide the solutions-based approach both on services and the site leasing that those sites represent. As you know, it's a very significant increase in our footprint. It's about a 33% increase in our footprint with very high concentration in the top 100 markets. And so based on very preliminary indications from customers, we are more enthusiastic, I'll just say, than we have even at the beginning. And time will tell but we think we're going to be quite busy with those sites. So Jay, I'll let you take a crack at...
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes, we are seeing some of that. We are seeing in various cases and it's not insignificant, but hard to forecast, where they’re exceeding the original terms of the MLA and taking a second RAD center on the existing site to deal with the capacity challenges they're finding in that particular location. That's a hard thing to forecast, Simon, so we wouldn't try to quantify it for you, but it's certainly something that we're seeing.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Well, I'd have to let them speak to the timing, but it's generally the configurations ultimately exceeding the capacity on the existing RAD center and/or the height distinction based upon a different frequency that they're requiring. And so we're seeing occasions where they're taking a second RAD center on site.
W. Benjamin Moreland: I would just add one other thing to that. For example, this -- the activity we've seen in the last quarter, in this third quarter, about 70% of the activity that we saw going on the towers was actually presold. So it's important to remember that these contracts that we did, we're effectively preselling the 4G upgrade activity across a significant base of our customer base. And so we're now collecting the cash for that, and those are contracted cash payments over the term of that as licenses, as Jay mentioned and we've talked about before, 9 years of term. And the graph says from 2012, 2020, that contracted escalator of about 4% across the entire book of business. And so that is sort of all-inclusive number. And so you see the cash going up, but the run rate, to a large degree, related specifically to the 4G upgrades are already presold. However, you do make a point which we certainly expect to see over time. It's just hard to see at the moment. And that is increasing levels of leasing and sales beyond what's already contracted. And that would be from cell splitting; that would be from the second RAD center we talked about a minute ago, people taking more than is permitted under the current MLAs; the growth in the small-cell business, all those things we think become more meaningful as we go through these LTE upgrades. And that is incremental revenue and obviously, cash flow over time, but certainly, not contemplated in the current agreements that are making up the majority of our current revenue stream.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes, the first question, with a big groan from all the Crown Castle people working on this, I'd say we're focused on sort of the current run rate. And we are seeing a tremendous amount of activity; we've got a lot of people working very hard to deliver that. But that's basically our focus, is sort of the second half of the year run rate.
W. Benjamin Moreland: We've been a little gentle in our DAS guidance, Rick. We are tracking ahead of our original acquisition model on the NextG acquisition. But as you rightly point out, those amendments that would come across an existing base would be additional revenue opportunities, and we look at it really as a total pot of new revenues. So we go through it at line by line granular level and look at, okay, here's amendment opportunities, here's additional co-location opportunities and then here's brand-new system opportunities to which we are, in fact, engaged by Metro PCS today on some systems, which we're very pleased with. So we really build it from the ground up, and so we're not always sure as -- we've been in this business a long time. It's not a perfect science. We get it about 60% to 70% right in terms of predicting exactly what the components of revenue are, because obviously, we can't completely predict customer behavior and timing. But I'd say all those factors are considered as we go into what our lease-up expectation or revenue growth on small-cells is. But taken in aggregate, we are certainly tracking above what we originally planned. And I think there's probably a little upside left, but we'll have to see how that goes.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes, it's priced as a unit basis, as a price for a certain configuration on the site as you identified, Brett, but it is a commitment on their part. So it's in the run rate, okay? So again, these rules -- we didn't make up the GAAP rules. But if it's a commitment, then it's straight-line revenue. And so it was based on a particular configuration on each individual site and a payment per site based on just as they would naturally have deployed, but it was structured as a commitment, such that we had to record the revenue when the commitment was made. And so that's effectively going through the numbers today. But again, the cash, you'll now see the cash go consistent with their commitment plan in terms of how they're phasing their LTE upgrade -- or network modernization plan, and that's, in fact, a contributor to what we're seeing in AFFO.
W. Benjamin Moreland: No, because again, it's a committed payment structure so it's already in the revenue. One other point we didn't mention because, frankly, it's a little bit trivial. It's not trivial to us, but it may be trivial to you because you can't really see it in the revenue, is our outlook internally for leasing is up about 10% over 2012. But you can't see much of that in the number because so much of what we already see is already presold. So the amount then, the -- new activity, new leasing activity, x what's already been sold is actually up year-over-year. The reason we didn't really make a big deal of it is because you guys can't see it, and we appreciate that. We understand that. But it's ultimately cash and it's activity.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Kevin, thanks for that. We are really excited about the progress that the FirstNet board has -- is already making. And this is going to be a -- it is going to be long-term and it's certainly not in our current outlook. But the recognition that, as mandated by Congress, that they, to the fullest extent possible, locate on shared infrastructure, i.e. existing towers co-location, we think is absolutely the right way to go. There's a lot of different potential architectures floating around about how this will actually get launched, whether it will be as part of a shared network with existing commercial carriers today, where they would contribute their spectrum and then be hosted effectively on those networks; or whether it will be a separate network built across co-location on towers. I think it's too early to predict that outcome, but we're very pleased that they actually -- there's 20 megahertz allocated, upwards of $7 billion depending upon how the auctions go, and obviously, a very concerted effort on their part to get moving on a National Public Safety Network. Given our position, with pro forma 30,000 sites, most of which in the top 100 cities, you can bet we, as Crown Castle, will be very interested and engaged in that process of facilitating their deployment regardless of how they ultimately decide the architecture goes. Whether it's a shared deployment with existing commercial networks, we can certainly participate in that, as we talked about before, or whether it's a discrete new build, we obviously know how to price configurations on towers and have the capability to get them installed very rapidly. So it's very early days, but there is progress being made, and we're encouraged and engaged, honestly, engaged in the process and in the conversation, and stay tuned. We think it's a, maybe a '14 or '15 event.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes, what we basically have implied in the guidance is essentially the second half run rate of this year into ‘14 -- 2013. But, Phil, I appreciate the question because the crew doesn’t get a lot of credit sometimes. We are -- we've seen twice the application volume on our sites in the third quarter as we saw in the third quarter of '11. So 2x the actual volume going through the door in terms of processing applications, and then an increasing level of those sites where we're actually handling the service, the installation work largely related to the LTE upgrade. And at the same time, we've increased the scope of services to include site acq and zoning work in many cases. So we're typically handling more of the individual transaction and booking more revenue and margin accordingly. So it's been a great outcome for us. It gives us not only a revenue opportunity, but it keeps us close to customers; it keeps us more in control of the deployment and helping them meet their deployment timelines, and obviously, helps us control what's going on our assets. Because we do a lot of our own structural analyses in-house, we can -- we just -- you're closer to the asset, which we think is the right thing to do. Financially, it's very difficult to predict how it continues to grow. Obviously, we're going through a timeline right now where there's a huge bubble of activity around all 4 carriers doing LTE amendment. In fact, we're adding people in the company to support that work. We didn't really mention it on this call because it's being covered by margin, as you would hope it is, which it is, so you really won't be able to see. But in addition to adding resource and investment in the small-cell business, we're doing the same to support the service level of activity, but again, it's self-funding, covered by the margin. Undoubtedly, you can look forward and say at some point in the future, you're going to see that start to tail off obviously, mitigated by the additional 7,300 sites we're bringing in on T-Mobile, so we expect to have service opportunity there as well, which might mitigate that step down. But certainly, when you see the level of activity in '12, I don't think you can just forecast that out forever. But at the same time, we're carrying costs there that we think are variable costs in many respects. And so you'd see the cost load come down as well. I think we'll take one more question since we're a little over our time. Appreciate everybody's patience.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes, that's a tough one for us from our chair to address. I'd probably defer that to our customers. But in terms of as we see the deployment of LTE, we certainly see that continuing full-on '13 and '14. I mean, we've looked at it carrier-by-carrier and we see a lot of activity full year '14. So I don't think that's closed down. The real question is when do you start to see the cells splitting and that incremental revenue coming. As we mentioned a minute ago, we're actually already seeing that. And we're seeing that to the extent of a marginal amount of incremental leasing on our sites in terms of new co-locations, both in new sites and second RAD centers on existing sites. So we're already seeing that to a point, again, not really that material in the run rate yet, but we're encouraged by what we see, and I would expect you'll see that continuing gradually over time as we move out into second half of '13 and into '14. But right now, appreciate that everybody's pretty much every waking moment is being worked on, is consumed by LTE activity. Never have we seen 4 carriers, each trying to overlay an LTE upgrade as we're seeing now with T-Mobile just getting started. And so the industry is very busy if you talk around – you can just talk to vendors and people that you might know in the market. There's a lot going on and we're very pleased to be participating in that at the service level, and obviously, ahead of plan in many respects in terms of the presold revenue. But we'll get to a point where that has kind of run its course, and as we talk about public safety and potentially, the DISH Network spectrum coming into the market and additional co-location from cell splitting and things, there's plenty of upside long-term to what I would call organic revenue growth. And in the meantime, obviously, cash pays the dividend one day, and cash flow growth around here we continue to think is sort of mid-teens, as I mentioned, sort of stretched to 20%, and we're going to work pretty hard to get that done.
W. Benjamin Moreland: It certainly gives them more capacity. That's just a technology fact. However, nobody has ever been in this environment where we continue to use more data than people can ultimately produce. You see tablets. I mean literally, every single morning on CNBC, there's a new company talking about their mobile strategy. And so that takes bandwidth; that takes sites. And so it's a -- we're in uncharted territory about how fast the data growth occurs and how fast that capacity gets consumed. Obviously, we're going to work very hard to keep up and we are thrilled with the position of the company, which has been very deliberate. I'll again say this year is, I think, going to turn out to be a watershed year for Crown Castle and how we have positioned the company for the next 10 years in terms of assets. But we are working very hard to keep up and we got a lot on our plate. I would like to end the call. I appreciate everybody hanging with us a little longer than the hour. There's a lot going on in the industry. I know there's another call today or 2, so thanks, again, and we'll talk to you on the fourth quarter call.
Jay A. Brown: James, on the second question around the $530 million that we have to invest, our strategy is the same as we've had for a number of years, which is we look to invest that cash flow in the opportunities that we think have the best chance to maximize long-term cash flow per share. And on that list of things that we will look at is everything from buying back our own stock, which we've done a significant amount of over the last decade, as well as doing things like tower acquisitions and building sites, particularly building small-cell sites, the small-cells that Ben talked about in his comments and I made some reference to in my comments. So I don't think there's any change in terms of how we look at investments and allocating that capital, and we don't have any pre-conceived plan as to what the allocation among those will be. We'll look at investments as they come up and allocate them to maximize long-term cash flow per share. One item I'll note for you, to some degree, we may use a relatively small portion of that cash flow to reduce the revolver borrowings. As you know, we're a little bit ahead of our targeted level of leverage range, about 4x to 6x. So we have growth in EBITDA that will move us back into the range relatively quickly, but we may use some relatively small portion of that cash flow to reduce the revolver balance. But we’ll have to see how it goes into the course of the year. But really, no change in the strategy.
Jay A. Brown: Sure, Simon. On the first one, it's pretty simple. There's really not anything included prospectively around Clearwire or around a prospective Dish network launch or sharing opportunity that they may avail themselves of with another carrier. We'll just have to, as we've said on prior calls, we're certainly open for business and open for dialogue there, and we anticipate that'll be a good outcome, but that’s certainly not in our outlook so far. And the second...
Jay A. Brown: Sure. That's a great segue to go back to kind of what I was trying to step through in my prepared comments around the differences between the growth in adjusted EBITDA versus, as you've correctly laid out, the growth in AFFO. So we're expecting AFFO growth on a normalized or an apples-to-apples basis of about $120 million. And if you go back up the income statement and look at adjusted EBITDA, about $65 million of adjusted EBITDA growth. And the difference there is the function of really 2 things: First of all, as you've highlighted, there are some differences in terms of the cash revenues that we're collecting and our GAAP revenues. So over the last several years, as we've announced, we've done a number of agreements with carriers who are now deploying 4G activities. And those agreements gave them certain rights to add additional equipment to our towers based on the contracted cash payments that they made with us. So under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, we have to go in and go ahead and book that revenue because it's certain on the day at which we make the agreement with the customer and then we receive the cash over time. And so what's happening in our numbers now is you're seeing the significant uplift in the steps of cash payments from these customers associated with that activity. Now in the past, we didn't have certainty of the activity. So as we would go into any given year and we added tenants to the towers, that would represent both new revenue and new cash. And in this case, because we have certainty of the activity, the revenue is already included in the run rate as we leave 2012. And then over the course of the year, we get the contractual steps and cash payments from those leases. And so during the period of time, all that to say, during the period of time under which we’re -- the carriers are deploying the 4G equipment as permitted under their agreements with us, we don't expect to see a real large meaningful impact to site rental revenues, but we do expect to continue to get the benefit of the contractual cash steps in those payments. So that's the first reason. The second reason is the comments that I made around our small-cells business. And we are making an investment, as you can see in the cost increase in 2013 from 2012. We're making an investment in operating costs. And those operating costs are driving 2 things: One is giving us operational scale in the business so that we can continue to operate these systems, and the second one is deploying new systems. And the combination of those 2 creates incremental margins that are lower than what we've seen in the past, and that's all being driven by this investment of additional operating cost in the small-cell business. So that's really the reason why you've got this separation, which, as you correctly pointed out, is different than what we've seen in the past. But at the same time, it's I think one of the reasons why we've tried over the last several years to focus our conversation on cash flow per share. And this is long-term, the best, as we believe, the best indication of what our capability is to issue a dividend over the long period of time. So that AFFO per share number reflects all of the changes in how we structure the customer agreements and we're seeing the benefit of big steps in cash.
Jay A. Brown: Marc, your second question. I would say we're still in the early days of preparing for a REIT reconversion. Obviously, we don't expect to exhaust our net operating losses until 2015 -- towards the end of 2015 or early 2016, so we're in the early days of beginning this work. However, I would tell you, from our initial look at it, the vast majority of the services work that we perform would qualify as REIT income. And so we would expect, at least at this point, I would expect that our services business will not be in a separate taxable REIT subsidiary.
Jay A. Brown: I believe we'll update it when we get to January, at the end of January when we report our fourth quarter results.
Jay A. Brown: Yes, it is some of both. And Rick, I think, as I articulated, the spending there on small-cells, I think on the capital side, we will continue over time to make investments in these to build additional systems. We believe that on the operating expense side, which is going to hit site rental direct operating cost, so as you look at the numbers, that would impact site rental gross margin for 2013. We believe that is a bit of a onetime step-up as we build scale into the -- operating scale into the business. But that is affecting our direct site rental gross margins.
Jay A. Brown: Sure. On the -- on land side, we'll spend in the neighborhood of about $100 million on land. We'll spend about $100 million on -- $100 million to $150 million on distributed antenna systems or small-cell activity. And then we'll spend most of the rest of the balance of that on upgrading existing sites for new tenants. And then there will be some small portion of that CapEx that will be spent on building new towers.
Jay A. Brown: Sure. On the first question, Jason, I think you've described it correctly. There's about 5% revenue growth; 1% of that is coming from the base of business. It's 2% growth in escalators, less about 1% of churn. And then the balance of it is coming from leasing-related activity on the portfolio. In the past, over the last couple of years on an organic basis, if you will, or a same-tower sales basis, we've been growing revenues about 8%, 8% to 9% in total, about 1% to 2% out of the base, and then 6% to 7% out of organic leasing. So our leasing assumption is down, but to your point, if you were to adjust it and consider that we presold a significant amount of the opportunity in 2013, we're looking at something that's relatively comparable to past years making that adjustment. And obviously, as we look forward over the long-term, as Ben mentioned, we think there's opportunities for that number to go back up as the activity moves from just simply being amendment activity on related leases to going back in being infill sites or adding additional RAD centers to towers that they're already located on. On your second question around churn, there's no significant items or meaningful items that I -- individual customers that I would single out for 2013 in terms of churn. 1% churn is in line with our historical levels of churn, and so it looks like a normal year. I would mention that on the horizon, although not in 2013, is obviously, the changes that Sprint had looked at with regard to their iDEN network. iDEN makes up about 3% of our consolidated revenues. And we would expect, to the extent that they ultimately do decommission and don't redeploy those sites for CDMA or LTE, that we would see the churn of that revenue beginning at the beginning of 2014 and then see that 3% come off over the calendar year '14 and then the first half of 2015. So I don't have great clarity, obviously, at this point as to the exact timing of that, but if you were to assume 3% over those 6 quarters, that's at least the bookend of where we think this thing plays out if ultimately they decommission that. But in the short-term, I don't have any visibility towards any specific events in calendar year '13.
Jay A. Brown: It is, Brett. So on a cash basis, the cash is growing about 4%, and the benefit we're receiving on -- in GAAP revenues is about 2%. So that is exactly the impact of the straight-line.
Jay A. Brown: Brett, one thing that may be just helpful is for us to just step back for a second and talk about the 4 big carriers at a high level in terms of what we've presold versus what we haven't. Because what's difficult for us, as we've talked about over time, is we've tried to get some clarity to what we've presold and what we haven't presold and how those contracts work in terms of our cash commitments. But each of those agreements are unique. And they're unique based on what the carriers believe their deployment schedule looks like. And so we've tried to be careful in terms of our description of these agreements to not give away what a particular carrier, an individual carrier is expecting to do or how many sites that they're going to do. So as we look at the big 4 carriers and the activity that's going on in the U.S. today for the deployment of 4G, there is some of that activity, and we would say the vast majority of that activity that's going on today, that is presold. And that's a mix of things where carriers had rights to make -- add equipment to existing levels and add existing levels on the towers. Then other situations, there is specific equipment that they can add to towers at a specific -- at the level that they're on currently. So there's a mix of how each of these agreements are structured. And the comments that we're trying to make in terms of giving you color around the 2013 outlook is to tell you that what we're seeing in terms of the activity and what we expect in 2013 is that the vast majority of that activity is actually included, already included in the run rate of site rental revenues. Now as we move out the timeline to the right and as the carriers, and we're seeing early signs of this, as the carriers look to add additional capacity to their 4G networks, there's a significant amount of that activity that's not presold. And so our assumption in the outlook for 2013 is that most of the activity is presold, but as we're seeing early signs of, we may get into the calendar year and find out that the phasing or deployment schedules of that activity may become sooner than what we had expected in our outlook. So it's -- when we start to ask about specific carriers, we want to be careful about how we answer the question, at the same time, trying to tie that back to the outlook that we gave. The outlook assumes that the vast majority of the activity is in the current run rate.
Jay A. Brown: Okay. On the first question, as I said but I was kind of speaking over you, apologies for that, approximately 70% of the activity in 2012 was related to -- was presold. And in 2013, it's a similar level, about 3/4 of the amendment activity is really presold. With regards to the guidance, and we talked about this a little bit last quarter, we did -- we do expect cash in this calendar year to be slightly ahead of what we had previously guided. And I think as we get our sea legs under us and focus on cash, we'll probably continue to maybe be a tad conservative in terms of forecasting exactly where cash is in any given quarter. There's a few things that move around, obviously, related to that, to the billings and receipts of cash. And so I'll just let the guidance that we gave stand. With regards to iDEN on the T-Mobile site, it represents about 3% of the revenues, 3% of the revenues there.
