Jay Brown: Sure. Thanks for the question, Simon. We haven't changed our target of thinking about the balance sheet in 4x to 6x of debt to adjusted EBITDA level, and we're approaching sort of a midpoint of that, which is, I said in the past, I would expect on most days, that's where we're going to operate the company in and around that level. As we've delevered, I think, what we've done is created some opportunity for us to be opportunistic as maybe an acquisition or other opportunity comes along. And we wouldn't necessarily be opposed to seeing the leverage tick up for the right transaction. But again, I think, most of the time, you're going to see us operate the business in and around 5x. And the second part of that question really leads to how much cash flow do we have available in the business? And in a normal year, we're growing recurring cash flow or adjusted EBITDA, if you wan to think about it that way, in the neighborhood of $100 million per year. So if we were to maintain in the neighborhood of 5x the leverage, that would give us the capacity of an additional $500 million of borrowing in addition to the cash flow that we're producing in the business within the neighborhood of $750 million. So there's meaningful amounts of flexibility that we have at this current level of leverage. The other part of your question, as we think longer term about REIT conversion, today, we have about $2 billion of net operating losses, and I would expect that we would exhaust those before converting to a REIT, and that would put us somewhere in the neighborhood of 2015 or 2016 before we would expect to make that REIT conversion. And I do think there is probably value at that point in time to having an investment grade credit rating once we're in the area of converting to a REIT. And that would suggest a leverage level that may be slightly below that 5x target. So we'll just have to look at it over time, and continue to manage the balance sheet appropriately, and I would just -- I would indicate that we'll continue to do that with an appropriate level of flexibility. And I think that's really what we've -- what I'm trying to point out by saying that we are down to the lowest level in the company's history. I think we're at a place now where we do have some flexibility, maybe in past periods, where we didn't have that flexibility.
Jay Brown: James, thanks for the question. With regards to your first question around the increase in our outlook, I think as we talked about on the first quarter call, we didn't expect to see in calendar year 2011 much activity from Sprint. We thought that most of the Network Vision activity would be a really late 2011 event, potentially not even see that until the beginning of 2012. And as I mentioned in my comments, we've increased the amount for activity of leasing that we would expect to see in the second half of this year by about 15% to 20%, and a big portion of that would be related to what we're seeing from Sprint. So it absolutely is embedded in some of that, but it would all be -- basically, all of it would be forward-looking based on the activity that they talked about it this morning on their call, as well as the activity that we're seeing from the work that we're doing with them, currently. The second part of your question, in terms of accelerating a dividend ahead of the REIT conversion, I think, we've been really clear over a long period of time that there's a certain level of CapEx that we would expect to spend in the business around the core activities of adding additional tenants to the tower, as well as things like distributed antenna systems that we've done and the land purchase program. And beyond that, that excess cash flow, to the extent that they are not acquisitions for us to purchase, we would expect to return that capital to shareholders. And we've been committed to returning that capital to shareholders over a very long period of time. That's why we can think about it as investing or having returned to shareholders $2.6 billion since 2003. So I think that's an activity that we're committed to. We do look carefully and have looked carefully over a long period of time at the trade-offs between paying a dividend and buying back shares. And I would imagine on an ongoing basis, we'll continue to look at that and study that, and make the decision at future dates as to what the appropriate thing to do was. At this point though, we've decided that as for the last quarter that share purchases were the appropriate way to returning capital to shareholders.
Jay Brown: Dave, on your first question, there's a litany of things that are running through the revenue line there that helped us increase our outlook. I would mention all of them, because, I think they're relevant, if you're looking at site rental revenue. And the 3 components would be the benefit that we've seen in FX. Secondly, where we saw run rate revenues. I mentioned the FX adjustment in the second quarter to bring you down to where revenues would have been on a like-for-like basis relative to the outlook, and we came in even above, slightly above our outlook for the second quarter, even adjusting for FX. So that run rate, obviously, flows through the balance of the year, which helped us increase revenues. And then, the leasing activity of the increase of 15% to 20%. As Ben mentioned, specific to Sprint, the arrangement that we have with them gives certainties to both parties around the price and process at which they deploy their new Network Vision equipment. But it doesn't give us certainty of activity in terms of what we will actually see related to that. So I think you will see the revenues follow as the activity follows. And that's embedded in that 15% to 20% increase that we're expecting in actual leasing activity. And therein lies the increase for the outlook for the balance of the year.
Jay Brown: Yes, the guidance increase that we talked about would be related to our activity base, the work that we're doing for all of the carriers. And we're culling out Sprint. There's actually increases from more than just Sprint, but in trying to answer your question, that's embedded in that 15% to 20%.
Jay Brown: Yes, Brett, I think, that naturally happens as we approach that 5 turns of leverage level to the extent that we maintain that level of leverage, then $750 million roughly of recurring cash flow, and then you subtract out the amount of CapEx that we're spending on an annualized basis, somewhere in the neighborhood of about $300 million to $350 million of CapEx, leaving you $400 million of excess cash flow. At that point, if we are borrowing to maintain 5x and growth in EBITDA is around $100 million, then you're more than doubling the amount of excess cash flow available for investments, be that share purchases or tower acquisitions or other investments around the core business. So you're right. There is the opportunity for that number to increase in terms of capacity.
Jay Brown: Okay, on the first question, Jason, I don't think currently anything has changed from what we talked about last time in the domestic market. Obviously, that could change tomorrow. So I don’t know that that's a forward-looking statement but commenting on relative to what we saw during the quarter it looks like domestically, nothing has changed in that environment and that's why we spent the money we did on buyback of shares.
Jay Brown: On your first question around G&A, the sequential growth, a portion of that is the continued Verizon FX down in Australia. So that's a big portion of that. And I think, as you're modeling the business, Jon, for periods beyond 2011, I would expect that we'll continue to manage that G&A somewhere in the neighborhood of 3% or less as a growing number subject to any acquisition that we would do of any size would obviously drive that number up a little bit. But we're not seeing anything in the business that would suggest our long-stated approach of maintaining that number in and around 3% growth to change from that.
Jay Brown: Sure. On the first question around capacity, we continue to find capacity on the sites, and don't believe that we're nearing a point where the assets are full. We've learned to be pretty creative around how to create space and adjust, amend and extend these sites in order to hold additional equipment. And so, we're not really running into a capacity issue on the sites. On the second part of your question, around construction, we have seen that start to pick up a little bit. We've built a few more sites, and we're mostly focused on the Metro areas as we have done, historically. The biggest portion of the increase though if you look at the spend on new sites, would be related to the distributed antenna systems that we continue to invest in. And my guess is that for full year 2011, or certainly by the end of this year and going into 2012, we'll be at a run rate of spending in the neighborhood of about $50 million a year of CapEx specifically on the distributed antenna systems deployment.
Jay Brown: I think in regards to your second question, it has to do with the percentage of changes versus nominal changes. If you look at the nominal change in dollars, we continue to perform very well on that basis sequentially, quarter-to-quarter. As you remember, last year in the third quarter, we announced the amendment with the customer that significantly increased the amount of rents that we were receiving, and the results of that, basically, makes a base that's lower in the first 2 quarters of last year that we're comparing against for the first 2 quarters of this year. By the time you get to the third quarter, you're comparing off of that then higher run rate. So we're getting larger, and that bigger base means, by definition, the percentages are going to come down. To the extent in the fourth quarter, I think obviously, we have some visibility in terms of what we see for the third quarter, and we'll have to see and play out how the fourth quarter develops.
Jay Brown: Sure. I think with regard to 2011 full year versus 2010, the change in our outlook for the balance of the year basically brings the full year 2011 back up to a level similar to what we did in 2010. And you're correct, leaving the first quarter, as I think I mentioned earlier, we thought that the majority of the activity that we would see in the full year was just going to come from the 2 largest carriers in the U.S. And so the change here is a little bit change in activity broadly across all carriers, but specifically, the timing and amount of the activity that we would expect from Sprint for the balance of the year as they get to work on Network Vision. And so I think that's really the -- that's the increase, and almost all of that would be third and fourth quarter related in 2011, not as much in the second quarter. But for the full year, I think, by the time we get -- we close 2011, we would expect, at least, today, that on a leasing basis, we'll be pretty similar to what we did in 2010.
Jay Brown: Mike, thanks for the question. We have given some thought to that and we've noticed with interest that as you look at some of the fact sheets that the REITs produced, they'll put out sometimes 40, 50 pages worth of detail, where they show revenues by market, tenants by market and assets by market, in addition to the metrics that you’ve talked about. And I think we'll study that over time. And I think to the extent that the industry attracts a different type of an investor and we start to attract those REIT investors, I would believe that those will become increasingly important. And so moving from our recurring cash flow metric at some point in time, towards more of an FFO metric, probably makes sense in order to help us be comparable with other REITs that they would be used to looking at. So I think you'll see us watch that, look at it and then try to determine when is the appropriate time to do that. But longer-term, I think, certainly, that will be the case.
W. Moreland: Yes, Phil, I appreciate the question and know full well why you would want to understand that. But here's the situation. We are very comfortable with the transaction that we've struck. As Sprint alluded to, we think, it's fair for both sides. It provides a very efficient way for, in this example, LightSquared to be deployed across the Network Vision equipment, at the same time, compensating us appropriately for the rights that they're going to gain by doing that. I'm not going to go into really any of the economics, and if for no other reason, let me impress upon you one particular reason. I don't necessarily believe this is the last of these we'll see. We may see more opportunity with Sprint or we may see other opportunities to host other parties’ spectrum across existing networks from others of our customers. And I just don't think it's in our interests or frankly, in our customers’ interest for us to be talking about the economics. We're very pleased with the transaction. It's implied in our guidance both for the rest of this year. And then obviously as we look forward to next year, we'll roll it in as we see activity and then make our judgment for next year and the years to come. But that's really where we're going to come out on that.
W. Moreland: Dave, I guess, what -- the second part of your question around basically spectrum, that's been aggregated and is idle, I'll park that for just a moment, because I want to make sure we hit a theme of this call that I wan to impress upon everyone, and that it is our pleasure, frankly, that we're seeing in 3 national carriers being very active in upgrading their networks. With Sprint's announcements and their commitment to this Network Vision plan, and what that suggests in terms of upgrades and activity, improving their network, providing additional capacity to their customers, and now, facilitating a very efficient way to launch LightSquared, should they choose to proceed on that basis. We are extremely excited that you're going to see all 3 national carriers be very aggressive in upgrading capacity, and that is a marked change for our business, at least, from my chair. So I just want to make sure we've got that point across this morning. Now going forward, I think, we've all witnessed a lot of spectrum being aggregated and accumulated, and some of it deployed and some of it not, over time. I think, we, along with most on this call, sort of wait with baited breath to see how some of that spectrum attempts to come to the market. I think, in the example this morning, with Sprint and the hosting arrangement, it provides a very interesting roadmap for an efficient way to launch spectrum without a completely new greenfield build. And as I've suggested, we'll be very supportive of that and facilitate that in a way that we think benefits both parties. But beyond that, I can't identify for you a specific additional spectrum build that's coming to the market in any particular timeline. But I remain very optimistic that given the consumer demand that we've seen and the capacity requirements, and as that continues to grow, that this spectrum will get put to use in some form or fashion, in some business plan, that maybe we haven't contemplated yet. And certainly, our assets would play a material role in facilitating that coming to the market.
W. Moreland: Yes, Rick, let me help you with that. That's pretty straightforward. There is a price certainty, which they were alluding to on the Network Vision equipment installation, which we granted them, price and process. There's also price certainty, should they elect to host LightSquared, and then there'll be yet to be determined, but it is specific to LightSquared, but to the extent they wanted to bring others to host, we could certainly have a conversation about that. But it's, at the moment, LightSquared-specific as to price.
W. Moreland: I mean, we would entertain a conversation at that point if there were more. But it's not contemplated today.
W. Moreland: Yes, I think, we've probably commented as far as we're going to go on the pricing. Again, it's one level for the network upgrade; it's another for sharing, specifically, to LightSquared. And then anything beyond that would be open for discussion.
W. Moreland: Rick, I appreciate the question, and I think I'm about to step in something I don't want to. We would expect to give guidance in the third quarter and the great benefit of giving guidance in the third quarter for next year is we can wait until October to determine what we think about 2012 leasing. So I’ll leave it at that.
W. Moreland: I mean, it's no secret. We’ve, for the past years, earned the multiple down 30% in this business. And that continues to be sort of less than we're seeing in the private market. And given our position and ability to execute around our sites, we're quite happy to acquire more of our site. It's been our practice for some time. But against that, we always look at other alternatives and your question about international is, 1, we continue to spend time on and look at, but we see international transactions trading, frankly, within reasonable shouting distance of our current multiple, which we just can't quite get there on. The second thing I'd say about international is our international business in Australia, we haven't commented on this call, but we do have high expectations next year around growth. And that market is looking increasingly like it's going to hit another inflection point that has been somewhat slow for the last 2 or 3 years. And so we are excited about what we see down there. And again, not a huge component of our business, but could be a larger component of our growth going forward. So we are anxious and working now already on executing and preparing for next year. So Jason, it's really, business as usual. We're going to continue to look international opportunities. If you see us do something, you can assume that it's because we believe that presents a longer-term greater value creation on a risk-adjusted basis than acting on something here in the U.S. But as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are extremely excited about what we see in the U.S. market right now, and we're going to continue to execute like we are.
W. Moreland: Well, we would certainly look at additional assets to the extent they were available. I'll just leave it at that. But certainly, we've got a long way to go to optimize and exploit our existing assets so there's opportunity on both sides there.
W. Moreland: On your iDEN question with Sprint, Jon, I would, really ask you to probably address that question to Sprint in terms of their decommissioning plans around iDEN. With respect to our company, we still maintain our Nextel leases have, I think, on average, about 3.5 half years of average life left in the book on that, and I think we can all reasonably assume as they've said, it's their objective to migrate that to their Network Vision equipment. But that's really for them to determine, and frankly, I think, that's still a couple years out as they see the progress on their CDMA side. And right now, our Nextel exposure is about 2% of revenues, if you will.
W. Moreland: Yes, pardon me for not mentioning it on this call, only because it's still not a material, significantly material part of our financial results, but we are very excited about what we see around DAS, continue to see it growing rapidly. We're very pleased with our acquisition of NewPath, NewPath Networks Company last September. We've got a team now of about 45 individuals dedicated solely to DAS, as well as the shared resource in our sales organization. And so we are seeing significant amounts of activity on the DAS front, both outdoor and indoor, and we've got our plate full there, still maintain high expectations for growth there.
W. Moreland: Yes, Jonathan. Thanks for the question. We continue to look at the assets, and when we look at them, we're really looking at 2 areas. One is what's the current run rate of cash flows on the assets. And then secondly, we're looking at what's the prospect of additional growth. And as we work through the portfolio and there are changes, particularly with regards to some of the towers that we acquired back when we did the GSL acquisition. There was a portfolio that they had purchased that had some paging exposure to it, and some of those towers that would have had paging on them, where the paging has churned and maybe the tower is vacant, and today, we look at it and assess what we believe the future growth of the asset could be, to the extent that we don't see a lot of opportunities for it, then we'll go out and take the sites down. I think we're through most of that. I mean, there will forever be times when we're taking down towers. I would expect we'll have some of that every quarter. But I think the bulk of that analysis and work has really been done following our acquisition of Global Signal. So I think it will taper off over time. If you're trying to figure out what the impact of the results is, frankly most of the time that culling is the slight increase to adjusted EBITDA, and probably no impact to site rental revenue, if there are tenants on towers we're not going through and disposing of those towers. So I think on a net basis, it would be slightly positive to adjusted EBITDA and cash flows, but if the numbers is so small, you couldn't find it in the financials.
W. Moreland: First on the spectrum question, Batya, it's specific to the LightSquared spectrum, again. So to the extent they choose to avail themselves of that option, it's called out specifically. And to the extent they wanted to do something else, then we're certainly pleased to engage in a conversation around that.
W. Moreland: Gray, we -- I don't want to comment necessarily specifically on the amount of activity by carrier. But they're obviously continuing to be meaningful, and so I'll leave it at that.
W. Moreland: We can only hope. Obviously, we stand ready to facilitate it. We'll have to see. It looks like Congress is a little distracted here at the moment.
W. Moreland: All right. I think I'll just wrap up real quickly. I appreciate everybody joining us today. We are feeling great about the business obviously, with 3 active carriers in the market building significant upgrades to their networks as we've talked about. And then, we're executing a very high level on the opportunities before us as evidenced by our results. And for that, I certainly, credit our team, everybody involved. And we look forward to the rest of the year, and we'll talk to you in the next quarter's call. Thank you.
