Benjamin Moreland: Sure, Jon. As you've seen before, the bright line demarcation between anchor builds and co-location is a little fuzzy in this business because it's typical that you'll have pure co-location with additional laterals built on an existing system. But as a general matter today, I think the best number I can give you is probably about 80% in anchor builds today and about 20% co-location. That's about as close as I can cut it. And we're going to work on obviously getting that more refine for you over time, but we're very, very pleased with what we see. We've seen that significant amount of co-location on the original NextG systems that we acquired three years ago and more to come. And speaking of that, you asked about what are we seeing from other carriers? Well, the most active this year has been Verizon as we talked about it. I think they've confirmed on their own call. But we are seeing activity from all four carriers today. And so - and I would say that's up markedly from a year ago in terms of activity and bookings sort of where we are through the midpoint of the year. We're very excited with what we see right now in terms of the prospects for the future business.
Benjamin Moreland: We have been building up a team. The vast majority of their revenue will actually be in our site rental revenues line item. The average term remaining on those contracts is just over five years. So, the terms of the contracts have escalators in them, look similar to what we see on the tower side, the main focus for the acquisition of Sunesys though wasn't necessarily how they utilize the fiber, but our view over the long-term that given the location of this fiber [audio gap] (31:39-31:40) activity, we've seen and opportunities we have in front of us. Currently, there's a lot of opportunity to add small cells across that fiber and increase the yield on that asset. So, most of our focus is really on adding additional small cells to the base of the revenue that's already there.
Benjamin Moreland: Yeah, Ric, we're certainly aware of other what would be called small cell architectures, and certainly, they have different applications and different power or different coverage and capacity opportunities at a particular node. I think we're going to see a variety of those be deployed over time. I think you're going to see dark service, lit service, some of it with wireless backhaul, some of it with connectivity directly. And I think you're going to see a lot of that over time for a variety of applications. I can't really get into anything specifically. I realized there are some conversations out there about one carrier and potentially what may be going on. Really can't comment on any of that specifically. But from how we are looking at the business, fiber connectivity will be very important for the vast majority of these connections over time. And even to the extent, you've got microwave backhaul occurring from some small cells, ultimately gets backhauled into a node that's connected to fiber. So, I think the opportunity for us and to provide meaningful capacity enhancements for these networks is ultimately going to continue to reside on fiber-fed systems.
Benjamin Moreland: Well, Brett, as you know, it's sort of one of my pet projects I shared with my management team. That will spend a lot of time on this that we have, and I appreciate you acknowledging it, when you're growing a business with the opportunity as large as we see, we're not only investing capital but we're investing in run rate overheard G&A. We're investing in people, facilities, everything you've seen. And that's been the case over the last couple of years. I would expect - and we're obviously working on giving you some clarity around that for 2016 outlook. I would expect you're going to start to see more operating leverage in that business as we move into 2016. That's just the nature of we're sort of getting close to being sort of that scale. We are seeing, as we mentioned, significant increase in bookings that it will turn into revenue in 2016 and 2017 and more of that will start to scale. I can't put numbers on it for you today, but that is - trust me, it's sort of our first, second, third priority around here right now.
Benjamin Moreland: Yeah. Kevin, as you know we're not segment disclosing yet on that, to the extent we ever do. But I'll give you some color. Our bookings, thus far, through midyear are up significantly compared to last year. So, that again, will turn in the revenue in 2016 and 2017. I'm not prepared to quantify that directly for you, but it's up materially from what we saw last year. And against our plan for the year, we're running ahead of where you expect us to be midyear. So, we're very enthusiastic about that. As I mentioned earlier though, a lot of that work is anchor builds. And so, that will come on with a lower margin than you would expect it to be when you lease up to second tenants over time to co-location. So, while it's a material amount of incremental revenue, it gets muted because it's an anchor build on that, and so you're bringing on new operating expenses on this systems as well. So, look, we'll get you more color I think as we look out - as we think about our 6% to 7% target over the longer term which we originally gave you in 2014. As Jay just walked you through, we picked up about a point next year on reduction in churn. If that continues to normalize, we would expect that happen over subsequent years as well. And so, we're going to continue work towards getting that total return out there that's very attractive between the current yield and growth.
Benjamin Moreland: Well, look, as you can tell, we're very pleased with the business. And I think that the ExteNet transaction is - obviously, it's tremendous for the shareholders that are exiting. And I think it's a validation of the opportunity that we see in the marketplace with Digital Bridge coming in. As I mentioned earlier, it's a big world out there, and there's going to be a number of competitors. But the geography, the opportunities continue to, frankly, amaze us, and we're going about as hard as we can. We've told you that before on the other calls and that remains true today.
Benjamin Moreland: And I would just add to that, the 10% gross growth we're quite proud of, obviously, that includes the organic growth of leasing and then the escalators on top of that. So, that 10% number, which is consistent for the balance of the year, is something that we think is highly indicative of a pretty robust market. Dave, to your question about C-RAN, it's very early as we're being told by our customers as we've talked to them about some of these opportunities. But over time, I think the net impact to us as tower owners is that it probably brings some of the smaller sites that have more smaller ground footprint more into play for co-location to the extent they were challenging on a ground footprint, you couldn't add to it because the C-RAN architecture typically locates what we think of as base stations offsite, more like - it frankly looks more like the architecture on a small cell network. It just happens to terminate on a tower. It looks to us like over time we could see less equipment on the ground potentially but not less in the air. I think you're still going to have active remote radio heads and, potentially, more antennas up the tower as more spectrum is utilized in trying to get maximum spectral efficiency out of their installations. So, I think it's a material architectural evolution that will probably happen over the next decade. But from our take today, it looks like it probably has positive effects on ground space and really doesn't affect what's up the tower. And that's my best view as we sit here today.
Benjamin Moreland: Yeah. I think over time, the pricing in our industry has continued to evolve a little bit. But ultimately, it relates to what's the load on the tower, and potentially the shareable economics of the tower are always in play to the benefit of the carriers. Meaning, we as a company take that lease-up risk as you're certainly aware, and we'll make the tower available to them on a very attractive single-digit yield. That's what happened in all of the large sale leasebacks whether the initial yield was sort of in the 4% to 5% range for most of these transactions, and then we lease it up from there. So my view on that long-term pricing scheme is that no matter how you - what the nomenclature is or how you denominate the pricing, it ultimately is going to go to yield on the asset. And I think we as a company - and I certainly won't speak for my competitors, but we as a company ultimately think about this as a shared model and providing that shareable economic to the carrier customer such that with multiple tenants on a tower, we're going to yield above our cost of capital, above the cost to own and operate that site. And that's going to be the case, no matter how you denominate how we charge for rent. And so, it's not getting any easier to locate towers that is for certain. And so these assets have a very significant franchise value, and I'm very confident that we'll be able to attract the yield that's above our cost of capital for the foreseeable future just as we've done on the legacy Crown sites that are over 15% per tower on a yield basis with three tenants per tower.
Benjamin Moreland: On the 2016 outlook, Colby, I'd sort of reiterate something Jay said earlier but I think it's good for all of us on this call to be reminded. You know, if we saw a 20% or 25% step in the market next year, and that's a big if, not suggesting that's there, but I think that directionally a question, that's $25 million of run rate exit the year or $12.5 million with the midyear convention that go into the numbers. So, that's something just under 1% change in AFFO per share growth rate. So, I think it's important that we work hard for every percent around here. And so, if it's 6% to 7%, that's been off our long-term forecast for you. If the market were up 20% to 25% in a year, into the second year, you'd see something just over a 1% increase above plan in AFFO. At the same time, that really demonstrates the resiliency of the model, which is kind of the comments we're making about the dividend yield as we sort of concluded my remarks. I mean, you'd be hard-pressed to find a business that frankly has less volatility with more utility for these assets, your need for these assets over time, and you've got the dividend yield which is obviously made up of contracted revenue. You've got escalators that result in about half of the growth that we're forecasting. And then we work hard every day on that additional 200, 300, 400 basis points of growth above that escalator. And it's frankly one of the great attributes about this business model, is how insensitive it is to changes in this market.
Benjamin Moreland: Absolutely. You know, it's just like with the tower side. It was only this year that Verizon decided to sell their towers the second time. So, I think it's because of the need for capacity in these markets you're going to see carriers work on self-performing to a degree just like they've done on the tower side where, in various markets, they may be able to access vendor relationships or their own capability to supplement what we as an industry will bring to them. So, I think it's both, Amir. I don't think it's going to be wholly third-party infrastructure-led. And I think that's fine. I mean, again, it's a big world out there. And it makes sense in terms of speed to market where you've already got fiber to work on that. And that was sort of the nature of our Sunesys interest and NextG three years ago, was when you have fiber in a market that's been purpose-built for small cell deployments, you can get on the air quicker. And that's a key determinant on whether you get the business or not. And somebody that has to start from scratch doesn't really have a competitive advantage. And that brings in the potential for the carrier to work on it themselves. So, I think it's going to be both.
Benjamin Moreland: We have a very strong view that we're going to continue to see a healthy demand of that environment based upon the different products and services that we, as consumers, are going to be utilizing going forward. And I think the biggest driver of that, as I mentioned in my remarks, is around video and ultimately, live television content. I think that's a huge driver for our business going forward that we just, frankly today, can't really begin to quantify for you. Just sitting here 10 years ago, we wouldn't have been able to quantify sort of the broadband Internet adoption that we're now seeing. So, I think it's a long runway of growth. Again, in our business, we don't so much look for inflection points as we look for extended runways. And I have a very strong view about an extended runway which is how we got comfortable with sort of giving you a five-year outlook at 6% to 7%, which I would mention, remember 2015, with the headwind of churn being the highest of all the years, is going to be a lot more like 5%. So, in order to say 6% to 7% over five years, obviously, it has to step at some point. And we've given you a little bit of that view towards 2016, and we'll probably leave it at that.
Benjamin Moreland: I think on your first question, the vast majority of the revenue growth that we're seeing in the business is being driven by brand-new leases on existing towers, as well as the small cell revenue. We're seeing a minimal benefit from amendment to existing site. So, currently, most of it is being driven by new leases, and that's driving the organic growth that the revenue line and then obviously flowing down to the AFFO line. In the second part of the question, I think the way I broadly answer the question is as we make investments in the case of the Sunesys acquisition of about $1 billion, that acquisition, we think, has lots of opportunities for growth to the long-term which we've articulated on this call. When you get down to that as the contribution to the growth on that 6% to 7%, it represents a relatively small percentage of the overall enterprise value. So, we think it's additive. But it's additive in terms of basis points and not multi-percentage points to that 6% to 7%. So, one of the ways that we've thought about is it probably gives us a greater confidence that we have the opportunities to achieve the higher end of our target of 6% to 7%, but didn't necessarily cause us to reevaluate our 6% to 7% target. And, frankly, as we look at the opportunities that we have in front of us, I'm not sure that there are lot of things that we would say from an investment standpoint would be of a size that would cause us to reconsider that overall target. Most of what we're working on is investing the excess cash flow that we have and opportunities that we see in front of us that makes sense. And we think continue to increase dividends over time. And then lease up the assets that we already own whether that's towers or small cells
Benjamin Moreland: Now I would just point out that as you get to that 5 times target and if we're successful in attracting the rating that we hope on the investment grade side, just to add to the Fitch Rating this quarter, at that point, then your ability to then re-lever EBITDA resumes like we've had for years, that happens to be a 5 multiple, as Jay outlined in his remarks, well, then you're able to reliever EBITDA at 5 times every year, which adds significant capacity once you achieve that level.
Benjamin Moreland: Yeah. Sure. The AT&T - I mean, sorry, the Verizon amendment activity, as you suggested, I would say that's broadly sort of baked in our view. They're a very, very steady and consistent disciplined investor in their network. And as they've talked about on their call, the reforming of the spectrum is sort of an ongoing way to maximize the efficiency of their investment in spectrum, and that's sort of implicit in our views without being - I'm not sure we're ever 100% accurate - I'm certain we're not - on exactly, by carrier, the nature of the revenue growth we get every year. We do our best to target it in the fall of the prior year. And then we do our best to see how well we predict that outcome. But it's implicit. I wouldn't say that it's additive.
Benjamin Moreland: Jon, my sense is you're going to start seeing it second half of next broadly, and it will depend on the portfolio and the configuration whether it was a legacy Crown Tower or whether it was newly acquired. And then at the individual site level, what the capacity - what's currently on the side against the reserve capacity. So, it's very hard to give you an exact number, but I would tell you that across even the AT&T portfolio, we're already seeing additional revenue as we highlighted on this call before. We're already seeing additional revenue on many of those installations as they upgrade through the reserve capacity. So, again, long-term implicit in our view on growth over time, but I can't really be a lot more specific than that.
Jay Brown: Sure, Mike. Broadly, we are very pleased with the most recent acquisitions of the T-Mobile and the AT&T towers that we've seen. In any given year, as you know, we've got - both been assets a long time. We know that the various carriers do various things across the course of the year. And the most active carriers this year - no surprise I think to anyone on this call - are Verizon and T-Mobile. So, AT&T and Sprint less active thus far, but that gives us no less enthusiasm for what the future holds for all four carriers in terms of making investments to improve their network over time. And that ebbs and flows, and that's what's happening today. But we are seeing activity on both of those portfolios and very pleased with the outcome thus far. Again, it's I guess two and three years in on those, so it's still early days. On the small cell side, I think what we're going to see develop there, and it's already happening, is it's a big world out there. There's going to be a number of competitors; there already are. I think ExteNet, one of our large competitors, announced a transaction this morning in a recapitalization with Digital Bridge. So, I think you're going to - I think it's unlikely any one company frankly has that capability to handle a full-scale deployment for a carrier. I think you could see potentially that on the equipment side, more concentration on the equipment side. But in terms of the infrastructure, it takes - it will take a number of firms and obviously geography matters. And so, if you've got infrastructure in the critical areas where the carriers need it, well, that's going to be more efficient to go on that existing infrastructure just like the tower model. So, it's a big world out there. It's getting larger frankly by the week as we look at additional bookings that we're getting. And I think it's going to be a very healthy and robust market for many years.
Jay Brown: Sure, Phil. The biggest drivers, as Ben just mentioned this year of leasing activity would be Verizon and T-Mobile, and to a lesser extent, AT&T and Sprint. And we've seen pickup kind of across the board as we've gone through the year, but the weighting has stayed relatively similar among those carriers. Most of the activity that we're seeing in terms of pickup relates to brand new full installations on towers. And the pickup there does have some revenue impact in our second quarter results as we were able to beat sire rental revenue, our expectation for site rental revenue in the second quarter. There weren't any one-time items that really helped us there. We expect that to flow through for the balance of the year, and we slightly raised our expectation for how leasing is going to develop over the balance of the year. That benefits us as we go into, obviously, 2016. The only caution I would have there for you, as we've talked about in previous calls, from a sensitivity standpoint, we're obviously trying to find every lease that we can possibly find and put as many tenants on the towers as we can possibly find, but a meaningful increase in leasing is not that impactful to our overall results. So, this year, 2015, we assume that we're going to see about $90 million to $100 million of revenue growth on towers. If leasing activity were going to pick up by 20%, love to have it and we'll do everything we can to get it, that's about $20 million which would represent about 1% impact to AFFO. So, as we've talked about and set our long-term targets of trying to organically grow AFFO per share in the neighborhood of 6% to 7%, inside of that range, we allow for some movement up or down from the current levels of activity. And we think that's a pretty good band of activity. So, we're seeing a little bit of pickup, had a little bit benefit to it this year at the margin.
Jay Brown: Yeah. Simon, I hate to put a date on it. We're obviously been working hard with them, have had numerous conversations with them. I think from a financial policy standpoint, we've been really disciplined as we've accomplished acquisitions over the last several years of maintaining our leverage target and operating within them. Our goal, as I stated during the conversation, is to get the five turns of leverage. We see a path towards that in a relatively near-term as we operate the business and see growth in adjusted EBITDA. As we look at the targets that the other two agencies have published, they would suggest as we get in that neighborhood of that leverage target, then we should see an upgrade towards investment grade. So, we're continuing to have conversations and tell the Crown Castle story and make sure they understand where we're headed and how we're thinking about being disciplined around financial policy. I think you'd have to ask them in terms of exact timing on when it occurs.
Jay Brown: The cost opportunity is probably about 100 basis points in terms of spread. So, underlying interest rates, obviously, don't have an impact to that. But the spread we think is 100 basis points and on a good day maybe as much as a 152-basis-point reduction in the overall cost to capital. One of the things that you've heard us talk about in the past is we think it's likely, while we're not going to predict exactly when rates are going to rise, the possibility here over time given the broader environment that we enter into are rising rate environment over the next several years. And one of the reasons why we're focused on getting to the investment-grade target is to mitigate that rise in rates by reducing the overall credit spreads in the business. And so, we think we will be able to mitigate some of that and hope to achieve that rating in the near term.
Jay Brown: Ric, almost all of that would be the margin that comes with the business. And our working assumption is that after we close, as is typically the case, it will take us 6 to 12 months to sort of get our feet on the ground and start to produce additional yield on the assets. So, virtually all of that is in the books today and then we'll look to add it once we get it integrated.
Jay Brown: Yeah. I think - as we think about the business and the way we're going to operate it, we'll focus on the Sunesys business as being a small cell business and a part of overall small cell. So, that's how we're thinking about how we plan to operate the business. I think we're always looking in evaluating whether or not something warrants being a separate segment in the business. Obviously, over time, small cells have grown. We see more opportunity for growth there. So, as we integrate Sunesys and grow the small cell business, we'll look at whether or not it warrants being a separate segment in the overall financial statement. I know you've seen this, Ric, but just for the benefit of others. We are providing a significant amount of detail around small cells in the supplement and trying to show both revenue growth on a separate basis there and what we're seeing in small cells. And I think over time, as the business grows, you'll see us continue to expand the amount of detail that we're providing on that business. It's going phenomenally well and we love to telling a good story.
Jay Brown: iDEN is coming in as we expected. And as we completed the second quarter, we believe we basically have the vast majority of iDEN churn now behind us. It's going to start - continue to obviously roll through the financial statements for the balance of the year as the current run rate has stepped down there. But our expectation there has not changed. The three acquired networks that we - we refer to them as acquired networks which would be the lead to Metro and the Clearwire network. We did take down our expectation for the contribution or amount of run rate revenues that impact us during calendar year 2015. But the absolute number of leases that we see churn there, we think holds from our previous expectations. They're just going to happen later in the year. So, obviously, the impact of that is it will have a little more impact when considering the step between 2015 to 2016. And our best expectation, as we sit here today, we'll give you more full detail on what we think our outlook for 2016 is when we do our third quarter call. Our expectation at this point is we see a step down in the impact from churn next year somewhere in the neighborhood of about $15 million as we look at our outlook for 2016 and the effect of that is basically the runoff of the iDEN churn, as well as little lower less impact from the acquired networks.
Jay Brown: Brett, one of the things that's unique about this business and just going back from a history standpoint, as we look back to the early days of the tower business, the vast majority of the assets that we owned in the early days of the tower business were towers that we acquired from the carriers. So, we did early transactions with Bell Atlantic and GTE and BellSouth. And those towers came with about a tenant and a half and you had scale. The hardest thing to do in the early days, when we were running the business, was building towers because we were out building 1,000 to 2,000 towers a year. And as you put those towers on line, it takes a meaningful amount of G&A to operate just purely the construction portion of the business. And so, when you look at the amount of yields on the assets, if you look out on these two separate activities, one activity is the assets you've already built and then the potential to add cash flows to those assets. As soon as the assets are on line, you start to see incremental returns on those assets. As we add additional capital, though, as we've been doing and build out additional sites, it ends up masking the underlying strength of the business and the expansion of the margins because we're incurring G&A, as well as additional operating expense to build out new systems. So, as we look at the business and think about how it's performing, we focused on both. We're focused on the investment of capital and evaluating each incremental activity or opportunity to invest capital and we're seeing the opportunity there, day one, of somewhere in the neighborhood of about 6% to 7% yield. And then as Ben mentioned in his comments, as we add a second tenant, we see those returns go into the mid-20s. And so, given what we're seeing on the investments we've made, so far, where we believe appropriately focused on looking to expand that, focused on the top markets in the U.S., and really utilizing our first-mover advantage to continue to expand the portfolio. And in our view, this is like the early days of towers for small cells, and we've seen the movie before. It's the margin expansion takes a little bit of time. But as we add assets - as we add tenants to great assets, over time we'd see a tremendous amount of expansion on the returns, and that's what we're focused on doing. We think it's beneficial over the long term to our growth rate. So, we're focused on making sure we build the right assets and then grow the cash flows from there.
Jay Brown: Yeah. I think there's a few things moving on in the numbers, moving around in the numbers. If we talk about services, we're getting some benefit this year from pay-and-walk fees of about $25 million to $30 million that we would not expect to occur again in 2016. So, that will be a little bit of a headwind to us. On the plus side, we've got sustaining capital expenditures coming down, about $20 million next year, from what we have this year. So, there's a bit of a wash there, maybe a little bit of a headwind, $10 million or so of a headwind. I think where I would go to, though, is focus on where we're focused, which is growth and AFFO per share. And our long-term target of 6% to 7% is where we're trying to operate the business to. Love it if it's more, but our view is that that's about where the business is going to perform given at the current level of leasing. In 2015 and 2016 that we've shown in the supplement, the headwinds from churn are more significant than what we would expect over the long-term in the business. So, 2015, if you're looking at that on an apples-to-apples basis, we think we're going to be below the target of 6% to 7% coming off of the base in 2014. Next year, I think we'll probably be inside of that range maybe towards the lower end of it. But inside of that 6% to 7% long-term target. And then we'll do the best we can to do better than that over the course of the year. But once we, at least based on our current view of where churn is and where the various items are moving around, Brett, I think that's the best I can give you until we get to the third quarter to focus on having the business to operate somewhere in the neighborhood of that 6% to 7%. And given the pluses and minuses, at this point, it's probably at the lower end of that 6% to 7%.
Jay Brown: Sure. Dave, on your first question, removing Australia does help the growth rate a little bit, but Australia only represented about 5% of our site rental revenue. So, it would get lost in the rounding trying to back that out and see the benefit of it. The real 40-basis-point move or the vast majority of it is a legitimate increase in the amount of activity that we expect in the calendar year. As I mentioned in my comments, some of that was achieved during the second quarter and flows through the balance of the year. And then some of it is an increased expectation in leasing. That increase in expectation is largely based on what we're seeing on towers. Where we are on small cells doesn't have that meaningful of an impact on that number. So, the vast majority of what you're seeing there in the uptick of 40 basis points on the growth rate is coming from towers.
Jay Brown: Sure. On the first question, Colby, originally, we had expected paying [indiscernible] fees to be about $20 million in the calendar year. So, we've increased the expectation by about $7.5 million. The vast majority of that we got in the second quarter. So, there's a little bit left in the balance of the year but I think we - most of it is - we booked at this point.
Jay Brown: Yeah. On the first question, Jonathan, I think it's just the - honestly, the timing and the discontinued ops treatment between the sale of Australia and the purchase of Sunesys. So, at this point, all of our historical results, we'd removed Australia from adjusted EBITDA and AFFO as you're pointing out the payout ratio. As we noted in our remark, Sunesys is the complete push to Australia on an AFFO per share contribution. So, if you were to just factor in Sunesys and the way you - I think you were articulating doing the math. I think if you pro forma Sunesys as though we owned it for all of 2015, then our payout ratio would look the same as it did previously. I think in and around that payout ratio, it's probably where we're going to manage the business. The way we've articulated that most often to people when asked about our dividend policy, it's to indicate that we would expect to match the growth in AFFO per share with growth in dividend per share. So, in our long-term target of trying to grow AFFO per share of 6% to 7% annually, we would target growing the dividend at 6% to 7% organically over the longer term. So, I think that's the short answer to it. You'll see that payout ratio would be back in line once we close Sunesys would be our expectation.
Jay Brown: Yeah. Jonathan, I appreciate the feedback. Obviously, it's a great story on small cells, and if we close that acquisition, we'll be able to help folks understand our numbers and our guidance for the full-year and what we expect the contribution is from the asset once we close and the impact to guidance and try to do it in a similar vein as we try to do our overall disclosure of helping folks understand the business. And one of the reasons why we talked about a longer-term target of AFFO per share growth rate is our aim is for those who are invested in our company to have the same view of growth and the future prospects of the business that we as a management team do. So, our aim in all those disclosure matters is to try to help make the business as clear as we possibly can. We're always open to feedback on that. So, we'll take that away. I appreciate the thoughts on it.
Jay Brown: Well, I think the way I would answer that question is, obviously, anytime we look at the opportunity to invest in something, it may require that we utilize some amount of equity in order to accomplish that. But to the extent that we were to utilize equity or even debt or cash flow it's only because we think the investment warrants it. It has to increase our overall growth rate and it has to be additive to our ability to pay dividends over the long term as measured by what's the growth in AFFO per share. So, I'm not going to presume today that we either need or don't need to utilize equity or debt to make growth opportunities. We'll have to look at them as they come and evaluate what we think the growth prospects of those individual transactions are against the cost of the capital. I would also point out over a long period of time, we've been very diligent about reducing share count. And so, I certainly would not presume today that the opportunity over the next decade may - would not be our opportunity to reduce shares, not just to issue shares. So, we may enter an environment where the best opportunity and the best investment of capital for us, both using cash flow and potentially debt might be reducing our share count. And I certainly wouldn't close off that opportunity. We're trying to focus on maximizing AFFO per share and maximizing dividends per share over the long term or whether that results in asset acquisitions or the reduction of shares to share purchases, I think we'll try to be smart about what that is and maximize the long-term returns for shareholders.
Jay Brown: On your second question, typically, small cell deployments are taking us about 18 months roughly from the time we're awarded to building them, 18 to 24 months. Some portion of that pipeline would represent co-locations on existing systems, and that timeline would be much lower than the 18 to 24 months to build it out. And then the other thing I would point out to you, as we've mentioned in prior quarters, that pipeline is not a static number. So, we're constantly pursuing other opportunities given the returns that we're seeing in that business. And so, as much as we're completing projects that have been in the pipeline for 18 to 24 months, we're filling back up the pipeline with new opportunities that will be building over the next couple of years.
Jay Brown: Yeah. Those are opportunities that we've identified in our pipeline as opportunities to add nodes to their existing network fiber. The timeline for that, again, I would go back to my prior comment around 18 to 24 months to bring those online once we start working on them. The revenue contribution that we see from nodes is about a third of what we would typically see from a tower tenant. So, if you thought about the 3,300 nodes, those would look like in the neighborhood of about 1,000 new tenants on towers. And each tenant on a tower is in the neighborhood of about $24,000 to $30,000 on an annual basis in terms of rent. So, the contribution there, probably in the neighborhood - somewhere in the neighborhood of $24 million to $30 million on the revenue line as we build up those nodes. We obviously expect that pipeline to build as we integrate the asset and create more opportunity, but it was obviously helpful as we thought about going into the acquisition on a yield of about 6% roughly day one and then having visibility to what equates to another couple 100 percentage points of yield - basis points of yield as we thought about the asset being able to specifically identify nodes that we thought we're going to end up on that fiber.
