Jay Brown: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Simon. We have not embedded any of that in our forward guidance for ’17. As we talked about things like FirstNet and the spectrum auction, those would effect and help our long-term forecast. And one other things that has been true about our business for a long period of time is, anytime there is new spectrum that’s deployed across the network, it results an additional leasing for us. And so we look at it and believe that’s -- that give credence to our view if there is a long runway of growth in the business as that additional spectrum begins to be deploy.
Jay Brown: Yeah. The year is backend loaded as a typically year is in the tower business. Typically in most years it’s about 40% in the first half, 60% in the second half and this year looks very similar to a typical year.
Jay Brown: We are seeing activity across all of the carriers and it’s levels that are very similar to what we saw during 2016 is our estimation, so in total as we talk about we think our revenue growth will be in the neighborhood of about $90 million on the tower side and about $70 million from small cells and we think the year is going to stack up in terms of revenue growth very similar to what we saw in 2016.
Jay Brown: Okay. Dave, I will take the first one on churn, basically what we did is pulled up a bottom in the range. There is no real difference in what we see going forward from what we had seen before, there is a tightening up a range a bit from what we've seen. And I don't think there's anything you can read through to what the carrier activity is, specifically just more understanding of what’s going on and more conversations and thoughts around tightening the range a bit.
Jay Brown: Yeah. Brett, that’s a great -- that’s a good question. I appreciate you are asking it. From a broad perspective, our business is a shared infrastructure model and that shared model has been through a number of economic downturn, consolidation, technology shift and it has through all of those cycles and movements delivered really strong returns and growth, because it’s the most effective and cost efficient way to deploy wireless network. And as we consider sort of our strategic focus, we believe we are best aligned by continuing we may -- to keep that our core focus as a business. So as we watch the landscape and we do, we are trying to position ourselves as that shared infrastructure provider. And where we found the most benefit has been historically towers and we believe small cells are very similar to that. There may be opportunities for both us to use our towers and our real estate assets, as well as the fiber underlying small cells. We may find opportunities for additional revenue growth and we are happy to consider those and to the extent they can increase the return and the yield we will pursue them, but the primary focus is today around wireless for both towers and small cells. And all of the conversations that you reference are encouraging to us, because they indicate the comments that I was making around the expectation of continued growth and data -- wireless data and we think those trend lines are very supportive of our underlying focus on towers and small cells.
Jay Brown: Yeah. We have found as we have talked about before, we have found some opportunity to use the fiber that we have required for some enterprise services in places where we have a dense urban fiber footprint. Our focus and analysis around what fiber is interesting to us is driven by the opportunities that we see on the small cell side, but to the extent that we can use the pipe in a shared infrastructure model in a way that drive additional returns and yields from fiber services in certain cases, we think that make sense. Obviously, there is a tremendous amount of expertise that we received in the Sunesys acquisition up in the Northeast in several markets. The same thing is true, as I mentioned, from FiberNet in the South Florida market, as well as in Houston. And so we believe there will be opportunities there, but the main strategic focus is around small cells and around the edges that expertise enables us to increase the yield on the asset.
Jay Brown: It’s very limited capital investment on that front and the momentum I would describe as being pretty fairly consistent with what their historical practice has been around being able to use that fiber for those fiber services.
Jay Brown: Yeah. Nick thanks for the question. Typically, we are assuming on the small cell side about one tenant over a 10-year period of time is roughly our underwriting assumption in this acquisitions of fiber. We obviously believe there could be a lot greater upside than that to these fiber assets, but that’s what we are roughly underwriting in both the FiberNet acquisition, as well as the Sunesys acquisition.
Jay Brown: We basically assume that business is roughly flat. There are some growth assumptions in some cases depending on the location and the market, but the returns are being driven by small cell.
Jay Brown: It fall significantly, because the fiber is very similar to a tower, so the analogy when we look at small cell business, fibers is the tower and in the tower business we would typically describe a RAD center, that’s the level on the tower where the tenant would install their equipment. In the small cell, in small cell, an installation of a small cell node is like a RAD center on the tower. So we are leveraging the assets to fiber and then adding small cell nodes across that fiber to drive the return. And to the extent that the fiber is acquired through one of these acquisitions or previously built for another acquisition, we were adding additional tenant to that fiber. And I talked in my comments about the incremental return if we are building it from scratch, we are in the neighborhood of an initial investment of about 6% to 7%, which is about where we acquired Sunesys and FiberNet, and then we are adding to that additional tenants, which moves the returns with one tenant into the low double-digit on a yield basis and then the third and the fourth tenants take returns well beyond that.
Jay Brown: Nick, sometimes we also see as the carriers come back and optimize their networks, their existing small cell networks, they will pay us to perform a service where we analyze re-optimizing those network and ultimately that looks like to your question about co-location as they go through that optimization process, they end up coming back and adding additional nodes across the fiber or adjusting the networks like slightly which results in us getting some services fee from that.
Jay Brown: Yeah. Ric, I think, at this point, probably, too early to be able to answer that question. We really need to know ultimately who is going to be the provider and the distributor of the service and then we need to understand the network that they want to build. So it’s probably too early to really be able to comment on that. Both of them are good for us, obviously, there is a meaningful, if they are deploying brand new spectrum in that kind of scale nationwide and it’s an amendment that would be great for us, if it’s a new installation that would be well -- that would be good as well.
Jay Brown: No. We -- whenever there is a transaction like this or a new deployment, we will sit down with them and understand what their needs are and we will try to structure something that make the both -- the most interest for both parties. They have been times you brought up one with LightSquared years ago, whether it’s a co-planning arrangement, where they want to go on same level on the tower, there have been other occasions that I could point to where they want the separate installation and the separate RAD center on the tower. So we would have to just understand the lot more and then work with them and what make the most sense.
Jay Brown: Sure. On the first question I wouldn’t distinguish the revenue or cash flows on the businesses from our small cell business. Any of the revenue that’s you are referring to specifically to your question that is included in the small cell segment, so those revenues and cash flows fall through that. We are excited about that business. We believe it is a good business. We believe it’s recurring and do expect on some level we can grow it in some way as I spoke to in my earlier comments. On the MLA process and I am assuming that you're referring to what we have done in the past in some occasion where carriers have been willing to commit to certain level of activity and then effectively paying for that ahead of their anticipated work. Jonathan, those agreements worked out really well for us financially. We were pleased with the outcome. I believe our carrier customers were pleased with that, because it gave them greater certainty and expedited the process of getting on towers. So we would certainly entertain those agreements again and if we were to do them then they would have to make financial sense for us and accomplish the same goal for the carriers. So we would be open to them. I view those, frankly, in hindsight having done a couple of them over with multiple carriers over a lot of different years. At the end of the day, I think, financially they worked out well for us and they accomplished the perfect for carriers well looking for in terms of expediting activity. So those two things aligned again. They will probably make sense. But we may just do it as we do on a normal basis of just taking leases as they come and obviously that -- if that works well for both parties as well. So lot to see how it develops but we leave it open as an opportunity.
Jay Brown: Mathew on your first question, we are -- as we’ve talked about lots of times, when we look at investments and whether that's capital invest -- capital expenditures that we would do on a quarterly basis and report a larger acquisition, the filter through which we run those is whether or not they increased long-term dividends per share. And so if we have the opportunity to invest in additional fiber, which we’re certainly looking for and seeking out opportunities to do that, they're based on our views that there's going to be significant small cells in dense urban markets around the U.S. and that our investment in those needs to be aligned with our overall cost of capital. So you raised the point that in a rising rate environment as we underwrote the most recent asset we certainly didn't need current financing rates to look at what we thought the long-term returns were we used forward curve in terms of interest rates to account for that. And then we've got to get comfortable that over the long-term we can get it return for the weighted average cost of capital depending on the size that we may need to use equity at points which was done in the past. But we will consider that as a part of the overall return and make sure that it's compelling and ultimately the measure that is whether or not it increases dividends per share and that dividends per share obviously accounts for the effect of, however, we finance the asset we've got to drive incremental returns from what we would consider absent doing any of those actions.
Jay Brown: We are seeing it spread beyond the top 10 markets. There are a number of markets inside of the top 50. Well outside of the top 10 where we're seeing small cell activity. If you look at the majority of the activity, as well as the majority of the capital that we are spending, we're still on the top, probably 10 to 15 markets of the U.S. and -- but I -- we do expect that will continue to grow well beyond just the top 10 markets in United States.
Jay Brown: Yeah. It would be the letter and not the former. As we think about our business, we tend to look at our forecast and the activity, and we are really not assuming all of the potential upsides that could come, which has been the great thing about both the tower business and now we believe about the small cell business is, you really don't -- you don’t have to believe in upside usage case on mobile data in order to justify the investments that we are making or to deliver significant returns for the shareholder and that's a great place to be. We’ll let the upside to take care of itself. We obviously think the assets have a tremendous amount of growth and upside. It's interesting and the nature of the question really drives some of the point, if we were on a conference call 15 years ago talking about towers, the discussion was around the transition from 2G to 2.5G and the opportunity and the returns that would drive and now we are talking about the opportunity of 5G, and throughout those periods and all of the successful technology shift, we have seen additional revenues and additional tendency across the assets and we believe that's the beauty of the shared infrastructure model, both on towers that we will continue to see activity on that front and then densification occurs and data traffic increases we are going to see the benefit of that small cells as well.
Jay Brown: Yeah. Amir, we haven’t seen any change in the pricing environment. And as we talked about the model -- business model and propositions of the carriers is based on the value proposition. The underlying cost of the real estate has escalated far faster than the escalators under their lease agreement, and far faster than the pricing increases that have occurred on the asset. And we've been able to take upon ourselves that higher escalating costs and share that among multiple operators, which has limited the amount of growth in their costs that they would've otherwise occurred to them if there wasn't a shared infrastructure provider. So I don't see any change in the pricing environment, and frankly, the value proposition I think continues to hold as we’re able to sustain a higher level of costs and be able to share that across multiple operators in order to hold their costs down.
Jay Brown: Yeah. Our focus is in providing the infrastructure. As we look at the opportunity and I think you raised a good one around commercial Internet of Things. Those are likely to grow across wireless networks for which we would expect to be a significant provider of space to deploy those wireless network. But we don't view quarter our strategy or ourselves owning wireless -- owning the wireless networks themselves or interfacing directly with the consumer and whether that consumer comes in the form of an individual or a commercial Internet of Things. I do think, as I mentioned in one of my earlier answers, I do think there are opportunities for our tower assets in real estate to be used in greater ways in the more upside cases around what will happen with IoT over time and we're certainly focused on what those opportunities might be and could provide additional upside to our base case assumptions.
Jay Brown: Yeah. I don't want to speculate specifically on any of the rumors that are in the market this morning. But I think I would take you back, Robert, to the shared economic model, obviously, for a long period of time some portion of the carrier wireless networks have been self-performed, whether that was towers or the ownership and build of their own fiber. But we found significant opportunity for our shared economic model and regardless of openly who owns the wireless networks and who is deploying wireless networks, we believe the shared economic model is the most cost effective and efficient way for carriers to deploy wireless networks and we would expect regardless of what consolidations occur and ultimately who the owners of those networks are that have shared solution will be the most cost effective and will be a part of the solution that they would use. 
Jay Brown: Well, I would probably answer it honestly the same way. I think I understood that's where you are driving with the question. If you look at the wireless operators today, many of them have significant fiber footprints and we are still seeing significant activity in small cells, because the route uniqueness of our fiber, the density of that fiber, the capacity of the fiber and the shared economic model that we offer is still the most cost effective way for those networks to be deployed. It's also true that today carriers self perform some of those activities. So to the extent that there was a new owner of wireless networks, whether that was as an acquirer or as a building out a new network, I think, you would see a similar pattern where you have use of the shared economic model, as well as self perform. And ultimately I think this is sort of to the benefit of the tower industry, but that shared economic model because of its lower cost, the carriers are looking for opportunities to drive that costs in the network and we are the provider for that. And so, I don't think any equation on that front would change as a result of the cable operator moving into the wireless space. I think, as Dan said, it’s supportive of the long-term view that the world is going wireless and there is significant mobile data the demand they had.
Jay Brown: Yeah. To speak on the churn, there really isn't an uptick. It's really that normal churn of the non-consolidation non-renewals is still in the 1% range, which is relatively consistent with where it has been. To the extent there may be a small uptick, it's really not a big four, it wouldn't be in a big four customers it would be in other customers. But we don't think that's it's a material amount at all nor do we think it's an indication of what's going on in the market. So we see the non-consolidation churn to be relatively consistent with historical.
Jay Brown: There may be some opportunity for that, frankly, I would say that's not really where our focus is. We are focused right now on the major U.S. metro markets and believe most of the capital spend, as well as the return opportunity is going to exist in those markets. So there maybe opportunities to do that and we may participate in that. I think we are more likely to be focused on investment in small cells.
Jay Brown: Yeah. On the first question time to deploying cost, we’ve seen the cost stay relatively similar to what it’s been over the last couple of years in terms of the cost to deploy this system. Time to deploy is about the same as what it’s been, maybe a little more extended than the last couple of years. I think it’s supportive of our notion that there are high barriers to entry in that business and it takes a long time to build new systems. So there is a big advantage of owning fiber in the market and being able to go out and co-locate tenants onto that existing fiber footprint. And the time and cost deploy is really supportive of that view of the barriers to entry and the opportunity ahead of us for the assets that we own today. On the broadcast auction side, I won't speak to how much the spectrum band goes for, ultimately how it gets used. But what I would point to is going back and looking at the business over a very long period of time. It's been terrific for the tower industry as spectrum is deployed and gets into the hands that operator who has capital to deploy that and use for it. And so, I wouldn't at all take it as a negative. I think ultimately the spectrum that's in the market today under auction, as well as additional spectrum that the SEC has been pretty clear about, over the long period of time looking to find additional spectrum to put in the hands of wireless operators. I think that's a positive trend for the tower industry and the real tailwind for future growth.
Jay Brown: Yeah. I think as you described the yo-yo, it's probably more related to as these turn on as we’re building systems…
Jay Brown: It’s about 75% of the activity is related to as building new networks and about 25% is related to co-locating on existing systems. So you’re looking at the timing of construction starts and finishes roughly there. Over time, I think, the other thing that will happen is if we’re right about the scaling of the opportunity, it will get so big that those movements aren’t noticeable and you're comparing those two business, one is about $400 million in revenue and the other is about $3 billion and so the tower business tends to look little more smooth just given the relative size of it. So I wouldn’t you to anything that you could -- you frankly could predict or indicative of the business. I would point to as we've tried to do over the call today really focus on a year-over-year, so look at a 12-month period of time compared to the previous 12 months and I think that will give you the best indication of how we're doing.
Jay Brown: I think, Walter, you were going to have some of both. You are going to have some of those boxes where we have multiple tenants in them. We have -- I think we have showcased the number of systems including there in New York walking around showing folks or in some cases we have three tenants in some of those boxes.
Jay Brown: Yeah. Lot more generically for all of the carriers. Small cell have amendment activity to them in the same way the towers do and that amendment activity as to the answer I just gave you looks in a similar way, so in some cases the amendment will be they will come back with an additional spectrum band or additional technology and they will go next pullover, because they put so much equipment in the first box that they are going next pullover. Sometimes the answer is they are trying to optimizing the network differently, so they will go next pullover and then at other times they will go in the existing box and take up an additional slot in that box and that looks to us like any other new tenant that would go on there. So and we would…
Jay Brown: The answer is theoretically technically possible to stack it all on one. So it’s possible that they could do that in the same way that it's possible on towers. I think that's a less likely outcome. I think you are more likely to see them add additional equipment either the amendment or a new lease for us. But it's theoretically possible that they could combine the spectrum bands and do it with a single piece of equipment, but that's not then what we've seen so far.
Jay Brown: Yeah. On your second question, I think, the carriers and operators will over time continue to look for opportunities to drive down the cost in their network and so there maybe a number of opportunities whether it's Wi-Fi offloading or other projects that the carriers come up with to offload some portion of the capacity off of their networks and that's good for them in terms of reducing the costs and good for us as consumers in terms of improving the coverage and capacity of the networks. We don't see anything on the front -- on that front or otherwise at the moment or at on the horizon that is damaging to our overall business.
Jay Brown: Yeah. On the tower side where build projects are being done in the market or where we're seeing builds and for which we're not investing capital because we don't find the returns to be attractive. There are some folks out building towers that initial yields that are in the 2% to 3% range we don't frankly find those that interesting given the other opportunities that we have in front of us. As we look at maybe the larger acquisitions that have been done more recently, those treated in the 4.5% to 5% initial yield on the tower side, so the small cell returns are little higher at initial yields than what we've seen in towers from an acquisition standpoint and meaningfully higher relative to newbuilds. That probably has to do in part though with the complication and difficulty of constructing those new tower builds are not being done in major metro markets in the U.S. So I think both the risk with the opportunity and the difficulty of completion is factored into those returns that it may not be fair really, Michael, to compare those as apples-to-apples.
Jay Brown: Yeah. We’re typically building towers in that 4% to 5% yield range maybe a little higher than that at some point. So small cells initial yields are higher than historical yields initially were for towers.
Jay Brown: You bet. Well, thanks, everyone for joining us this morning. We'll wrap up the call and look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thanks so much.
Dan Schlanger: Yeah. Dave, on your second question, it’s obviously very early in the year and on the landscape of conversations that are going on among the carriers and what they said publicly, those are all positive milestones that you are speaking about. And as we go through the course of the year we may need to update where we are today. But at this point, we see the year stacking up pretty similar to the way that we saw in 2016. And one other thing I would just draw everyone’s attention to is the nature of our business. We have a lot of predictability around the cash flows and so as we sit here, as we go into any given year, most of the leases that we will sign on that will impact our financial results. We have got those basically cycled and know where they are by this point in the year and so the opportunity to outperform in any given year or underperform is relatively low and the activities that you spoke about, those are likely to be impactful and positive as we start to think about our 2018 results and beyond. So we will certainly update everyone as we go through the course of the year and as some of those start to materialized and start to impact leasing, I think, those are more likely to impact our run rate activity as we go into 2018 and they are necessarily to impact our financial results for ’17.
Dan Schlanger: And Nick, just before you can get on, we haven’t seen faster than that lease-up, that’s what Jay mentioned earlier, so we think of those assumptions we can probably outdo, but for now the underwriting has been based on that small cell demand at that pace.
Dan Schlanger: It’s really, how we get there as we have equipment that we buy on behalf of our customers and we get a small margin on that, that’s a services you see in the small cell business. It’s just a reflection of the activity we had in the quarter, which we had talked about before is, there is a high level activity in small cells in the fourth quarter and that’s where you saw that services coming from.
Dan Schlanger: Yeah. So each Sprint, T-Mobile around 6% on overlapping sites and we have about five to six years left on both of those contracts. So what we think is that if two of them were to get together the implication would be that they want to compete on network quality and to do so, they would have to increase their investment in their networks, not try to minimize the number of towers they would be on. So as a historically been the case, we see the consolidation doesn't necessarily equate to them coming off every tower they possible could, because they are really trying to invest in the network. AT&T I think is 28% of revenue for 2016. You can see that in our supplement.
Dan Schlanger: Right now it’s on our revolver and we have not -- we not said how exactly we would fund that overall in the future, but it is in right now it’s just part on our revolver.
Dan Schlanger: And as Jay pointed out we have thought about and baked into our outlook and increasing interest rate environment to the extent that we would have to look in an acquisition we would do so again and just try to take a view on what that would look like. The second thing I would point out on the equity if you look at what we did for FiberNet is, we had assumed cost to capital in our modeling and therefore we went out and sold the equity where we could clear that cost to capital back in fourth quarter even before it closed, because we want to be very true to that increasing dividend per share to make sure we lock in that cost of capital and returns that we're looking at. With respect to tower site rental expenses going up, there are a few things that happened in the fourth quarter that, I think, the important part is that we did not include in our 2017 guidance and outlook. So we have not made them continue through to 2017. So you can take away from that those things that we don't expect to incur going forward. So there were its just small things here and there that added up in the quarter that we don't include in the ‘17 guidance.
Dan Schlanger: And like we pointed out in our last quarter in the case study around Chicago, it’s not only expanding from the top 10 and beyond, but also from the central business district in the top 10 to more the suburban area. We see the expansion both ways of the demand for small cells.
Dan Schlanger: Matthew, I’ll take on the second part of those questions, I'll probably beg off on that level of specificity, but on the first part of the conversation, we're having significant conversations with all of the carriers and have a pretty good understanding we believe around how they’re thinking about the deployment of small cells in macro sites across the country and our FiberNet acquisition was based in part on the insight that we had from working with customers. So we absolutely had insight, and as I mentioned, there is significant opportunity and activity going on in the South Florida markets that we gain fiber footprint and -- as well as Houston.
Dan Schlanger: And Robert, just to add something, Jay said earlier to an answer to another question, which is the implication of all of this activity is mobile demand is going to grow significantly, because people are trying to get at that mobile demand as efficiently as possible and that may not be the only reason for those types of consolidations, but it is one of the reasons. And that gives us yet another data point to confirm our belief that serving as the infrastructure provider to meet the mobile demand is a great place to be. So we think that all of these things do have potentially a positive implication for our overall business model and something I think would play out well for us.
Dan Schlanger: Our underwrite on CapEx for 2017 for small cells as you stated is similar to what we saw in 2016. Typically, the amount of timeline between when we sign up a customer and when they go on air that cycle is the 12 months to 15 months cycle in order to get small cell nodes to be built at a minimum sometimes it’s longer than that can be an 18 months to 24 months cycles. So the uptick as we would talk about activity both that we’re talking about or talking with our customers about or that they publicly start to talk about. The CapEx spend for that and ultimately the resulting revenue would be beyond in all likelihood beyond the calendar year 2017 both in terms of material capital spend, as well as then the ongoing revenue. We -- I think absent other factors I think we are biased to believe that when I made the comment earlier in the call that ultimately we believe small cells could be of the similar scale as towers. We certainly anticipate that there's going to be significant investment and opportunity in the years ahead and the scale of that would be much larger than what we are currently seeing. So our bias is that it is upward movement, but I think you are unlikely to see a meaningful increase to our activity in 2017.
Dan Schlanger: And on that front as you know in our outlook that we think that small cell business is going to grow more in ‘17 than it didn't in ‘16 by about $15 million. So the year-over-year…
Dan Schlanger: No. I would go back to kind of year-over-year, we did about $55 million roughly of new leasing activities in the small cell segment in ‘16 and we think that's up about $15 million in 2017 to about $70 million.
Dan Schlanger: … add the tenant, so I think we have a mix of both, ultimately the way we price it comes back to return and the aesthetic of the community are going to drive ultimately. We put two or three on the same light pole…
Dan Schlanger: … that's not really the economic reality, the economic reality goes to the fibers is the really expensive asset in the mix and it's across that fiber that we are driving additional return by adding tenants. So whether it goes on the same pole over the next pole over, we don't really care, we are focused on the return across the capital investment that we make.
Dan Schlanger: Yeah. Mike, on the first one on organic growth, we kept organic growth consistent in our outlook from before until now, so it's not a reduction in growth. There's a higher base on which we provided it. So it looks like, I think, you did the math and it maybe a little lower from a percentage basis, but we did not change our assumptions on the activity levels on the growth that we expect in 2017.
