Jay Brown: You bet. Good morning, Mike. Big picture what I would say is, we'll continue to see really consistent growth across all of the carriers in the business. And I think the commentary that I made going back and looking at both our capital allocation plans historically, but also the activity of the carriers over the last decade shows a consistent investment in the network. And I think we expect the same thing going forward. Anytime anyone looks at the business and starts to try to figure out inflection points, it always gives me pause because history would suggest that there is a steadiness to the investment of capital and that the improvement to networks in order to provide data capacity for consumers is a long road, not a short one. And so, as we look forward, what I think we're most excited about is the long runway of growth that we see. On the tower side, we see consistent revenue growth over a long period of time as 5G gets built out. And then, in terms of the potential upside, the comments that I made around the iPhone 12 and the opening up of millimeter-wave, we think it's probably the most likely path of seeing significant upside to the consistent growth that we would expect driven by 5G over the coming decade.
Jay Brown: Yeah. The colocation will be coming on assets that we have both acquired and built over a period of time. And obviously the colocation that we're putting on in 2021 reflects nodes that we put into the pipeline, probably a couple of years ago, in most cases. So, it's a reflection of those assets that we acquired or built several years ago. And then, as we talk about it often, they then lease-up over a long period of time. And as we look at the business, obviously we've increased the base of investment over the last several years as we've built anchored new system and the expectation of those new anchored system is that over time they would see colocation and lease-up. And as we look at the pipeline for 2021 and as we were talking about the capital intensity associated with that growth, obviously the capital intensity comes down as colocation goes up. And in 2021, we're reaping the benefit both in terms of higher yields on the assets over time from colocation and also lower capital intensity related to those assets.
Jay Brown: Yeah. On your second question, Brett, obviously we shy away from talking about specific customers and specific deals with our customers. So, I'll mostly beg off of that question. Big picture, in terms of the economics and how we think about our customer relationship, the value that we provide to the customers is a shared solution that ultimately lowers their cost of being able to deploy the network. And that value proposition, regardless of the construct under which it's made with each of our customers, look to be really healthy and intact. And so, as I look across the landscape, I think both on the tower side and on the small cell side, the value proposition holds through a number of different market cycles. And we're looking, at the same time, we're providing that value proposition to the customers, we're trying to be thoughtful about making sure we get an appropriate yield on the invested capital that we have. And that's true both on the tower side, as well as the small cell side. So, now we've laid out our contractual provisions in the supplement. Obviously we have about five years remaining on the T-Mobile leases and we'll continue to work with them as we do with all of the carriers to make sure we have the right contractual relationship to ensure that they have access to the assets and get network deployed in an expeditious fashion. And we're getting the appropriate returns on the invested capital.
Jay Brown: You bet. Good morning, Simon. On the first question around the pipeline in small cells, we're continuing to have really encouraging conversations with our customers about their need and our ability to perform for them and both deploy capital and deliver small cell nodes for them. And so, the environment in which we're having conversations with the customers, as evidenced by some of the comments that I made around millimeter-wave and the necessity of increased cell site density, are really encouraging and supports kind of our longer-term view that small cells are just an integral component of wireless networks. And I think as you've heard both Verizon and AT&T talk about this week that you really can't do wireless without wires, without fiber. And fiber is, I think, in terms of the conversation both with our customers and more broadly as people look at this industry, I think more and more you're seeing the blending of both fiber and wireless. And I think you're going to see that trend continue. So, I think, we're still early stages in terms of what that's going to look like, but the total addressable market, all of the signs point to an increasingly large addressable market. Our role and capture of that addressable market, I think, comes down to both where we've chosen to historically invest our capital. As you know, we focus most of the capital in the top markets in the U.S. We think those have the potential to produce the highest returns on invested capital. So we focused our fiber investments in those top markets because we think they have the best opportunity for future small cell lease-up. As I listen to what the carriers are saying, I think, they believe that they're going to need small cells well beyond just the top markets in the U.S. and that's going to require fiber deployed in a lot more locations than frankly will probably meet our return thresholds. Dan talked about in some of his prepared remarks, the rigorous analysis we go through in terms of allocating capital. We think about what kind of markets in the U.S. do we really want to allocate capital toward. And there are places in the U.S. where we choose not to pursue request for proposals from the carriers and we've chosen to focus most of the capital investment in the top markets because we think the highest growth is there. So I think that leads to a commentary both today and what I would expect continue long into the future where the carriers are going to self-perform a meaningful portion of the small cells that they need, there may be other third parties who also enter the States. And I think that just speaks to how big the addressable market is going to be and also our discipline in limiting where ultimately we're willing to extend capital where we think the best returns for Crown Castle are. I think if those two things play themselves out, which we'll see over time. I think there's plenty of addressable market for us to get great returns on the capital that we've invested thus far. And at the same time, I think, you'll continue to see the carriers to self-perform in locations where it just doesn't make sense for us to extend the capital. On your second question around accelerating the construction process, we are obviously working every day to try to figure out ways to do that better and faster. And the team has worked hard at that and there are instances where we have found some opportunity to be able to do that. I would say, as I said in the past, the idea that there is a -- that it's easy to deploy small cells and to deploy fiber is really a fallacy. This is a very difficult and long process to go through the zoning and planning process of being able to deploy small cells in the U.S. And I don't really see anything on the horizon that would meaningfully change that. I believe that the significant moat around the business and will remain intact and in place for a very long period of time. And to the extent, therefore, somebody has fiber in locations where small cell network that has been built for future small cells. I think there is a real advantage to that in place operator for capturing future opportunity around small cells. So, we're working every day to try to figure out a way to deliver these small cells faster for the customers, but I think the dynamics of zoning and planning and working with the utilities drive a pretty long timeline that thus far we really haven't seen change meaningfully.
Jay Brown: Jonathan, on your second question, again, to my comments earlier about T-Mobile, I certainly want to let DISH speak to their own plans and timing around what they're thinking about deployment of a network. So, it's – I think it's fair to draw from the public commentary that they've given thus far. And certainly in our own outlook, we did not assume a significant contribution from DISH in 2021. But based on their public commentary, we would expect more of a contribution as we go into 2022.
Jay Brown: Sure. We did announce that we had hired an outside search firm to help us look at both internal and external candidates for that role, for our COO of Network. And we feel good about the process that's ongoing. We've seen a number of quality candidates, but no specific updates at this time. I would – to the part of your question in terms of what are we looking for, what do we expect? Obviously, looking for somebody who has a proven ability to lead a large organization of our scale and size, and we want to make sure we pick somebody who has a good understanding of the strategy and an ability to execute against that strategy and drive returns on the invested capital that we've put there. So, no specific update beyond that and we'll let you know as soon as we make a decision on that front.
Jay Brown: To your second question, we did make an investment in Vapor IO, which is a edge compute company. And on this topic, I would say, the world is continuing to move toward wireless. And if you look at the amount of data traffic as referenced – as I referenced in my prepared remarks, it is growing at an unbelievable pace. And edge compute becomes really important as users and providers using those wireless networks are trying to figure out ways to reduce the latency in the network and lower the overall cost of delivering that data. And edge compute is a way of doing that by both moving compute power as well as storage as close to the user as possible. And that becomes increasingly important as industrial applications materialize even beyond what we think of today as mostly consumer-driven applications. So, I think there's a lot of opportunity there. It also highlights the necessity of everything in the network being connected by fiber, both small cells, macro sites, edge compute. And I think it's another indication of the necessity and the importance of fiber in the next-generation of wireless networks. So we're excited about the opportunity there. We think we're well positioned in terms of the investment that we've made. It doesn't have a meaningful impact today on any of our results nor do we expect that to be true in 2021, but it does give us a view toward the future and we're excited about the upside, not just in our investment in edge compute, but what that portends for the rest of the business and the increasing data traffic going across the wireless networks and then the investment required in order to get there.
Jay Brown: Dave, to your second question. I would describe the activity that we're expecting in 2021 to be normal levels of activity. And as we look across the landscape of the carriers, they are all investing in the network and we think we'll benefit from that. And I think the idea of growth in this business just really big picture if I step back and look at what's going on in the environment is, we're growing topline revenue growth at a very attractive clip and that is translating as we talked about in 2021 into a double-digit dividend increase, some 11%. And if I go backwards and think about what's happened over the last four years in those dividend increases, we've grown the dividend about 9%. So in terms of the return of capital to shareholders, we've seen an acceleration in terms of that increase in dividend to the shareholder. We're seeing tremendous growth on the top-line side, and the best part about it is, we have a view toward the future that looks like this is going to stay in place for an extended period of time. And there are a lot of elements of it that say there's going to be a really long runway of growth. And so our business which has historically been marked by really consistent investment among the carriers, I think that investment trends is in place and looks like there is a pretty long runway ahead of that continued investment by our customers. And I'm pretty excited about where we're positioned in terms of capturing that and then translating it into returning cash to our shareholders through the form of dividends and then continuing to invest along the way in assets we think can further that dividend growth.
Jay Brown: You bet. So, on your first question, just to, kind of, square everybody away in terms of where we are on small cell nodes. We came into 2020 with about 40,000 nodes on air. We expect to exit 2020 with about 50,000 on-air and then we expect by the time we get to the end of 2021, that we'll have about 60,000 nodes on air, so similar levels of activity in 2020 and 2021. That means we'll exit this year with about 20,000 nodes roughly in the pipeline still to be completed. On your second question around, our 2021 outlook, we gave a range because there is, a number of different things that could obviously happen, as we get into the year. And I guess you raised one specific area. I wouldn't, again, comment on specific customer contracts. But, to the extent that there was an allowance that we were to make contractually with the customer on being able to exit committed revenue that they have to us, we would expect to have an equivalent value return back as a part of any discussion that we would have. So, I would never say never to a theoretical question like that. But the value would have to be there to us that would materialize in some other form. So, I would look at the outlook that we gave to 2021 as similar to any other year that we would give outlook. And we're trying to give a range of possibility to potential upsides that could help us, if things go well. And then, the low end of the guidance if things didn't go quite as well as we expected. And we're trying to give you a balanced view of a number of pluses and minuses as we go into the year.
Jay Brown: Colby, I think answering that in the theoretical is basically impossible. We are economic animals at heart. And we run a massive capital investment base that we put together over 20-plus years. And our goal is to maximize the yield on that investment by working thoughtfully with the customer, to ensure that they have a compelling opportunity to go on the site. And to be able to do that as expeditiously as we possibly can. So there is a real value to our customers of sharing it. And we're aiming to maximize the value and the return on the assets. And we hold ourselves out to be as flexible as we can be, in accomplishing those two goals, both offering a shared solution that's good for our customers and at the same time trying to maximize the return on the asset, if we can tick both of those boxes, happy to consider what makes the most sense, but in the theoretical really frankly impossible to be any more specific than that.
Jay Brown: Yes, I think, as I was trying to reference in my comments, I think whether it's industry estimates or the carrier commentary, it would look like there are a number of signs of future growth of accelerating growth in small cells over the coming years. And I would just -- stepping back away from the specifics of it, but just looking broadly at what happened in our industry, whenever there has been a period of time where there was spectrum available, carriers who own that spectrum and had the capital to actually be able to invest to deploy that spectrum and then devices in the hands of consumers that could actually use that spectrum, those three things -- when those three things come together, it's really good to be an infrastructure provider. And as I look at the millimeter-wave in particular, that spectrum, I believe that is more suited toward the deployment of small cells than it is macro site. And the convergence of those three things sets up an environment and a tailwind to the business. But I think it's going to play out over time and go really well for us and anybody else in the third-party provision of small cells. So, I think the overall pie is growing because of those drivers of spectrum, capital and the availability of devices to use that spectrum band and I think our business is sitting right in the heart of that. And so, in my mind, it's not a question of if this is going to happen, if there are going to be small cells that are going to end up on the fiber, it's really more a question of when will it happen. And I think, as I referenced earlier in the conversations that we're having with carriers, really encouraging conversations around their deployment plans both in the near and longer term. And I think that sets up well for the underlying assumptions that we have that when we build these systems, we'll be able to add one tenant in addition to the anchor build over a 10-year period of time. And a lot of the questions that you're asking there and the commentary that I made in my prepared remarks about millimeter wave, that's really to the upside of how we thought about and assessed kind of the investment of capital. So, certainly, we see an environment where there could be an acceleration and we think we would benefit from that. I think the business sits right in the heart of a massive trend of growth that's going to happen in the U.S. over the coming decade.
Jay Brown: Yeah. I think obviously we look at a number of different factors as we think about the commentary that we made and the growing environment and opportunity around the small cell side. I think that business is going to be more forever by a lumpy and chunky awarding of small cells. It's very different than the tower business in terms of the way the customers award small cells. They're generally done on a market-by-market basis or at least a significant portion of a sub-market. And in the tower business, the assets are generally leased one at a time, and that's not the way small cells work. So, I think, Nick, I would not look at the lumpiness and chunkiness of it, as anything other than just have look at the nature of the business and I think it will stay that way. And as I mentioned, the tone of the conversations privately is really encouraging, but I don't think that's the only thing that's encouraging. As I look at the broader landscape, the public commentary that carriers are making around the need for small cells and the deployment of the small cells. And then, as I look on the innovation front in terms of -- as I mentioned in my comments around what Apple is doing, that is a significant amount of network deployment that's coming in order to make those devices work to the fullest extent that they intend. And our business sits right in the middle of that, and I think we'll benefit from it as the investment lines up with the use cases and the deployment of that spectrum.
Jay Brown: I think it's always difficult to compare the nature of conversations. In 2018, there was a different scale of opportunity to what there is today. So, I think in 2018, we would have looked at it and said, we're seeing early signs as a result of some of the awards, but probably not the total addressable market starting to materialize in the same way that we are today. So, today, the scale and opportunity that's out there because of the number of nodes with the carriers need, is much larger in terms of scale than what it was in 2018. That's the total addressable market. And then, the conversation that we're having around, back to my previous comments around, what fits our investment criteria. That would be a smaller subset of the totality of the conversation and what's available in the market and what we think fits our strategy and fits the assets that we have. So, I would indicate that the scale of the conversations today is much larger than what it would have been in 2018.
Jay Brown: Okay. Well, thanks everybody for joining the call this morning. I know there were a few folks that we weren't able to get to, feel free to follow-up with us today. We're happy to get back to you and try to answer the questions. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thanks so much. Bye-bye.
Dan Schlanger: And I think, Mike, it's important just to point out that we're seeing 6% growth in our tower business going into 2021, which we think will be pretty well received or look pretty good compared to our peers. And that's without all of that investment that Jay is talking about. So, I think we're -- and then we're translating that into 10% AFFO per share growth. That's a pretty good set up to be in, where we're moving into 2021 with really good tower growth, really good AFFO growth and a lot of upside from there.
Dan Schlanger: Yeah. Hey, Brett. I'll take the first one. On the churn assumption going into 2021, we talked about this before that the acquired network churn that we had seen coming up through at the end of last year had a rollover effect into 2020 that would stop by the end of 2020. And so, 2021 churn is lower and it is kind of the lower end of our 1% to 2% long-term churn rate. Even within that though, as you pointed out, the specific churn around Sprint, we have some of that assumed in our model in how we're thinking about churn going forward. So that's inclusive of the Sprint churn to be at that low end.
Dan Schlanger: Yeah. Hey, Jon. On your question on Q3, I think what we can just see from the overall Q3 results and then our 2020 guide going into 2021 is, activity is accelerating into the back half, albeit at a slower pace than what we would have expected. You can see that in a couple of places. One is relatively substantial increase in services that we saw from Q2 into Q3. And then, again, just the increase in overall leasing activity that was on from 2020 into 2021. I think, as always, we've talked about that -- and Jay mentioned it earlier -- that we feel really comfortable with the overall activity levels increasing and all of the demand that's being placed on wireless networks requiring an increase in the amount of capital and operating expenses being required from our customers to keep up. But it's always hard to tell exactly when the timing of that -- any type of change will happen. So trying to pinpoint it to a month of our quarter has always been hard. And what we're seeing -- what we're excited about is that we're moving into 2021, we see our tower growth accelerating into that 6% range. And like I said earlier, that's a great place for us to be as we see a continuing – as Jay mentioned in his prepared remarks, insatiable demand for data on top of a 5G ecosystem that's being developed now that we think will generate substantial opportunities for us going forward.
Dan Schlanger: Yeah. In terms of capital intensity, we called out two things. One is, we finished a few fiber projects that we had inherited with some acquisitions we have done historically, we finished those in 2020, we wrap them up. And those will continue going into 2021. A lot of that is in line with our strategy of leading more with small cells and with fiber solutions. And as we continue to push on that, we do believe that that's more of a longer-term impact to our business. And that when we're looking at building fiber throughout the markets, as Jay pointed out, the top 25 markets, top 30 markets to begin with, that we want to lead with small cells. And there maybe cases where we could come up with a situation where we lead with fiber solutions, because we think small cells are coming relatively quickly in the same places. But for the most part is a small cell decision. Are we wanting to invest in that market for small cells yet or not? And if the answer is no, then we're not going to lead with fiber solutions. And in many cases, these are deals that were based on fiber solutions. So it is a longer-term type of capital allocation decision we're making there. In terms of the second reason that we called out for why we have less capital density is an increase in the proportion of small cell nodes that are colocation from where they had been historically. As Jay pointed out, it was about 70% to 80% anchor builds historically. And this year, we're looking more like 60% anchor builds and 40% colocation. And because of that, the capital intensity is coming down. I would say that, the remainder of our backlog looks more akin to the 70% to 80% anchor builds, so that's not as long-term unless, of course, we get some bookings that would replace those colocation nodes, which, as you know, are quicker to go into production, just because we already have fiber and existing poles already, so that would happen faster. So if we get some bookings that may change that, but I would say right now on our backlog, it looks more like what we've seen historically.
Dan Schlanger: Yes. Thanks, David. I'll take the first question on 2021 outlook. We don't give outlook according to specific spectrum bands or specific customers. What we look to is to try to figure out what is the level of demand that's coming and where do we think that the -- our carrier customers are going to allocate capital in order to meet that demand. I think, there is --as you pointed out, one of the important aspects that makes the U.S. market so attractive is, there is a lot of spectrum that has been purchased recently or will be purchased in the upcoming few months through C-band specifically that is laying fallow and not generating return and not meeting the demand from end users. And that's what's driving the overall increase in tower leasing activity that we're going to see and we expect to see going into 2021. We would anticipate that whoever ultimately owns that C-band would want to deploy it at some point and whether that's in 2021 or beyond, it will just add to our tower growth over time just like any spectrum had before. And we're generally agnostic to which spectrum is being deployed. We're looking for how is the ultimate end user demand going to be met through deploying more spectrum, densifying more sites, building small cells, going on additional towers, but there's nothing specific or not specific in that for a C-band deployment necessarily.
Dan Schlanger: Yeah, it's pretty flat through the year. But as typically the case, we generally see a little bit more activity in the back half of the year, than we do in the front half of the year.
Dan Schlanger: Yes Ric, what I would say right now is, there's probably a little less than 50,000 on-air. It did go up. It went up in line with what we would have expected. So, we're on track to what we thought was going to happen, as Jay pointed out, going from 40,000 at the beginning of the year to 50,000 at the end of the year. But, yes, we put some on air, just like what we expected. And so, we weren't -- our commentary last quarter was a little more than 45,000. We'd say now it's a little less than 50,000.
Dan Schlanger: Yes, that's exactly right, Ric. You got all those numbers right about $60 million growth in prepaid in 2020 and we have about $50 million growth in prepaid going into 2021.
Dan Schlanger: Yes, I think I'll take that reverse, a long-term trend is in that $90 million to $120 million range is what we would expect sustaining CapEx to be. How we can take that out is, we can be very diligent about how we care for our assets and try to run the business as efficiently as we possibly can in any given period. But over time, there is some sustaining capital that is required to maintain the asset, as you know. It's a pretty low number, $100 million-ish on the capital base that we have is a low number, and it should be in that ballpark. But in any given one period, we can get really creative in how we think about that, and what we wanted to do is to make sure we're delivering is the best AFFO growth we possibly could both in 2020 and in 2021, and that's what you're seeing on the sustaining number.
