Jay A. Brown: Yes, Phil, thanks. Obviously it's been growing and we've been doing more, including increasing the scope of work on each individual application over time. But it is hard to forecast. It's hard to forecast in terms of volume, and then as well as timing, because not all of the timing relates to things that we can control, some of it beyond our control, things like zoning, availability of equipment, lots of other things that actually impact when the timing of the jobs get done and the recognition of revenue. So given that it is lumpy, it has been going up. In relation to the application volume and the activity that we've seen, we have high expectations for it, certainly. And we'd expect that this year, full year, would be substantially greater than last year. But still, $47 million of margin in the quarter is unprecedented by a long shot for us, and so we're going to be a little gentle as we forecast that.
Jay A. Brown: Well, we try to basically come out with things, a level that we obviously are pretty sure we can make. I don't want to come out on a call and talk to you about why we didn't make a number. And as we've said, given the activity over the last 12 months, which has been ever increasing, it's been -- we've been beating that number obviously every quarter. But I'm cautious because there may come a time when that number flat lines or even heads back down, and so we just got to be very careful about getting too far out over of our skis on that one. And again, the last thing I would add is, remember, carriers are not compelled to use us. And so while we're very pleased with the activity and we work very hard to secure that business, they don't have to use us. So while it is related to the activity in the market, we certainly can't absolutely control it.
Jay A. Brown: Yes, sure, Phil. We've already started some of the preliminary work on REIT conversion in terms of considering who our advisors will be and legal counsel and how that would look. We've spent a considerable amount of time internally looking at what we would need to do in order to make that, make the conversion. I would tell you just broadly, and there've been a number of articles written about some of the businesses that are trying to make themselves look at close to real estate as they can, in order to pursue a single taxation-type model. And when you look at the tower business, this is a real estate business and, certainly, when they set up the pass-through entity status and looked at real estate as one of the prime examples that have taken advantage of that, that's what we are. We're a real estate business, and it's not a stretch to figure out how our business relates to that. Broadly, on tax reform, I mean, there may be tax reform over time, and if there is tax reform, then obviously, we'll have to look at what we think is the best approach for the company. But I think some of the concerns about what the IRS may or may not do in terms of including various businesses in -- as REITs, it's hard to imagine how you could define real estate and not include -- and not include towers. So I think we feel pretty comfortable about it. And we've started to work, and you're right to say, we'll burn through our NOL in about 2015, beginning of 2016, and so I think our conversion is in next -- inside of the next 24 to 36 months, and we've already started the early work to get that done.
Jay A. Brown: John, your second question around prepaid activity. As you probably saw from the release, we add an additional footnote to the straight-line revenue disclosure that we've given over the last year plus, when we went through this AFFO metric that the industry has gone to, to show you the one component of that number that has some volatility in it, which is related to prepaid activity. So we've called that, we've called that out. And in periods where there's a significant amount of construction and activity going on, we're going to see more prepaid. I think we've talked about in past quarters, directionally, that straight-line revenue number, in the absence of any construction activity, is headed to about breakeven in the 2016 timeframe. And so, if -- just as a simple example, if you were to say we didn't have any prepaid activity in 2016, we would expect the current drag, that is straight-line revenue, of about $130 million to go to 0. So just growth in absolute cash received from our tenant licenses is going to grow significantly over the next couple of years. So we were trying to spike that out a little bit to show you that the one component of that, that does have some volatility. And I guess I'll make a similar comment to what I made around services that we'll continue to take a pretty conservative view there. And it's a -- a lot of it comes down from timing. I think directionally, we feel great about the year, which you can certainly take from our comments about where application volume is. And then with regard to services and construction activities, we'll have to see how it develops over the course of the year. It's harder for us to predict exactly where those items are going to fall.
Jay A. Brown: It does reflect somewhat in calendar year 2013. As I mentioned in my comments, we took up our fourth quarter site rental gross margin in terms of incremental growth year-over-year by about 18%. So that's a direct result of that leasing activity and the applications that we're seeing. It is, as you point out though, most impactful to the 2014 run rate. Generally speaking, we have about 4 to 5 months from the date we receive an application until it becomes revenue. So that application activity that we saw in the first quarter really becomes revenue into the third quarter, and gets the -- you get the impact there for the balance of this year, but most impactful as we think about run rates into 2014. And I think we are really encouraged about, broadly, what we see the carriers working on and where that application activity is going as we transition from, what has been the last couple of years, a predominantly an amendment mix, to now seeing a significant number of brand new lease applications where carriers are going -- desiring to go on towers they're not currently co-located on. And that's having a big impact as we think about in the fourth quarter, and where we head into 2014.
Jay A. Brown: Yes, I think the first step after we lay out the plan is to pursue the private lateral ruling from the IRS. There have been a number of tower companies and land lease companies that have gone down this path, both public and private companies. So there's a good track record there in terms of how the IRS responds to this, so we feel pretty good about that. But that would be the next step. And then once we've received that private letter ruling, then it just becomes an election for us to convert to a REIT. And those 2 things don't necessarily have to go together, so we could pursue and obtain a private letter ruling and then wait before -- wait to make the REIT conversion decision at a later date. And I think I've broadly discussed here, how we think about capital allocation in that discussion. And given the amount of growth that we're seeing in the business and where we see cash flow per share growing over the next couple of years, we thought it appropriate to maintain the flexibility to use our cash flow, to be able to go out and either buy acquisitions or buy back our own shares. We think we've done that really successfully over a long period of time. And so by waiting on the dividend, until it's the most tax advantageous approach in the business, we think we can deliver outsized returns to the shareholders. But it's something that we're certainly considering, and I wouldn't dismiss the possibility that we don't go a little bit early. And we're just in the early stages of working on it, and would make the decision when appropriate.
Jay A. Brown: I think the practical answer is we would probably do it on January 1. There are ways you wouldn't necessarily have to do that, but, in all likelihood, we would think about it as a calendar year decision.
Jay A. Brown: Jonathan, one thing I would say, which we talked about, I think, at some length last quarter, is that we're in an unprecedented time of public -- private carriers, public disclosure around their multiyear plans for CapEx spending. And historically, we've -- given some public comments, generally about the next 9 to 12 months, and what they're going to do in any given year, and you have most of the carriers who've come out with at least 2- to 3-year CapEx plans and what those plans are going to entail, in terms of both small cell deployments, in macro sites and amendment activity. And so I think we have, we probably have about the same amount of visibility on a quarter-by-quarter basis as we've ever had. But the one thing that has changed is the longer-term view that the carriers have taken about their network, and we're just working through that as we go through the near term.
Jay A. Brown: Sure. On the increase in outlook, we've got about $9 million in the calendar year related to interest savings, which I alluded to in my comments when we repriced our Term Loan B. There's another about $29 million that's related to increases in adjusted EBITDA from where we were previously for the full year. Then we have the benefit that we talked about from fiber in the first quarter, as well as there will likely be some for the balance of the year. And that, basically, bridges the balance of the year in terms of the total increase in AFFO. And, Jason, I think, maybe I would point to just that level of activity in my comments before about construction and where applications go, ultimately, that will be somewhat of a driver as we get into the balance of the year. If it's at an elevated level, we may do a little bit better from those kind of activity, but very difficult for us to predict that at this point. So most of it is really just adjusted EBITDA growth and that's coming from the outperformance in the current quarter, as well as our raise in terms of expectations for site rental revenue, that's the driver there for the growth in adjusted EBITDA, the interest savings and then, really, what we already achieved in the first quarter makes up the bulk of it. On your second question around leverage at 6.1x, really, my comment, for what I was alluding to, was, if you look at capital spending or share -- and share purchases and acquisitions, we didn't send all the cash flow that we earned during the first quarter, which has, I guess, normally been our practice to invest most of it during the quarter. That 3% represents specific assets -- less than 3% of our total assets. Those represents specific acquisitions that we're in the process of looking at currently. No promises that will be successful on those, but it's been said we think we can fund those out of cash flow. And so we were, in essence, holding on to cash and not making investments, waiting for the outcome on those. I think, broadly, to the extent that something larger than what is relatively small acquisitions would have come about, then that would be a different discussion and we'd have to look at those assets. This is -- my comments are related to specifically to some specific assets that we were looking at and why we didn't invest all the cash flow that we earned in the quarter.
Jay A. Brown: It would be good for a couple of years. We wouldn't -- that private letter ruling doesn't really doesn't really expire.
Jay A. Brown: David, that's a great question. And obviously, we believe and our experiencing the fact that it's complementary, and it's really all of the above. We know from our drive testing precisely which sites, existing macro sites, could solve existing needs in the marketplace. And as I've said a few minutes ago, one of the things that's been -- we've seen, clearly, and it makes perfect sense a little bit in hindsight, is the carriers' capital and focus has been on amending existing sites, for obvious reasons, multi thousands of them. And as we've disclosed, I think last year we had 23,000 individual applications inside the company. I mean, that's just a mind-boggling number. Those are amendments, primarily, on the first pass of LTE. That doesn't -- we're not suggesting that they don't need any other macro sites, it's just that's the first thing that happened. Now, as you're seeing, the next thing that's happening is they're going back and starting to address the obvious sites that would have satisfied additional coverage or capacity requirements, with LTE being part of that installation as sort of the second way. And we believe that will continue. And we see that happening in macro sites. We think -- are certainly the most efficient way to cover the capacity challenges and coverage challenges that remain out there today, and that will continue. But that's not sufficient. There's a lot of places, as you point out in your question, where small cells can augment in a very small geographic area, the capacity that may not be available from the macro site or even the rooftop site. And so while -- if you're standing there in that location, you might actually have 1 or 2 bars of coverage on your phone from the macro site, it's not enough to do the mobile technology or the mobile broadband services that the carriers want to provide and that were willing to pay for, apparently, because that's what's happening. And so that's why you see the carriers talking about multi-thousand small cells being added as augmentation to add capacity and effectively reuse the spectrum in a micro cell on those, if you will, and multiply the capacity that's available to the consumer in those in urban areas. But it's really both. And I think what's driving this -- what we paid close attention to is the ability for the carriers to continue to make capital investments to add data capacity and densification, and drive incremental EBITDA and margin through their wireless businesses. And from what we can tell, that's very evident and that's there today. And so that's why we -- one of the primary reasons we were so excited about what we see in the U.S. We, as consumers, are prepared to and expect to pay for data services, and we are doing that. And there's a lot more devices coming and applications coming. And as I mentioned earlier, technology companies that want access to wireless consumers, that I suspect we're all going to be paying for more services in the future and getting more out of it. But that's basically how it's working. It's both.
Jay A. Brown: Sure. I think the first point I would make is the comment that I made during the prepared remarks. If you look at the current balance sheet, we've got about 7 years -- almost 7 years remaining on the average term, and the average coupon is about 4.5%. That mix of our current debt is about 70% fixed rate and about 30% floating rate. So over the next 6.5 to 7 years, the exposure that we have to near-term rates is about 30% of our overall mix. We have seen over a long period time, obviously, in the business, those interest rates fluctuate. And the cost of debt fluctuates. And when it does, the cost of -- and our willingness to buy assets can fluctuate as well. Today in the market, we could be an issuer of long-term debt, senior debt at the parent company, somewhere in the neighborhood of 5% to 5.5%, and so the debt is still attractive. And as you pointed out, we've looked at other opportunities where we've gone down at the asset level and limited the amount of leverage that we put down there to achieve an investment-grade credit rating. And have found very attractive fixed rates on debt that we can do for long periods of time. And so it's more than a single-pronged question, it relates both to what's the cost of debt, and then based on that, we can adjust our willingness to buy assets at. And so over time, we think we've got a pretty good structure in terms of flexibility around where we can finance the assets, whether at the asset level or up at the parent level. And to the extent that we pursue acquisitions again, it's relative to our other alternative, which is buying back our own stock. And that's proven to be a very attractive investment over a long period of time.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes, John, I'll take the first one. On the services business, we do have some variable cost structure built into there, and we have added people over the last year, really almost at an unprecedented rate for Crown Castle, given that it's -- we run with lots of assets and few people. We've added a number of folks to handle this work load. We do have some variable cost in there, a number of them are contractors. I think the essence of your question is, if it were to flex down, can some of the cost structure come out? And the answer is absolutely. And so we always keep an eye on what do we think is sort of baseline core services activity, and then what is -- what are we seeing based on all this activity, appreciating that we've added 1/3 to the portfolio, too, so you're going to have a higher increasing rate of activity, just because the portfolio's bigger. But there is a significant amount of variable cost in that business that could flex appropriately.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes. Rick, this is Ben. So on the -- look, it's only been 4 months, so we're happy to tell you that we're ahead of plan, but it's 4 months in, and we obviously had a long-term leasing forecast. But we're ahead of plan significantly already with the T-Mobile assets. And yes, I would suggest to you that they're tracking colos as well as amendment activity.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Jonathan, let me start with the first part, on -- by carrier. We generally resist calling out individual carriers and their deployment plans and what's going on. Obviously we have a pretty good window into that from our seat. But you can certainly take from their comments, the carriers' public disclosure, where they are in terms of their initial LTE deployment. And they're in varying stages of completion, if you will, in the first level of amendment activity through their existing networks. And as we've anticipated for some time, we will see infill, or densification, resulting from either increased small cells in areas where there's -- they're capacity-challenged, where consumers essentially are consuming the LTE capacity that's now available on the macro site. Or, now a redeployment of capital back into adding additional sites that may have been on the list for a long time, but would be prioritized, based upon the need to go ahead and get the original first cut sort of LTE deployment overlay done, and now they've come back and addressed the obvious places that, for some time, they've needed some help, which is handled first and foremost by macro sites and then, obviously, infill in more urban areas by small cells. So we're seeing that -- I would say almost in direct relation to where the carrier is in their LTE deployment. So that's about as far as I'll go with you, but you can sort of walk through, okay, where is everybody in their LTE deployment, and you can assume that's sort of how we're seeing this play out. The 4- to 5-month lag on application to revenue is pretty consistent; that hasn't really changed over time. I mean -- and there's some variables in there that we control, and there's some variables in there that are out of our control, things like, again, availability of equipment, zoning, availability of crews. I mean, there's just a lot of things that have to happen there. Consents from landlords. Just a long list of things that typically on average takes in that 4- to 5-month recognition period. So I'd say that's pretty consistent.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Sure. On the acquisition front, as Jay mentioned, there's always things in the pipeline. And there's a couple of, I'd call them medium-sized things that were looking at. I think Jay used to -- about 3% of assets that's about right. We would have effectively fund that out of cash flow. And so that's why we're looking at maybe holding off a little bit until we know the end of -- the outcome on those. But in general, I'd say the industry, if I could editorialize for a minute, has gotten pretty comfortable with third-party ownership of independent towers. And we own, as an industry, a very significant component of the cell sites in the U.S. that are made available on a shared basis. And that model is working very well and is a very cost-effective and efficient way for carriers to occupy their infrastructure. So look, I think that's well established and certainly will continue. With respect to the DISH and Sprint discussions or Softbank or anyone else that you might hear about on radio or TV, seemingly every day, that wants access to wireless networks and ultimately, consumers. It's very heartening for us that when we hear about those discussions and it just describes to us or confirms that the fundamental value that's resident in these wireless networks way above and beyond what's evident today. And so whether you talk about DISH for their obvious business purpose around an augmentation to their satellite TV strategy, whether you talk about Softbank or any other technology company that constantly is looking for access to wireless consumers through devices, the whole mobile technology wave to us is very exciting and suggests a long-term run here on the need, the necessity to access the infrastructure that we own. And again, I keep coming back to this shared model because we think it's a very attractive way to provide infrastructure on a common or a shared basis to these carriers, a very efficient way. And it's not just resident in wireless. I mean, there's a number of other example where that's the case. So we are very excited about the long-term prospects and there's things out there on the horizon that we don't talk about or certainly don't put in our forecast. I would include FirstNet in that discussion. So lots more to come in our expectation.
W. Benjamin Moreland: I don't think I'm going to touch that one. We like where we are. We like where we are and what we have. And the carriers, obviously, have their own business plans and they're working hard to do it. What we're focused on is making sure that we're the most efficient and cost-effective means for them to deploy their network to consumers, and that's what we are.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Sure. Simon, we are seeing some microwaves on sites, and that's contributing to the revenue growth we're seeing. And then in terms of predicting the mix of colos, I think, to a degree, is a function of sort of where we are in the deployment plans or progress with the various carriers on their LTE amendment. As we've noted, and we got out in front of some this pretty early with carriers on our sites, and so we've sort of come through the crest, if you will, on LTE amendment activity. And so I think the natural then is to come back to the colos. How we would predict that it continues, I mean, we can again, we can see where there are obvious needs. It's challenging to predict exactly how they prioritize their capital. Obviously, 4 months into the year now, we're very pleased with what we've seen. I would point out, though, that in the guidance, we were a little conservative. We didn't necessarily forecast that this level of activity continue the entire year. So we obviously had great results in the first quarter and we expect that, that will pick up, that will generate revenue, as Jay mentioned, in the third and fourth quarter, but we're still -- we're going to take this quarter at a time and see how it goes.
W. Benjamin Moreland: A little bit. That's is a difficult one. There is still a capital allocation discussion there that happens within each carrier. We do have, obviously, generator space. We've done share generator models in the past for carriers. It really comes down to a capital prioritization within the carrier. But we have, certainly, availability of ground space and the willingness to own and share generators, when that becomes the preferred approach. I mean, there's a lot of things going on between battery backup power, elevated platforms, mobile generators. And so we'll -- I think there's, obviously, been appropriate attention on the issue and we stand ready to help where we can.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Sure. In your first question, with regards to Clearwire, we did not put them in the original outlook in terms of expectations for additional leasing from them, and we've not included any in this current outlook, so no change there. On the timing, generally speaking, if a carrier is indicating that a site is going to be on air on a specific date or inside a specific quarter, the application would need to come to us 4 to 5 months ahead of that date in order to get them on air on their targeted date.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Most of the new construction CapEx that we're spending is related to small cell network deployment, and so I don't think you'll see us build a whole lot of towers this calendar year. Most of that will be related to spending on the small cell side, which we continue to find opportunities for. If I had to guess where we'll end up at the end of the year, it would probably somewhere in the neighborhood of about $150 million on new sites. As we've talked about, though, it's a bit of a soft outlook or soft guidance, because at the returns we're able to achieve in these building of new sites, whether that's small cells or towers, we'll do all that we can find. And so that $150 million is really our best estimate of where the opportunities are currently. And if more opportunities show up, we'd happily invest at a higher level than that.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Sure. It is contributing, it is positive to AFFO. We don't segment reports our small cell business, it's right inside of our tower business. So we try to get some color on some of the trend lines given the amount of capital investment we made last year and ongoing, but I'm not going to get into specifically how much it's contributing. On a growth basis, it's making a meaningful difference. As Ben talked about, disproportionate to its size, we're seeing a significant amount of activity and leasing associated with that business. So it's positively impacting AFFO and the flow through down through EBITDA.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Well, when you look at the average tenancy, it's a mixed bag. Because what's happening, given the number of new networks we're building, where we'll have a single tenant or maybe 2 tenants on day 1, it will bring down the overall average tenants per DAS network. As we look at the older systems that are on there, the vintage is exactly what we would expect. And as we compare that vintage to the legacy of towers, we're adding the second and third and fourth tenant at a rate faster than what we've historically been able to do with towers. And so if you were to track it on a system-by-system basis, you'd see a rate of growth on additional tenancy that looks better than what we've seen over the last 15 years in towers.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes. On the same tower sales, basically, that number is in the ballpark of about $150 million of cash and a little over half of that would be the cash escalators, and then organic growth would be the rest of that, Mike. And that would be separating out the significant ones that would be affecting that would be related to the T-Mobile acquisition that we did. If we go back and look at where the net prepaid -- the net straight-line impact was in the fourth quarter versus the first quarter, it's pretty similar. It moves about $3 million from the fourth quarter of 2012 in our favor in terms of higher cash, $2 million to $3 million from Q4 into Q1.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Well, if you separated the activity that drive prepaid, as I was mentioning, the construction activity and we spoke specifically about the fiber activity. If you were to strip that out, Mike, completely, that number, the total number today, is the drag on cash of about $135 million. And that includes the benefit we're getting currently because of the construction activity. If you were to take that number and forecast it out to 2016 and say that there was no benefit to the company from construction activity, so this would be a theoretical environment where there's no leasing activity and no construction activity going on, that drag goes from a drag to basically breakeven in 2016. And the trend line between today and then is a relatively straight line. And so as the construction activity happens, depending on the level of activity there, it's going to make that number get closer to breakeven in some period of time shorter than what it otherwise would if there no amount of construction activity. So I think underlying this, and maybe this is helpful just to back up a step, from a cash standpoint, looking at the $2.2 billion of cash revenue that we have, the average escalator there is just a hair under 4%. And so there's about $80 million a year of cash growth just coming from existing base of business. And that's going to happen on a relatively straight-line basis from now through the average term of the leases remaining, which is about 9 years, 8 to 9 years remaining. And so we'll see that cash growth flow through and that will drive down that straight-line revenue number.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes. No, I wouldn't agree with that. We're not seeing a push out. We're seeing a lot of work happen, again, that we are -- we've been on this amendment work for the last 2 years in a very big way. And so I would venture to guess, speculate with you that in 2013, we'll do less LTE amendments than we did last year, only because we're sort of getting through the halfway point of our overall portfolio and more, as we've talked about several times, significantly more co-location than we did last year. So as it relates to Crown's portfolio, obviously the only one we could speak to, I'd say we're probably pass the halfway point in aggregate between all 4 carriers combined. I'd say we're probably, this is unscientific, but we're probably right about halfway. And it's certainly not slowing down.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Well, let's sort of go back through that. Obviously, if the tower is our tower, we'll negotiate with ourselves. If it's a small cell, we'll have fiber in an area. So if it's a -- let's just take an outdoor situation where we have fiber, there's nothing technically precluding them from laying their own fiber, but that would be very cost inefficient relative to ourselves. We already have a shared model there and so the neutral host model, just as in the towers, is alive and well and working in our favor and making it more efficient for the carrier to operate on a small cell they would add to an existing network. And with respect to a building, the general rule is, on a building, we have an exclusive right. If we're in a public venue or stadium or basketball arena or something like that, then it's an exclusive right in partnership with the building owner or the municipality, where we're on a, typically, a revenue share basis and they have to work through Crown.
W. Benjamin Moreland: I think, certainly, positive. I mean, the opportunity to add additional capacity in the small cell is essentially what we're doing. There's a physical constraint sometimes on each individual pole, so you have to go next pole over if you're on an outside DAS system, just on based on zoning and just the physical limitation. But combining multiband is already happening. And in some cases, that's actually -- when we think of the vernacular of tenant, we try to get keep it simple. The tenants oftentimes in small cells is additional bands, additional slots in the box. And that's additional revenue.
W. Benjamin Moreland: I think with that we'll wrap it up. And again, I appreciate everybody's attention this morning and joining us on the call. We are very pleased with how the year has started off. And we look forward to visiting with you on the next quarter call. Thank you very much.
