Jay Brown: I think what you should expect is the path that we've been on now for the better course of the year. I think what you'll see us do is take the cash flow that we're producing in the business and invest that cash flow in some of the activities that I mentioned, be those share purchases, tower acquisitions, maybe increasing the amount, looking for opportunities around the distributed antenna systems and potentially even some more land purchases. I think as we think about the capacity that we're creating on the balance sheet, I don't expect us to take any of our cash flow and pay down debt. But I wouldn't necessarily expect us to go out in just a normal course, borrow more money to relever the business. So I think we'll trend towards about a 5x debt-to-EBITDA ratio. At that point, and I would say even today, as we look at acquisitions and assets, I think we're certainly comfortable keeping a similar level of leverage on the acquisition that we would undertake. So certainly there's a significant amount of capacity there as we start to look at larger acquisitions. I think we've talked about this in the past when we talk about leverage. I think it's the balance that we're trying to strike here, both in terms of giving ourselves a little bit more headroom, so that we have some capacity if there's an acquisition that we really want to do, that we can go and access the market. Obviously, at over three turns of adjusted EBITDA to cash interest expense coverage, we're well above anything we need to do in terms of leverage ratios and covenants, as well as comfort running the business. So we might see it tick up a little bit in order for us to win an acquisition, if we were interested in doing it, but I wouldn't suggest that you should expect us to see us add nominal levels of debt apart from an acquisition. I think we'll just delever a normal course, which is working out to be somewhere in the neighborhood of about a half a turn to three quarters of a turn per year. So by the end of 2011, I think we are at about 5x. And if we're growing EBITDA, as our guidance would suggest somewhere in the neighborhood of $80 million to $100 million a year, we maintain that level of leverage on the business, that's another $500 million of cash flow. So the combination of taking the $730 million a year of cash flow that's growing, plus the investment of maintaining leverage in and around 5x, should put our ongoing capacity somewhere in the neighborhood of $1 billion to $1.2 billion in the years forward. So hopely that's helpful as you think about modeling over a longer term.
Jay Brown: Well I think that our going in assumption would be to look at it in terms of somewhere in the neighborhood of about 5x. But I think we are, and have been, given the way we've run the business over time, if there was a different growth characteristic of an acquisition relative to the way our growth rates look in our business, we might be willing to take on a little bit more leverage to do it. I think that's probably in and around the range of maybe a turn at the most beyond that five turns. But I don't want to pin myself down to the point of saying that under no circumstances would we be interested in taking a little bit more leverage. I just think the normal course, what you're going to see us do is operate in and around the 5x and following any acquisition that we did, if we decided to take the leverage ratio up, associated with an acquisition, I think you would, after that point, see us again go back to operating and allowing the business to naturally delever. Not using cash flow to pay down debt, but the growth in EBITDA to naturally delever against the set nominal level of indebtedness and move back towards that 5x ratio.
Jay Brown: John, on that question, what I would say -- maybe it's helpful to just kind of go through the total amount that I talked about for 2011, the $275 million. I think we'll probably spend somewhere in the neighborhood of about $150 million on land purchases for the full year. We'll spend about the same level we expect for revenue-generating CapEx on our existing sites. Keeping in mind, that's the CapEx that we spend basically to add additional tenants to our existing sites. It may be up $10-or-so million, but in and around the same level as we've spent in 2010. And then the last, I think, meaningful component there is the amount that we'll spend on new sites, and we're hoping to spend somewhere in the neighborhood of $45 million to $50 million. The vast majority of that will be on distributed antenna systems.
Jay Brown: That's correct, Rick. It's about $6 million at the EBITDA line and a little over $8 million at the site rental revenue line.
Jay Brown: Rick, I think you've correctly noted that our business has performed very well over the last several years. And we'll just have to get into the the year and see. Obviously, the carriers as they roll out their budgets as the beginning of any calendar year and start to work on what markets are they going to deploy and how they're going to do that, we'll start to see some of that and the carriers will have those budgets probably laid out by market towards the latter half of the first quarter, and we'll just have to see how it goes. As we get into the balance of the year, there are certainly a number of positives. As Ben was mentioning in his prepared remarks, in the broader the environment, all of those will click upside [ph]. The timing of which those will impact us, I think your guess is probably as good as ours at this point. So we'll see how the year develops.
Jay Brown: James, sure, let me take a crack at that. On the M&A side, I don't know that we've seen enough significantly-sized transactions to have an updated view on valuation, about whether it's changed up or down. Obviously, there's facts and circumstances around each individual transaction you'll look at, how occupied the sites are, how many tenants per tower they are, which tend to drive obviously the fewer tenants per tower, the lower revenue or margins per tower, the higher expected multiple just as a general rule with the expectation of adding revenue and bringing that multiple back down. Obviously less per tower and the price. And the converse is also true. The higher-occupied sites would typically have a lower multiple. But I'm not sure we've seen anything of any size lately that would give us an opinion whether that's moved dramatically. In terms of our interest in looking at something of any size, absolutely, we have an interest, and we've got plenty of financing capacity, and we'll do what we've always done, which is take a very hard look at something and see if we think it adds value to the firm long-term compared to alternatives that we have. We don't necessarily have a bias about whether you're buying carrier towers or you're buying sort of as you say tower company multi-tenant towers. For the most part, virtually everything that's been built in the last seven or eight years, whether by carriers or by the tower companies have been multi-tenant capable. What's most important are the locations. And so we'll do a very thorough scrub of the location of a prospective position to try to make a determination around leasing. And what that upside looks like relative to our other alternatives including buying our own stock for our own towers, as we've talked about for years. And so that's really how we'll look at it. We have an active interest. We have an active team looking in the market and we expect you'll see more to come there.
Jay Brown: Sure, Simon. I don't have anything new to report on international other than to tell you that we do continue to look at other transactions internationally. If for no other reason, to stay educated and to confirm our view that we are very pleased in the two large markets that we currently operate, the U.S. and Australia. So I don't have anything to share with you there. Although as I always say, we will never foreclose that notion and we see something we want to do, we'll certainly do it. Risk adjusted returns are very important to us. On the DAS front, we're very pleased with what we see. The team there is very busy. We've integrated our own DAS team into the NewPath organization called the Crown DAS organization today. There's about 45 individuals there that are going very hard. We're working hard to leverage our own power sales force into that business and are very pleased with the pipeline we see developing there and the willingness of carriers to undertake DAS architecture as the right solution for areas that you just need more capacity than you can ultimately get with maybe a distance macro site -- a tower site where you can otherwise locate a tower site closer. And we see a very large pipeline there. I have said before and I'll say it again, and this is something of a challenge to our team. We hope and expect that we can add sort of 1 percentage point to our revenue growth from that business for a while, which is not insignificant for something as small as it is to start with. And from there, we'll see where it goes, but we're pleased upfront with what we see.
Jay Brown: It really is remarkable in the business to continue to be able to produce over 90% incremental margins. We've done that through a combination -- obviously revenue growth and the amount of revenue growth that we've had is really helpful on that. Back to my prior comments, with land lease expense going up contractually somewhere in the neighborhood of 2% to 3% per year. And I think what we do when we give our initial outlook is what we believe for the year and then we worked really hard on the cost side to try to hold it lower than that. So someone in the neighborhood I think the guidance as you mentioned is 89% incremental margins, and we're doing everything we can to push those through 90 and make them as high as we possibly can. Appreciate the comment on G&A, and you're right, we have held our cash G&A expense flat to down over the last several years and are continuing to look for opportunities to do that. I think if we continue to manage that, I think as a percentage of revenue, we would expect that G&A will continue to fall as a percent of overall revenues as we grow revenues and also as we look to sort of hold that cost in and around the level that we are currently.
Jay Brown: I don't know that it'll really change our approach with how to deploy DAS capital. Those projects are bid and worked out over a long period of time so the pipeline is relatively long, probably doesn't hit this calendar year. I think broadly, in the space as carriers look to deploy capital to the extent that they'll accelerate it -- I think they're accelerating it largely more for the macro trends that are happening in the wireless space to the extent that they try to bring some of what they would have otherwise done in '12 into 2011. That would be great for us and I would imagine you'll have a number of folks start to look at that as the year progresses. I think it's important to note that that's probably more impactful if you start to think about what will happen in the back half for the last quarter of the year. It's probably more impactful frankly to our run rate revenues going into 2011 and it wouldn't necessarily move our overall outlook for the full year.
Jay Brown: And Brett, obviously in addition to what Ben said on the last question I think really applies here. When you acquire assets in locations where you already have those, it allows us to more efficiently leverage the G&A that we already have in place.
Jay Brown: It's roll out, and we would expect to see comparatively more this year than last on both of those customers that you mentioned. And we certainly acknowledge it's early, early stages but I had an experience the other day sitting next to someone with a 4G laptop card, and I've already gone out and gotten my new one. So it's a game-changing technology if you haven't played with it, and I think you'll see as we mentioned in our remarks, there's 50 devices announced to be on the market this year, and so I think it's so early we really don't appreciate what it's going to look like, but if you've played with an LTE 4G device or perhaps a WiMAX device and Clear, as we also have a subscription that we play with here in the office. It's a game-changing type technology, and I think you'll see significant take-up and we see or have expectations for greater activity this year than last out of those two sort of incumbent carriers.
Jay Brown: Gray, we're not seeing them decommission sites, currently our council leases, they're continuing to renew leases as they come up today.
W. Moreland: Jason, just on your second question in terms of pacing the 4G deployments. I would observe that the normal pattern that we saw with 3G continues to hold, which is typically the carriers will roll out a market and then very quickly come back and do infill sites to deepen their penetration in that market, the density and the capacity of the network, as the consumer load grows. And then you also see amendments on the existing sites as well. So it's directly related to the consumer take-up ultimately, and we're still in the very early days of this. But early expectations would be that we're going to see a very similar pattern of somewhat of a thin launch and then a continual enhancement of the networks in the existing cities, as well as obviously continuing to launch additional markets.
W. Moreland: Well, I think with any of the carriers today, the number of towers that they own is a small fraction of their overall network. And so anytime a carrier is doing something in a major market, it's a significant opportunity for us in that market. So I'm not certain that they actually can prioritize their own sites. Now obviously, they hit their own sites when they can, of course, but that's a small fraction of any of their overall networks and so I don't think that's a real material component. It's obviously a location-based business. And given our exposure in the top markets, we see a lot of activity, whether it's the initial overlay or the follow-on infill build.
W. Moreland: None that I'm aware of and certainly wouldn't talk about it by name if I could. But we're very pleased with the agreement we'd struck and we described on the last quarter call. I think some of you might ask, would you do another one? Certainly, on the right terms. And we don't have anything brewing of that type at the moment.
W. Moreland: I think relative to your first question, in terms of the outlook and the customer contract that we announced last quarter and what the impact that has on our outlook. As we talked about it, we did a transaction with one of the major carriers in the U.S. And it was related to amendment activity on sites that they were already on, for which they paid us what we believe to be a healthy and appropriately priced amount for the amendments, as they rolled out 4G. The impact of that has, if you think -- and let's just go up to 40,000 feet, talk about the drivers of revenue growth for a second. As I talked about in my comments, we think from 2010 to 2011, total revenue growth is around 8%. The 2% of that is coming off of the existing base of business, net of any churn that happened in the business. And then a little less than 6% is coming from organic growth. If you get a little bit more granular in the organic growth drivers, about 30% to 40% in any given year of the organic growth, that 6% number that I'm speaking about, about 30% to 40% of that comes from amendment activity generally. And then the remaining 60% to 70% comes from brand-new tenants being installed on those towers. So the impact to the outlook would be around that 30% to 40% of amendment activity from one of the carriers. Presumably, and we would expect this in our outlook, we'll continue to get additional revenues from the other carriers that we've not done a similar deal with. So the impact frankly is relatively muted. If you're trying to figure out, okay, what would the growth rate have been if we hadn't done that, it's relatively muted. Obviously we already got most of that in the run rate. I think with regards to your second question and the momentum change, certainly as we have talked about in past calls, the slowdown we really saw from the emerging carriers started in late summer time of 2010, and we really haven't seen a pickup in that activity yet. As I referenced in my prepared remarks, we think that there is potential for upside from them. But that's probably towards the latter half of 2011 as they continue to work on deployment plans in the next phase of their buildout. You referenced the LightSquared announcement that they've made, and their intention certainly, as they've stated publicly, to get out and get a couple of three touch markets launched in the third quarter of this year, as well as build out 100 million POPs by the end of 2012, we'll obviously be working hard to satisfy that customer's demand as they focus on the market. But I think at this point, the visibility that we have towards that is relatively limited, which is why we have really a minimal impact on our outlook for '11 from those emerging carriers, and we're just going to have to see how the year develops.
W. Moreland: Sure and they've been public in their discussion around their vision project. And we're involved in conversations with them,David, and are quite pleased with where that's going. We don't ultimately discuss specific contact details with you and divulge that in terms of customers, but we're quite pleased with what we see and believe that the configuration that they want to put up will certainly add efficiency to their network -- capacity to their network. It will also result in additional revenue for us, and that's where we're headed. Along with that, just to probably answer your next question or maybe someone else's, they have an acknowledged desire to have flexibility around the iDEN sites. They somewhat have that anyway, because the average life on the remaining iDEN leases is sort of in the three or four-year range anyway, which somewhat conforms to their expectations of when they might want to decommission or repurpose those sites. And so they'll gain that flexibility that they effectively already have through some kind of agreement we would contemplate moving forward with them. But if you think about the additional charge for the configuration of the CDMA site, we think it's about a push net-net when you wash through the configuration charge and the churn, the flexibility that they would have. Obviously to the extent that they don't ultimately use the churn flexibility and repurpose those sites for CDMA purposes, well then obviously we wouldn't see that negative impact.
W. Moreland: You're right, Rick. And we've got in the guidance for full-year 2011 approximately $103 million of non-cash interest expense. The majority of that would be the amortization of the swaps that we've already settled. So obviously they were cash at one point, but in the forward numbers, we don't have any other cash liabilities associated with that. So I think there are -- what we have done when we picked the recurring cash flow per share metric and I realized some like to look at it different ways. We picked the metric because we thought that it was the best predictor of what ultimately an FFO-like per share metric would look like in our business. And so as we look out four, five, six, seven years from now at a time at which we're looking at reconversion somewhere in the neighborhood of the 2015, 2016 timeframe when our NOLs expire, we think that RCF per share is a pretty good metric to give an indication to investors as to how much cash is available to be distributed to shareholders, be that through the form of share buybacks or dividend payments. And so, I think as we proceed, I've had a number of investors ask me whether or not we would convert to some sort of FFO metric over time. Certainly not opposed to that. And I think the other thing I would mention is to the extent that you want to try to narrow down and see exactly kind of where the cash is coming out of the business and how it moves from quarter-to-quarter. Obviously I think the best place to see that is in the cash flow from operating activities statement that we provide in the press release, which is really pretty close to where our RCF per share metric is. But I would continue to just encourage people to look at that RCF per share metric as it sort of takes into account all of the non-cash items, both moving for us and against us. And the net number there is real close to what actual cash coming out of the business is.
W. Moreland: Mike, that's a great question. One of the primary reasons that we are pretty excited about the efforts that we've undertaken on our land leases. If you look at the income statement, the largest expense line item that we have is interest expense. We just talked about that with Rick on the -- it was about $400 million of cash interest expense from the business. Virtually all of that is fixed-rate debt with an average maturity of about eight years. So we wouldn't expect that number to move around much for the next seven to eight years. The next largest expense line item is ground lease expense which is $300 million of our expenses. And the normal escalations in the ground lease like our revenue side is about a 3% to 4% per year. Now much of that is fixed escalators and so we straight line that over a long period of time. You don't see in any given lease a movement as much from year-to-year. And as the portfolio rolls or it goes into a new term, you get a step up in that expense that would be above cash and then it goes back towards cash over time. So what I think we would say about this, given the number of transactions that we've done, longer-term I think we feel pretty good that we can maintain total operating costs, direct operating costs on the tower line somewhere in the neighborhood, something south of about 3% growth per year and we're starting to feel really comfortable, given the amount of transactions that we've done on the land lease side, but there aren't a lot of leases left that we would expect a meaningful step and rent that would cause that number to change by any significant amount. So I think if you -- it gives us a lot more uncertainty around being able to model operating expenses over a long period of time. And I think I would say continue to model it somewhere in the neighborhood of 2% to 3% growth on land lease and the other operating expenses probably grow at about 3% per year.
W. Moreland: I would just add for those on the operating side who are maybe interested in our back office, we've become much more efficient, and it's our management teams contention that we have some capacity where you could add assets without even a remote growth in G&A that you might otherwise feel is consistent with the adding of the assets. And so there's some scalability that's built in now through efficiency and automation that is why we've been able to hold it flat. But even on top of holding it flat to down, I feel like we've got some capacity resident in the organization. Some of that will go to work on the DAS businesses as you can imagine as we have high expectations for that, but otherwise could add tower assets with very little change in nominal G&A.
W. Moreland: I guess it'd be halfway in between, Brett, is what I'd say. I think you are overthinking it a little bit in terms of, if I had more sites in the market, would I do more than 2x, more than what they would do independently? No I wouldn't suggest that to you. But I do believe that having assets in the top 100 markets in the major cities are very attractive. And so when you think about the simple accretion dilution analysis, it's certainly more than whatever the headline multiple on the daily close, because those sites definitely perform differently based on location. We've tracked that in our own company. Obviously, we have a pretty significant sample size 22,000 sites over a long period of time, and we are pretty good at predicting what that lease up opportunity looks like and therein lies how we ultimately will come to value that portfolio.
W. Moreland: Well, certainly in the normal course, they would roll through their renewal terms everyday, given the thousands of sites across -- I guess we've got about, I don't know, 16,000 sites with the greater Sprint, both on iDEN and CDMA. So obviously that's one of the requests, is that we sort of gather all those Nextel or iDEN licenses and make them co-terminus and give them an ability to churn on a date certain or anytime thereafter. And the average life of the portfolio today is another sort of three to four years. So really all they're asking for is the ability to bring all those into sort of one logical transition that they can make. There's a negotiation that's ensuing around that, as well as the capacity that they would like to consume with their new configuration on 3G sites on the CDMA sites. And so as I mentioned, that flexibility on the Nextel side that they will likely -- sort of the fact that they already have that will clean up for them and make it tidy, we think is about a revenue push with the new revenue we would expect on the CDMA side and that's assuming that they do in fact exercise the right to terminate all those sites sort of in the three- to five-year time frame. If you would assume that they don't all terminate -- in fact some get repurposed and there's, I think, no way for any of us, even Sprint, to say for sure what would happen in three to five years. Then obviously, you wouldn't have that negative impact out on that time frame, and it would be more positive than that.
W. Moreland: I think, with that, we're on the hour. And I want to thank everyone for their attention and interest in Crown. And we look forward to speaking with you again either on the conference circuit or on this call next quarter. Thank you.
