Dan Schlanger: Sure, Brett. Thanks for the questions. So the higher OpEx is related to the bigger pipeline of small cells as we continue to build out that pipeline and increase it and increase the velocity of that. We do have to add some OpEx to continue to add to our capabilities to deliver on those nodes. And to your point of when will we see some visibility and when it will kind of slow down, the increase will slow down, it really depends on how quickly we book nodes. If we continue to see increases in the activity levels, we would likely see increases in the OpEx. But we think those are more than made up for by the incremental revenues we’re going to make over time. I think the issue that we’ve pointed to in the past is that many times, the capital and the OpEx come before the revenues, and that’s kind of what you’re seeing here. And then
Dan Schlanger: The AT&T deal, yes, just – it was signed in time for us to get the impact economically into the first quarter. So the reason it impacted our first quarter is because it had an impact on what our revenues were in the first quarter. So there’s no specifics around that other than it impacted our first quarter.
Dan Schlanger: I think you can see in the supplement that T-Mobile is around 19% and Sprint around 14% of our total revenues at this point. The disclosure we gave last time was around how much – when they were both on one tower, overlapping towers, that number is around 5% of our revenues, taking into account the churn that we already assumed in our forecast and talked about from acquired networks.
Dan Schlanger: And Ric, as Jay pointed out earlier, I think – sorry to interrupt, but just as Jay pointed out earlier, I think all of this gives us just more confidence in our ability to continue to grow our dividend over time. As we are signing these agreements, we are moving from what is potential new activity to contracted new activity, and that provides a greater level, as you just said, level of certainty around the business that we have.
Dan Schlanger: Yes. So we did the March equity raise. That obviously is in our guidance. We filed an aftermarket program, but that does not speak to whether we will actually use that or not in any given period. It gives us the ability to go out and market equity. What we said after the March deal was it got us down to what was really close to our target leverage rate range. And as we move out through 2018, we’ll continue to add EBITDA and have capital expenditures that are all included in what we have given as outlook. And we think that we are comfortable with where our leverage profile is now.
Dan Schlanger: Yes. So we have – just to be clear on what we do with guidance, when we think about the guidance going forward, it has a lot of assumptions about how we finance the business, and we try to be very consistent with that over time. Where we are in guidance now, as we pointed out, is that some of the guidance change that happened was because we did the March equity, and it reduced the interest expense but it increased the share count. So I think where we are with guidance now at $5.50 is inclusive of all the financing activity that we anticipate.
Dan Schlanger: And Mike, I think as Jay pointed out earlier, it’s hard to take exactly from straight-line and try to make that into just exactly what the activity is. Although it could be higher than that, and this is kind of the low end or the baseline of it. What we’re looking at, as we’ve been talking about, is the fact that this is pushing in a lot of the activity that we had been counting on into a contracted element. And something that we’re really excited about is the fact that we now see lots of clarity and understand where we’re going to go over the next several years with one of our largest customers. And we’ve solved some of their issues and we’ve gotten some economics from it, and we feel really good about where we are. It’s just hard to see exactly in the straight-line number and try to predict exactly what’s going to happen with the activity. What we believe it is a signal of, though, is, as we’ve been talking about, increasing levels of activity across a multiyear period that we have more visibility into at this point.
Dan Schlanger: Yes. Thanks, Walt. It’s not going to decline over the year. It is going to be higher. But about half of that, about $40 million of it, is related to the purchase accounting around Lightower, and so it’s included in our acquisition bucket, not in our new leasing bucket.
Dan Schlanger: There’s $10 million of it that would be in the acquisition bucket because it’s related to the acquisition of Lightower. So the previous statement we made is that there was about the same year-over-year in our new leasing, and that is still the statement, is that the amount of prepaid in our new leasing is consistent from a dollar basis year-on-year.
Dan Schlanger: Yes, it’s the same number as what we book in prepaid. We ultimately get in – what we book in upfront prepaid is what we ultimately get in prepaid rent amortization. Look, and just to be clear, though, it’s not cash at that point because the cash is coming upfront. So we get the cash upfront as a reimbursement of CapEx, and then we amortize that over the course of the life of the contract.
Dan Schlanger: So I’m going to try to change your example a little bit. It’s not that we collect more CapEx than what we spend in order to get a return. It’s that, in order to get our return, we get revenues and we get reimbursed a portion of our CapEx. So if we spend $10 million on anything, we would get some portion of the $10 million reimbursed to us, and then we would make our return over time by making revenues from that customer. So let’s say of the $10 million, we get $2 million reimbursed. That $2 million is then amortized over the life of the contract.
Dan Schlanger: Yes, Amy. The guidance we’ve given – you can look at the full year guidance, and that would give you a good base for what to use going forward. I think your question around when it would drop down or at least to see the leverage, look, what we’re looking at is, as Jay pointed out, a potentially highly increasing level of activity to the extent that 5G comes in. And what we’re trying to do is position ourselves to have the right assets and the right capabilities to take on that demand and, ultimately, that market opportunity. And what we’re excited about is that we have so much of that coming our way, and we’ve positioned ourselves uniquely to have the right assets to ultimately take advantage of that opportunity. And as that continues, if we continue to add small cells at a pace that’s greater than what we’ve added to them in the past, we might have to add expenses, and we’ll certainly have to continue to add capital. But those will all be investments that will be included in what we look at in terms of the returns we get. And what we’re seeing is those returns are much in excess of our cost of capital over time. And with the potential increase in 5G, it would be even more upside for us. So what we’re excited about is exactly that, is that we’re in a good position to take advantage of that upside, and that may require – or will require additional capital and may require additional expenses. But at some point, we do think that, that will turn, and we’ll have most of the capital in place, most of the fiber in place and will come down on that expense – those expense levels and the incremental capital needed. But that may be years from now, depending on when this opportunity plays out, and we, frankly, hope that it is years from now because that will just mean we get to take advantage of more and more of the opportunities that are set in front of us.
Dan Schlanger: Yes. And Robert, as Jay mentioned in the past, the last time we gave that number was around 25,000 and 25,000. So we put 5,000 additional on air and booked an additional 10,000 in order to get to those two numbers.
Dan Schlanger: Yes, Spencer. I’ll just say that those are all within the ranges that we gave, and getting into the $2 million to $3 million specificity is not something we’re going to do on a quarter-to-quarter basis within our guidance. So we’re just trying to keep it within the ranges, and everything you’re talking about is in that range because otherwise, then we would just give the midpoint as the only point. So it’s just in the range is what I would say.
Dan Schlanger: Yes. So that was where I was going to go with it. I think Jay was talking about more on the small cell side. So just to try to break out the businesses overall, towers, we’ve said that the new leasing activity is around $110 million this year; escalators, around the neighborhood of 3%; and churn is in the neighborhood of 1% to 2%. On small cells, we’re seeing about $55 million of new leasing for this year. Escalators are about half of what we see in towers, about 1.5% on average. The churn is in that 1% to 2% range, very low. And then on fiber solutions, specifically, we’re at $45 million of new leasing activity across our business, and the escalators are zero, and churn is in the mid- to high single digits per year range, so 7%, 8%, 9% per year. We think that those are all very attractive businesses. And as Jay was pointing out before, with small cells getting those returns that Jay was talking about, which were double what we saw in the same maturity cycle of towers, the ability to add something like the fiber solutions revenue to it that generates returns in and of itself is really an attractive place for us to be. It allows us to expand that shared infrastructure model to lower the cost to any one user by sharing it across multiple users. And the reason we’re able to get the same pricing on the second tenant as we are in the first in a small cell system is basically, we’re subsidizing that first tenant with the expectation a second, third and fourth tenant may come. So they’re getting a lower price than they could get if they were doing it themselves or using somebody else, and we’re passing that along by deferring that cost over more customers than just that first tenant.
Dan Schlanger: It’s generally a good run rate. We’re seeing incremental fiber demand as we talk, but it’s not a significant number in the capital that would change where we are overall.
Jay Brown: Thanks, Simon. To your first question, I’d point out two things. First of all, as we look at calendar year 2018 and the guidance that we provided for 2018, it is an acceleration already over the levels that we saw in 2017. And we’re seeing that across all components of the business. On the towers side, the wireless carriers this year are doing much more on macro sites than what they did last year. And then on the fiber side, both from solutions as well as from small cells, we’re seeing an uplift in the amount of incremental revenues that we’re adding across the fiber assets this year as compared to last year. So all components are already up in the outlook that we’re giving. More certainly, in the comments about the accelerating leasing environment, I certainly intend to capture that movement from 2017 to 2018 in the way that I spoke about it. I think it’s also the case that as we look at what’s happening in the broader environment, both longer-term, as I talked about, from a 5G standpoint. So some of the customer leasing agreements that we signed and the activity that we’re seeing around the business, that portends an increase from where we are. Now I would caution you in answering that question that oftentimes, in our business, people look for inflection points, and they look for some – in any given quarter, whether there’s going to be this meaningful step in leasing and activity. And my experience – I’ve been at Crown since 1999, and I have found those inflection points to be very rare, both for the positive and to the negative. And as I look at the landscape and what we’re seeing, what I see suggests a very long runway of sustained investment and growth in our business. And that’s what gives us confidence around our 7% to 8% growth in the dividends per share over a long period of time because there are a lot of components that look like we’ve got greater visibility and increasing leasing. So we’re trying to take a balanced view and say, over a long period of time, we feel pretty good about the 7% to 8%. And I think what we’re saying today and reflecting in both the comments and the press release as well as our prepared comments is that I think we’re more confident about what that growth looks like over a longer period of time, and so I think that’s there. The last thing, in answer to your second question around all four of the carriers, we are seeing activity from all four of the carriers. In any given quarter, it certainly varies in terms of how much we see from any one carrier. But we’re seeing activity across macro sites and small cells from all four of the wireless carriers and believe, based on the recent customer agreements that we’ve signed as well as the activity that we’re seeing from them, that we’re going to go through a period here where we do see activity from all four operators for a sustained period of time.
Jay Brown: Sure. On your first question, I don’t believe there is anything novel, really, here. We approached these agreements in the same way that we’ve done them in the past, same core principles in mind. We’re trying to help our customers identify solutions that help them improve their networks and do those both cost-effectively and efficiently in terms of time while not compromising our ability to capture the appropriate economics in the business. I believe in all cases, the transactions that we’ve done over the last year or so, those have enabled us to realize at least as much value as what we otherwise would have if we had just gone kind of a one at a time. So I don’t believe there’s anything new or novel associated with the agreements. I think we’re running the same play that we’ve run for 20 years, being thoughtful about the value of the asset and the value that they’re using on those assets and then providing a shared model that drives both our returns and is a cost-effective way for them to deploy network. On the second question, specifically, that agreement, obviously, was publicly filed when we announced that transaction. We didn’t provide a free RAD Center to AT&T, and so I’m not sure the nature of that question. But what I would say holistically, going back to kind of my first comments, would be that, again, as we thought about it, we thought about valuation, value of the towers and small cells and what that would look like over time and believe we’ve realized at least as much value as we otherwise would have if we had just gone one at a time.
Jay Brown: Dave, I don’t think I want to get into the specifics of how we structured them. Again, there was really two driving goals hearing the conversation from the carrier side. They were looking for time and certainty around the cost of deployments and what they saw in front of them. And then we need to realize appropriate economic value for the use of the asset, and we’re open to being flexible about how we accomplish those two goals based on each customer’s needs. And I would expect we’ll continue to do that into the future as we’ve done in the past.
Jay Brown: Sure, Jon. On your first question, again, I would go back to kind of the holistic comment. If you look at our tower business and small cell business over a long period of time, there is very, very low churn in that business. And so while someone might look at the contractual terms of those agreements, I would tend to look at the way we’ve looked at the business over a long period of time and believe that, that infrastructure is going to be there long after the current expiry of the current term in which they’re in. And so at times, the carriers have desired to extend maturities, and other times, they haven’t. And I think the two guiding principles that I mentioned are the way that we would think about the agreement and we’ll be flexible with customers, depending on what their desires are. Secondly, in terms of the change of escalator, we did not change the base escalator in the agreements that we signed with customers. So as we thought about components of the agreements, we certainly believe that’s a very valuable component of the leasing exchange that’s done for the assets and the underlying value of the assets. And so that did not change as a part of these agreements.
Jay Brown: Ric, I think there’s a couple of components of this that – first, I would basically affirm where you’re, I think, directionally trying to take the question around. It certainly gets greater certainty to the – our expectation of growth over time, and that’s really consistent with the comments that we’re making. I would probably caution anyone from quarter-to-quarter movements of trying to draw too many inferences five or six years from now because there’s obviously a number of components that affect that. How many small cell nodes we turn on in the quarter, what is the leasing activity in any given quarter can obviously move – can move those numbers along with these, as we were talking about before, some of the customer agreements that we signed. But I think the directional nature of your question, I would affirm and say, yes, we’ve increased the certainty of growth around our business. And in addition to the kind of the certainty component, I think we’re also seeing activity that would suggest a sustained increased level of activity in the business over the foreseeable future.
Jay Brown: Sure. Generally, on the tower side, it’s six to nine months it takes us from the time we get an application until we have it on air. It will be on the shorter end of that for amendments and longer end if we’re doing a brand-new co-location on an existing tower. In the small cells, we’ve given the average of 18 to 24 months after the booking occurs in some geographies. Depending on how difficult it is to get it up, it would be longer than that. In places where it’s a co-location, in a market that we’ve done a lot of work in, it may be on the shorter side of that. So it’s a mix, but I think somewhere in the 18 to 24 months is the right time line to use for small cells and six to nine months is the best time line to use for towers.
Jay Brown: Sure. Thanks, Matthew. On the first question, the pipeline was driven by activity across all four of the operators, and we’re – our intention of giving the number was to be able to give you a sense of – we’re obviously putting nodes on air, and I think the math would roughly play out where we’ve put about 5,000-ish nodes on air roughly over the last year or so since we talked about the size of the pipeline. And then we’ve added about 10,000 more nodes to the pipeline to be constructed over future dates. So to give you a sense of kind of the activity relative to the pace at which we’re putting them on air and all four of the operators are driving that increase in pipeline as well as all four of the operators saw the benefit of some of the nodes that were put on during the last 12 months or so. Around how we’re thinking about markets, generally speaking, I would say the majority of both the CapEx and the nodes that we’re receiving are going to be in markets that were already in, in those top 25 markets, although expanding the footprint of those markets. What we have seen happen, and this continues, we’ve seen this happen the last six or seven years, when we first started investing in small cells, is there tends to be an initial investment in the most dense components of a given market. And then as investment happens over time, that investment spreads from city centers, maybe potentially central business districts, out into – further into the community and further away from those central business districts. We’ve seen that pattern continue as the business has grown. So for the most part, the capital that we see in front of us in the medium term, the short term, that’s going to be largely in the markets that we’re already in. I do believe, based on the activity and growth in data, there’s going to be a need for small cells beyond the top 25 markets, and we would expect to see, over time, the carriers expand their desire and need to deploy small cells beyond the top 25 markets. But the capital decisions that we’ve made today and the vast majority of the operating activity that you’re seeing us perform, that’s primarily in the top 25 markets. And specifically to your comment around why are we making the comment around organic build, we’re expanding the footprint that we either acquired or have built today in order to cover needs in those – largely in those top 25 markets.
Jay Brown: Nick, I would tell you, over the long term, the reason why you’ve heard mixed messages is because there’s mixed approaches. The carriers have different approaches, and they take different approaches by market. Ultimately, they’re trying to cost-effectively deploy the network in ways that make their network most efficient. And so depending on their spectrum position in the market, the amount of demand on those networks, they will make differing decisions. So the fact that you’re hearing mixed answers is a pretty accurate way of describing the way it is ultimately deployed.
Jay Brown: I mean, municipalities are obviously a component of what that time line when we talked about 18 to 24 months to deploy small cells. And similar to – if we were having this conversation 20 years ago, I think people would have asked a similar question about the deployment of towers. It is certainly a barrier to entry, and it’s certainly something we have to navigate in the process of building the infrastructure. I don’t know that I would necessarily describe the municipalities as becoming more difficult. What I would describe is the scale at which we’re doing this over as many markets as we’re deploying this infrastructure means there’s more conversation in social media and in the press about the activities happening. We’re pretty committed to working with municipalities because we want to be a long-term player in the market. And so following whatever rules, zoning and planning rules that they have in place is something we’re committed to doing. We’re going to do it the right way and be a good partner over a long period of time. And I have not found the difficulties, as you described them, with municipalities to be something that, in any way, inhibits our returns or our ability to deploy the infrastructure. It’s a matter of going through the process and ensuring we’re following the right rules and regulations of particular municipalities and working with them constructively to provide for some of the aesthetics that they desire and, at the same time, getting the infrastructure that’s really needed to get that deployed on a timely basis.
Jay Brown: Mike, you were breaking out in some components of the question, but I think I got the basic gist of it. The short answer is that’s a baseline of the level of activity. Obviously, what we straight-line would be the committed component or some portion of the committed component of the activity. And there is upside from there, and that would be true across all of the customer agreements that we’ve signed.
Jay Brown: Yes. Well, you can look in the first quarter and see where the change in straight-line happened, and the vast majority of that was on the tower side.
Jay Brown: Amy, our historical average has been we’ve been adding about 2.5 nodes per mile of fiber. Among those 30,000 nodes, there’s a component of those nodes that are – as I mentioned in my comments, about half of the nodes that we added to the pipeline in the first quarter were going on existing fiber, so we would expect very little to no additional fiber needed there. And then for the other half, that’s an expansion of the fiber footprint. And to extend that out to the whole pipeline of 30,000, we have a mix in there of new markets that we’re building, as I was speaking to earlier, as well as co-location. So we will – the fiber need is dependent upon whether we’re expanding in new market or co-locating on existing.
Jay Brown: Robert, the 18 to 24 months, we give that as a number, roughly the two-year number, as an indication of how long it takes us on average across all of the activity that we’re seeing. As I mentioned earlier, if it’s a co-location on existing fiber, it’s probably inside of that time line. And if it’s brand-new constructed fiber, it very well may be outside of that time line. So we’re just trying to give you a sense of average, when we give you a new pipeline number and activity, how far we are away from actually receiving revenue and cash flow associated with that. That’s the purpose of doing that. I would tell you the biggest driver of that time line, though, would be things related to the zoning and planning process and the difficulty of going through the real estate process of that. So if we think about the actual – how long does it actually take us to construct the node once all the permits are in place, that’s a relatively short component of that overall time line. We spend most of the time – most of that period of time really working on what you would think of as the soft costs associated with that of gaining the permits and construction rights to deploy the infrastructure.
Jay Brown: We’re about 60,000 total on air or in the pipeline, so we’re about 30,000 that have been put on air and about 30,000 in the pipeline.
Jay Brown: Yes. I appreciate the question, Spencer, because this is sort of part and parcel of the way we think about capital allocation. The reason why we’ve invested in fiber is because we think it enhances long- term dividends per share. And that’s the measure upon which we make all of our discretionary capital investments, whether it’s in towers or on the fiber side. And so the benefit to it over the long term is we think we’ll provide shareholders with greater returns, particularly in the form of the amount of dividends we pay per share over the long term. I think we sit in a unique position, having watched the deployment of macro towers 20 years ago and then the need as it grew over time, the density of the network grew and the co-location activities and seeing the returns of those. What we’re seeing in the fiber movie is basically a sequel of what happened in towers. In the early days, you have a carrier who needs to cover a given geography, and over a relatively short period of time, other carriers need to cover that same geography. So we’re in the process of working with carriers and understanding their deployment plans and then assessing whether or not we believe the areas that they want to deploy small cells in have the opportunity for co-location. And as we spoke about in two specific markets, in the case of Phoenix and Philadelphia, I think we’ve done a really good job of identifying locations to deploy small cells for an initial tenant, and then we’ve seen co-location that’s come after that, and that’s driven very attractive returns. And you can see that in the micro standpoint of looking at individual markets, and we believe you can see that overall in the totality of the fiber business. Although granted, in the totality of the fiber business, it’s a little harder to see the incremental benefit from it because we’re continuing to invest heavily and expand into markets where we believe there will be future opportunities. So we’re building very immature assets that, at the moment, that we believe have a significant amount of upside and future growth that will enable us, we believe, to continue our stated goal of 7% to 8% growth over a long period of time. And we’re able to do it with customers that we know really well in the U.S. and in the top – generally in the top 25 markets. So that’s the approach, but it’s based on thinking about what we think the incremental increase in dividends per share are going to be. That’s how we’re driving our capital allocation decisions. To the second part of your question around how we evaluate small cells and tower tenants, we want both of those is the short answer to that. And we’re trying to figure out a way to grow as much revenue on towers as we can, and we’re trying to grow as much revenue on small cells as we possibly can. Those businesses, obviously, have similar customers in many respects, but from an economic standpoint, they work very differently. As we’ve talked about in the past, small cell systems are not homogenous. So depending on the geography that we’re working on and the underlying cost, then we need to appropriately adjust the pricing mechanisms in markets based on the underlying cost of deployments, and we do that. On the tower side, the revenue and rents tend to be more homogenous across markets and across assets.
Jay Brown: Yes. Generally, in the fiber business, I would go back to where we’ve talked about investment. Where we’ll deploy capital, we get an initial yield on that capital somewhere in the neighborhood of about 6% to 7%. When we add a second tenant, our returns go into the double digits, low-teens area as – from a yield standpoint, and that would be a recurring cash yield against net invested capital. And then if we get beyond that second tenant, obviously, north of that into the high teens in terms of yields on the assets. From a totality of the business, we’re seeing two things. We’re seeing the opportunity to continue to invest around that 6% to 7% area to expand in further markets. And then for the assets that have been online for a longer period of time, we’re seeing those incremental yields at the levels that I just mentioned. And the second question around second tenant pricing, again, back to the answer on the first question. We haven’t seen any change in pricing as we add additional tenants. There’s great value in the shared infrastructure model. Whether we’re talking about towers or talking about fiber and allowing a carrier to utilize that asset and share it across multiple carriers, that lowers their overall cost of deployment. And it’s why the tower model has been so successful over time, and it’s why, I believe, we’ve seen such great success on the fiber side. It’s a cost-effective way for them to deploy small cells, and we don’t need to discount the pricing for the second one. The value of the shared economics is already in play.
Jay Brown: Phil, I think there’s two things that are happening. Let’s assume that capital investment and activity stays relatively stable across the whole business. What I would tell you is that the long runway of growth, we’re, as we talked about, kind of a leasing activity, we’re seeing a lease-up that you make an apples-to-apples comparison of adding the second tenant over a five-year period of time. So people who have gotten comfortable with the way towers lease up were going at about twice that pace, so the incremental change, when you look at it in any given market or any given asset, is that the yield, the margins and revenue are growing at a faster pace, roughly double the pace of what we saw on towers. Now that’s masked by the fact that the capital intensity that you can see on the financial statements and the continued investment that we’re making around CapEx is related to the fact that we’re having experiences like Phoenix and Philadelphia, where the early capital that we put in has resulted in exactly the returns that we anticipated, where we’re into the low teens as we add a second tenant, which has encouraged us to continue to make investments. And those investments go into the mix at about 6% to 7% and require sort of that high intensity of capital. Now if we roll the play all the way forward and roll this out over a five- or a 10-year period of time, I believe, just like we’ve seen in towers, we’ll see activity over a long period of time where the carriers come back and increase the density of nodes that they have across the fiber. We’ll see amendments to those nodes and that fiber as they add additional technologies over time. And we’ll see carriers who are not initially on that fiber come to that fiber and need it as they build out the density of that fiber. So over a long period of time, we will get back to a place where there’s sort of a stable level of revenue. But in a period of time like we’re in now, where we’re continuing to expand the pie, the dollars of revenue that are going in are going to be increasing as a greater number of assets come online as we build out the fiber that we’ve contracted to build.
Jay Brown: Yes. I would – again, it depends on how much we end up investing, how long do we get to before we have sort of a stable asset base, where then you look at it more on the way we would look at towers now and you compare year-over-year on a just pure dollars basis and say, did that activity increase or decrease? It may take some period of time, depending on what the opportunity is ahead before we get to that place where we have a stable base of assets, upon which we’re making that comparison.
Jay Brown: Phil, I think that gets to the specifics of how we contract with customers, so I’m going to beg off of that question.
Jay Brown: Phil, I think I’d go back to the comments that I made earlier in the call about we approached the agreement with the same core principles and thoughts around the economic trade. So if the implication of your question is a loss in value to us, that wouldn’t meet that core principle that I spoke about earlier.
Jay Brown: On your first question, around Lightower, it’s progressing as we expected. We had previously given the outlook for what we thought they would do this year, and I would say we’re on track for our expectations. So no update to the guidance that we’ve previously given there, and the business performed in the range that we had expected in the first quarter. On the second question around integration, we haven’t changed any of our approaches around integration, so we’re continuing to run the play as we’ve run it in the past and welcoming some 900 employees from Lightower into the business, thrilled to have them. And they’ve done a terrific job helping us run the integration into the business. As I mentioned before, we think kind of late – really late this year or probably early part of next year, we’ll have those activities around integration complete. And then we’ll be able to turn our sights towards how do we continue to grow beyond maybe just the markets that we’re in, the opportunity to add additional revenues to the fiber plants that we own. On the last question, we tried to be specific that we had provided for AT&T the ability to deploy FirstNet. I know that’s been a really common question over the last couple of years for us. So they do have the right as a result of this recent agreement to deploy FirstNet, and we would expect to see the impact – although not material to our 2018 results, we would expect to see the benefit of that activity in periods beyond 2018. And with that, operator, I appreciate everyone joining the call this morning. Thanks for the time. We’re excited about what we’re seeing in the business and look forward to giving you update next quarter.
