Dan Schlanger: As we've discussed a lot in the past what we look at is we want to maintain an investment grade credit profile, which we believe means we need to stay at five times debt-to-EBITDA which is our target leverage. We've been right around there. We ended the year right around there, right at five times just north of it, and so when we look out and see what our expected capital spend is over the course of 2019 and the incremental EBITDA that we believe we will generate and the leverage capacity it will create, we think that we're going to be able to use that leverage capacity in our internally generated cash flow to pay for the capital expenditures and maintain around five times debt-to-EBITDA. So that's why we think that we're in a position where we don't need equity. From what we can tell right now, we don't need equity through 2019 based on what we see the capital spend profile to be. To your point though, if we do see some M&A activity out and think that's something that's attractive for us, that would be external to what we just talked about. That would be funded in a way that would be consistent with maintaining our investment grade rating and five times leverage, and would likely include equity because I think we're going to buy whatever company or assets we would buy it would be for more than five times. So it would include some equity at that point. But when we're talking about our capital program from 2019, we feel pretty good about our ability to finance it.
Dan Schlanger: Sure. I'll take the first one Dave, and thanks for the question. When we put together the guidance as you pointed out, we had assumptions around how we would finance the business and through 2019, and nothing has significantly changed in the way we think about that. We clarified just now on the equity point but nothing has changed on how we think about financing our business. What we're trying to do is maintain our investment grade credit profile and do it at the lowest cost we possibly can. And when we look out and see what the market looks like in terms of trying to term out debt or what our revolver capacity is, we feel good about the flexibility we have on our balance sheet and we'll just be opportunistic as we look out and see when it makes sense to try to turn things out to the extent that we want to between secured and unsecured and anything - any other funding source we could possibly get our hands on because we want to be open to everything.
Dan Schlanger: Ric I don't want to tie components of what we've given together but you're correctly reading the supplement to see that the term for components of revenues that were in earlier periods are getting pushed out to later dates. I would be careful about drawing too many connections between the numbers. But as you read the supplement on the face of the supplement you're accurate that term has been extended.
Dan Schlanger: The only thing I would mention Ric is that maybe to clarify the point you made is because they're whole numbers, there's rounding there too. So, the fact that one stays at five from one period to the next period it doesn't mean that we extended it. It just means that it hadn't crossed over from a rounding perspective.
Dan Schlanger: Well, in terms of timing, obviously, as we talk about the timeline to deploy this 18 months to 24 months to get them deployed we could - if we were to see an increase in the amount of nodes that we're contracting today, we'd be two years away from actually benefiting from the revenue associated with that. So in terms of financial results, I think the biggest bottleneck I would point to is the amount of time it takes to get these deployed. The regulatory hurdles to get there are significant and the FCC has obviously helped us through their recent order and it gives some clarity around what the nature of the deployment should good look like and it gets us to the path towards working with communities in order to get something in place. But nonetheless, the hurdles are there and the timeline is significant. So that's probably the biggest bottleneck. Obviously, we think based on everything that we know and what we're seeing around 5G, we think the opportunities for small cells is very likely to increase over time. And so to the extent that the overall demand for small cells increase that is certainly a gating item currently in terms of what the cap on what our opportunity is. And over time we think the opportunity is going to grow. But specific to financial results, it would be the timeline currently that it takes between when it's contracted and when we can get it on air.
Dan Schlanger: What we're looking at is about mid-single-digit growth rate on the revenue basis for the fiber solutions business exclusive of small cells. Small cells growth we think is going to be closer to 20% range and that's comprised in the fiber solutions business. That's net of high-single digits of churn. So the overall growth we think we'll get there is around 5%.
Dan Schlanger: From the second part of the cost synergy standpoint, what we're talking about is what we meant we thought - as Jay said, we breakup 900 people and knew what they're doing and we've kept - we've kept the vast majority of those people and we're not looking to try to bring out cost synergies to try to make sure we're operating that any differently than it has been operated in the past. What we're looking to is trying to expand our market.
Dan Schlanger: And one of the good things about the strategy we've deployed is - and why we're so interested in the fiber we're interested is having lots of strengths high-capacity fiber and lots of density really plays into all of that. So having the ability to serve all those markets at the same time with the level of service that isn't necessarily available in the market because the fiber is so unique just that the capacity we have is unique through most - through a lot of that positions us really well to take advantage of all the markets we can serve.
Dan Schlanger: The driver of the most of that incremental activity was actually our small cell business where we saw the activity levels a little higher than what we expected going into the quarter. And the reason it didn't roll through is because we've given ranges around what we think 2019 will be and this is all within those ranges. So we don't anticipate updating guidance every time something moves by a couple million dollars. We're trying to make it where the range is incorporate what we think is a reasonable expectation of the potential outcomes and this falls within that range. So we're not going to update it for that.
Dan Schlanger: Sure, Walt. So first, yes the prepaid came in a little bit above our 35 to 40 guidance. Small cell activity was a little higher and so we got a little bit more prepaid activity - prepaid rent proceed in that case for 2018. Going forward, I think what we said is somewhere in the 30 to 40 range in 2019. That would be over and above the 3.27 million you talked about so total all in. That's the number I think you're looking for.
Dan Schlanger: And Walt, just to clarify on the exogenous tower event. We do think that some of the - about half of the churn, we're going to see in towers is because of the acquired network churn that's coming through. So, I'm not sure you call that exogenous or not, but we didn't want to call it out. It's something that we see is we don't think it repeats forever.
Dan Schlanger: Spencer, it's similar to what we saw in the fourth quarter. But as what we're talking about and have talked about what we're excited about is just the level of activity increasing over time and all of our customers being active across our towers business. So we do think that that will continue through 2019.
Dan Schlanger: Sure. I think just trying to take a step back and tell you how we think about spending capital. What we're doing is we're spending capital to build the fiber in markets where we see significant demand for small cells and continuing increases in that demand for small cells. So what we're trying to do is take markets where we think it's going to ultimately be very conducive for small cells. And we will only start building in those markets when we have a contract in order to do so. So when we think about what that new capital expenditure - revenue-generating capital expenditure looks like, the majority of it isn't our fiber segment, but the vast majority of that is going in to build small cells systems. Having said that, those small cells systems include fiber that as Jay was pointing out earlier will put us in a position to go after some fiber solutions business that we're really interested in within those markets because it will likely be that the small cell deployment is close to where that fiber solutions business will come as well. But to your specific point on what the revenue timing is, since the vast majority of that is for fiber, I mean, is for small cells, the fiber that support small cells, it's an 18-month to 24-month on average deployment cycle, which means that the capital will come in through the course of that 18 months to 24 months before we see the revenue come in from it. But there's not going to be a case where we're spending capital and hope that someday we'll get revenue on it.
Jay Brown: Simon, more broadly on the M&A front, we've talked about this I think the last several quarters on the call. We really don't see opportunities in the market of large scale that are going to fit our strategy, our focus around earning metro fiber that's dense with high capacity and believe the more likely approach for us is going to be to invest to be a building ourselves organic build. There may be some tuck-in acquisitions in some markets where we find an opportunity where it makes sense to buy it versus build it, but we think the more likely outcome is that we're going to be building fiber to meet the demand that we see coming for small cells.
Jay Brown: Yes. We continue to believe the U.S. market is the best market in the world for the investment in communications infrastructure. We're always open to learning and seeing what else is going on in the world. But based on everything we've had the opportunity to see thus far we think the best opportunity for returns exist here in the U.S. it continues to be the largest and fastest growing market in the world. And to my comments that I made around 5G, we certainly believe the U.S. is going to lead the way on 5G in the amount of capital investments here and the potential opportunities we think are the greatest here in the U.S.
Jay Brown: Dave to your second question, we did not do a new - as people would often term it a new deal during the quarter. So what we're speaking to and the adjustment that we made to the outlook doesn't have to do anything with something new that we crafted a new deal with customers. It was just related to the activity that we saw and then the term of the leases on those - on that leasing activity. So as you know we're hesitant to get into the specifics of how we transact with customers but that's what's driving the reference in both the press release and in the numbers.
Jay Brown: It was not a new deal that we did no. It would be term related to the leasing activity that we saw during the quarter.
Jay Brown: Yes, I think the way you described it is a good way to think about as we've just crossed over the year. And so depending on what the terms of given contracts are absent activity on a site and you're going to see those come closer to zero. And to the extent that there is activity or new leasing activity it's going to move the book out towards the right.
Jay Brown: As you know we don't like to comment specifically on individual customers. I would tell you outside of the Big 4 that there is spectrum that's being deployed for a number of different uses and that is helping our revenue growth results and we think there's opportunity for more of that in the future. The majority of the revenue growth that we see both on towers and small cells is really being driven by the Big 4 operators. But beyond that the infrastructure is useful for anyone who wants to deploy a wireless network and we're seeing demand from a number of customers outside of the Big 4.
Jay Brown: Yes, Brett I would say based on what we have in the backlog currently that we're working on both for 2019 and the work that we're already beginning on nodes that will go on air in 2020 and beyond, we think that our operating structure as is currently situated is sufficient to manage that growth. To the extent that the pipeline growth even larger or we're trying to put on air more than - as I mentioned in my comments, trying to get on air somewhere between 10,000 and 15,000 nodes in 2019. If we were to meaningfully raise that number beyond that, then we'd have to come back and talk about what we think the cost structure is appropriate. If it were to get to that things that would matter in that analysis is how many new markets are we having to go towards. To the extent that the increase with end markets that we exist in, it might have less of an impact towards rising cost. If we see the opportunity expanding beyond existing markets, then that would have a different calculus in terms of thinking about operating expenses. But I think the right way to look at it now is for the pipeline that we have currently contracted, we think the operating expenses are a stable level of activity to handle that level of demand.
Jay Brown: And the only thing I would add to that Brett, I don't think it's our internal capability or capacity that is a bottleneck at all. We've been able to scale, as Jay was talking about in an answer the first question you asked, from 5,000 nodes or so a few years ago to 10,000 to 15,000 nodes now do you think we can continue to scale. It's really the combination of how big that demand will be ultimately in the time it takes to get there.
Jay Brown: We don't expect there will be any flow-through to Q1. Specifically, what we're referring to was Hurricane Michael in Puerto Rico and then the significant fire that happened in Southern California.
Jay Brown: We're continuing to do some work on edge computing. As the networks get designed and traffic increases to my comments around, where traffic is increasing on mobile networks, we continue to believe that some of the traffic in order to get to the latency required for Internet-of-Things, some portion of the network is going to have to be designed where information is kept at the very edge of the network, some for cost purposes, but also for reduction in latency. And we believe that it makes a lot of sense for a meaningful portion of that edge compute to be put in places where there are existing macro sites connected to small cells. So we're continuing to do a number of trials there. But it's still very early and you shouldn't expect to see any impact to our financial results certainly not in 2019 and the outlook that we've given from the work that we're doing there. But long-term, it could be an opportunity. It may result in us having another use for leasing our sites whether it's the ground or space on the towers related to edge compute.
Jay Brown: Yes, Colby to your first question the vast majority of the spend by the wireless operators for small cells continues to be in the top 30 markets in the U.S. so basically the NFL cities. And we have fiber plant in many if not all of those markets now or we're in the process of constructing it. To the extent that the expansion goes beyond those top 30 markets, which we're doing some of that, but it's not a meaningful amount of capital or frankly a meaningful amount of small cells yet, so that's where the opportunity is currently. And that would stands for both the pipeline of nodes that we're deploying and we'll put on air in 2019 as well as our contracted backlog at this point is mostly focused on those top 30 markets. As I mentioned earlier, my comments around the M&A I intended those to be more broad than just the markets that we're currently working in. As we look at markets even beyond the top 30, we don't see acquisitions as a likely outcome for any meaningful amount of the fiber that we may want to own. We think it's more likely that we're going to end up having to build it. And that's a result of us assessing the type of fiber that exists in the market. We just don't see the dense high-capacity urban fiber in markets whether we're talking about top 30 or beyond the top 30 that are likely targets of any meaningful size to us, we think we're much more likely to be more organically building that fiber. On your second question around MIMO and tenants, we are seeing some of that, but I don't know that that's - frankly that relevant ultimately to our investment story. As carriers deploy equipment on the small cells and on towers in order to deploy network and manage both their spectrum position and capacity needs. They do a number of different things with the antennas in order to meet that. And in order to design the network, there are a lot of demographic characteristics that are going to fall into that analysis. The relevance for us is much more around - is there need for it and then how are they designing the network. We are seeing some of the massive MIMO antennas being deployed, but I don't know that that's really a meaningful component of our investment story. I would look much more at just the overall activity and the deployment of network and the carriers will make different choices around how they deploy that network depending on the demographics.
Jay Brown: Exactly, because they could solve the same thing by using more sites or different types of equipment depending on what spectrum bands they use and how they choose to do it. So just in isolation, I wouldn't necessarily assume that would be a large revenue driver for us.
Jay Brown: Sure. When you're into the Lightower acquisition things have gone basically as we expected. So we've been pleased with how things have gone the first year into ownership. We, as part of the acquisition have the benefit of attracting about 900 employees that came with it and they have been terrific, very seasoned, great skills and haven't done a good job continue to run that business and have been an integral part of the integration of the other fiber assets that we had acquired previously. I'm pleased today that we've effectively completed almost all of the integration activities and have everything on a common system. So excited about what's that going to mean for us with regards to revenue synergies. When we announced that transaction and as we look today, there are a number of nodes that are going on existing fiber and some of the fiber that we acquired we were down the road on already contracting the nodes. And so we're using the fiber that we acquired to handle some of those nodes. And given the markets that we acquired mostly in the Northeast Lightower and in the two Texas markets that regard with FiberNet, there is a significant amount of opportunity in those markets for small cells. So we're really early days in terms of the deployment of small cells against the fiber that we've owned, but the pieces is playing out as we would've expected 12 months into it.
Jay Brown: I don't know that I have a number of the top off my head Nick, to be able to answer that - answer that question for you. As we look at individual markets which is - we tend more to look at the business on as we study how have we done in particular markets when we talked about some of these case studies in the past, we'll do a deep dive in a market like Chicago or New York and look at what was our initial investment, how much fiber did we own initially, what was the nature of that initial fiber relationship whether it was K-12 or enterprise or small cells and then watch it develop over time. And as we look at individual case studies what we've seen if the thesis has played out as we expected. When you own fiber in areas where there's a dense population of people those are the places where the wireless networks are challenged and they need to add capacity and so we see those fiber networks. Whether we start with small cells or we start with a fiber solutions application, we see overtime it being an asset that's shared and we find that in areas that are dense, urban, downtown business districts. And then we find it in more suburban applications. In both situations, the fiber ends up, where the people are, the fiber ends up being needed for business enterprise hospitals universities, schools and being necessary for wireless.
Jay Brown: Nick appreciate that question because I think there is a sense in which that question drives towards the heart of our strategy of all the IP traffic that's out there, Internet traffic that's out there, is not the target of our business. And so there's a significant portion of that traffic that we don't serve today, a significant portion of it that we wouldn't ever aim to serve. The portion of the market that we're aiming for is large enterprises, universities, hospitals, in some cases government systems that are large users most of the time a few multi-location businesses. And that's really our only - that's our target for providing fiber solutions where really all we're providing is the pipe and the pipe happens to run along places where because of the demographics of an area, there's going to be a lot of users in mobile technology there and constraints on the network and therefore that fiber is going to be needed for small cells. So I think overall traffic is indicative to some degree of the opportunity that's in front of us with those large enterprises, hospitals, universities, et cetera. But I would not try to take our fiber solutions business and draw a direct connection to overall growth in Internet or IP traffic over time as a direct correlation to what our revenue growth in our fiber solutions business is. I do think of the mobile side, which is why I made the comments that I made, I do think that on the mobile side that that traffic is a good indication of the necessity of improvement in network particularly with regard to the uses of that network. As latency comes down, not only is it latency a concern, but reliability has to go up pretty meaningfully from where the wireless networks start today in order for the devices that are likely to be used in the 5G environment to actually be effective and be able to be relied upon for industrial uses. And that increase and the reliability of the networks and the reduction in latency is going to mean a pretty significant increase we believe in a number of places where there's deployment of wireless spectrum both on towers and small cells. So to wireless traffic, I think, it's a pretty good indication on the total traffic side or wire side probably not the best indication for our business.
Jay Brown: On the carrier side, the individuals who are deploying network would be handling both towers and small cells. So we don't see separate groups that we're having those conversations with. They're very different conversations though in terms of as we think about value. On the small cells side, we're deploying a significant amount of capital generally speaking about 75% of the activity that we have or thereabouts is going to be related to anchor activity and the balance would be colo. So in that 70%, 70%, 75% of the total activity being anchor activity we're deploying significant amount of capital in order to build those systems. So the conversation on that front is around the yield and return on that invested capital. As we've talked about before, we would expect in order to deploy capital somewhere in the neighborhood of a 6% to 7% initial yield and then ultimately we get to a return to justify the investments and an acceptable return ultimately to the shareholder of adding multiple tenants beyond that. So our evaluation on the small cells side comes down to what's the investment required and what do we think the potential return is based on location and other things. On the tower side, it's a different conversation. It's around what assets exist in the market that will need or solve the needs that they have. And there because of the agreements that we would have with all the customers, we're not really doing an analysis around what the return on a per-dollar basis is for the investment of capital because the capital investment has already been made. So it's a conversation that happens with the same people, but it's a very different conversation depending on the type of product that they're trying to buy from us.
Jay Brown: Yes. I think you're close. I think on the tower side both for 2019 and years beyond, we think the churn rates are around 1% to 2%. And as you mentioned, we're going to be at the high end of that for 2019. Our working assumption for long term is that small cells are going to have about the same level of churn. Fair to say that maybe in the short term here we don't see quite that level, but in that same 1% to 2% range. And then on the fiber side, we think it's high single digits. So we've talked about the fact that we think it's about 9% in 2019 in the outlook that we gave.
Jay Brown: Yes. I think we're probably - we're trying to give ranges, so depending on where you point in the range you squeeze out the other side and - we're just trying to give a range. But I think from modeling purposes I think somewhere in the neighborhood, we think the fiber business is going to run in an around those high-single digits around 9% and then 1% to 2% on tower and small cells.
Jay Brown: Amy, we're really early days on small cells. So our initial yields on small cells as I mentioned are around 6% to 7%. If you look at our entire Fiber segment with small cells and the fiber solutions, we're getting about an 8% yield on the invested capital around fiber. So we've taken both the acquisitions that we've done as well as the builds and we've grown - we've already grown the yield on the $13 billion that we spent there above kind of our initial entry point. On the tower basis, if we roll the clock back to a couple of decades ago when we first started acquiring towers, we acquired a significant number of our towers at about a 3% yield and have grown that yield over the last two decades. If you look at this on a micro sense and we look at what's the return on tower versus return on a small cell system they're very comparable. As we add additional tenants to small cells, we see the returns and the margin expand at about the same pace, if not maybe slightly faster on the margin side than what we saw in the tower business. And at the end of the day, we see returns with pretty reasonable assumptions around what we think lease-up is, somewhere in the neighborhood of about the equivalent of little over two tenants per tower. On a tower basis, if we were to do that same math on the small cell side, we would get two returns that are well above a blended cost of debt and equity and provide substantial return as we think about growing the dividends per share over the long-term. Last thing, I'll mention about this is, the key characteristic around what drives that return is what is the lease-up associated with the asset. So you enter the asset with an anchor tenant and have a going-in yield from a tower aside. Historically, it's been about 3%. Small cells it's about double that at 6% to 7%. But then what's the co-location model look like and at what rate do we see co-location and that drives the return long-term. Our experience has been thus far that the pace of leasing on existing investments we've seen lease-up that's about twice the pace of what co-location is on the tower has happened over the last decade or so. So we've accelerated the pass towards co-locating and sharing the asset as we've deployed these early systems with the small cells as the second and in some cases third tenant has come along and use that same system. So our thesis in terms of the model is similar to towers is playing out at the same time that we're scaling the business significantly. As I mentioned, I think I mentioned this last quarter in 2019, we think we'll deploy roughly double the number of small cells or double the growth that we had in 2017. So that kind of growth is expanding the overall size of the pie. And as we look at it on a micro sense, the model is playing out, but it's playing out against the scale of assets that's much smaller than the entire size of the investment is today, because it's grown so significantly in terms of our investment and opportunity that when you look at the yields on the total, yes it's headed in the right direction going from initially 6% to 7% to now 8%, 8% plus. But the overall book of that growth and the total return yield is going to take many years just like what it did in towers as we move the base and increase the opportunity.
Jay Brown: I think there are - I think all of the carriers are deploying small cells in some form of a self-perform. We certainly don't anticipate that we'll win 100% of the market share just like we've never done that on the towers side either. We think at the moment we're somewhere in the neighborhood of about half of what's getting deployed that we're winning. And I think the fact that the carriers are self-performing should be a good indication of the fact that it's a good business, and they need small cells. There are certain locations where we're going to choose not to build them, because we don't see the lease-up opportunity there, and therefore we don't see the shared economics for great returns over the long-term. So I think the carriers will continue to self-perform in places where we don't view those to be the best places to invest capital. And just like we saw for a long time on the towers side where carriers built their own towers in places where tower companies or others were not willing to invest the capital in order to build the infrastructure.
Jay Brown: Yes, Spencer, just to clarify a couple of points. So when we're deploying new fiber and building it for the purpose of small cells, our average is just over two nodes per mile currently as we're deploying. That's how pretty consistent. When you get to the specific examples and we start to look at some case studies, we could show you many examples in dense urban markets where the node count is between six and 10 nodes per mile and we don't think those are by any means isolated examples. We think that over time, we're going to continue to see a density that's significantly beyond what we are currently in terms of small cells per mile. That's well beyond - if we start talking about six to 10 nodes per mile that's well beyond what we're underwriting when we do - when we decide to make these investments. We're closer to underwriting in the neighborhood of about four or little over four nodes per mile in terms of the density. So if ultimately networks get to kind of some of the numbers that you're talking about and I believe there is a case where that could happen that's not in our underwriting case, but we've both seen it in practice and believe depending on the density that ultimately happens and is necessary for the 5G, we could get well beyond what we are underwriting when we make these investments. And time will tell on that front. But as we look at individual case studies and look at some markets some of the early deployments in both center of business districts, as well as some areas of suburbia, we do find examples. As the carriers go out and initially deploy they're deploying somewhere in the neighborhood of two per mile. A second carrier comes along and does a similar deployment and then one of those two original carriers comes back and adds additional nodes to that existing deployment in order to increase the density. So we end up getting lease-up if you will in co-location both from the existing deployment, as well as a secondary deployment that comes back and has additional nodes in order to increase the density. We think over time that's the way this is going to play out.
Jay Brown: Yes. So the short answer is yes, but I just want to make sure we get to all the same points. We have about 65,000 nodes either on air or under development. That number really hasn't changed. And so there hasn't been a significant move in that. We've put around 7,000 nodes on air in 2018. And as Jay mentioned, the ending 2018 backlog was higher than the beginning 2018 backlog and so that we more than replaced the nodes we put on air with new bookings. Looking forward, we think 10,000 to 15,000 nodes we put on air in 2019 and then we have 20,000 or so that will be put on air 2020, in the year 2020 or beyond. So you're right. The short answer is no. The backlog really hasn't changed. We're just trying to get a little more color around the timing and how that looks going forward.
Jay Brown: So the new leasing activity was around 110 for towers around 60 for small cells and around 45 for fiber solutions.
Jay Brown: Yes. It's not unexpected activity. It's related to new leases that we think - we understand are coming. It's just the timing of that is sometimes difficult to predict, but it's also the length of the term extension that we get maybe different than what we have in our forecast and that can drive incremental straight-line activity.
Jay Brown: I wouldn't call it worst-case, but it's hard to predict. And so I think we're probably on the conservative side of that assumption specifically yes.
Jay Brown: We really haven't seen any trends there. As we've now had the business for about a year. I think it is played out roughly in line with what our expectations were going into the business. I think we're getting better at understanding how the business works and how to position ourselves in the market. But I wouldn't point to anything that's changing our long-term view of how that business will perform.
Jay Brown: Well, thanks, everyone, for joining the call this morning. Obviously, we were thrilled with the outcome in 2018 and excited about the opportunity ahead as we talked about on the call this morning on a number of fronts the increased level of leasing activity around towers and small cells is exciting given what it means not only for calendar year 2019, but also what we think it what it will mean over the long term as the carriers look to deploy beyond 4G and into the 5G world. So thanks for joining us this morning. Look forward to catching up soon.
