Jay Brown: That’s correct Rick. If they go on any other level on the tower, then we would get additional rent for that, or if they were to self-split, and go onto a tower that they’re not currently located on, we would get additional revenue from that. Just like we would in another other situation as we’ve seen historically. This is solely related to the level that they’re on today, and anticipate basically what they’re going to be doing as they do their 4-G deployment.
Jay Brown: Sure, Dave on your first question, we would have been certainly within the range, I think towards the higher end of the range if we had not been able to reach an agreement on the amendment that we discussed so we had a very good quarter. Without this amendment, it would have been at the high end, certainly would not have exceeded anywhere close to assume that we showed the numbers as a result of this modification. And you can see on a number of line items, not just at the site rental line, which I think you were specifically referring to, but with regards to the cost containment both at the site rental operating cost line, we saw that cost line basically flat year-over-year. This is the second straight year that we’ve done that. As I alluded to in my comments, I’m not sure that we can continue to hold cost completely flat. We’re working hard to do that, but we had another great quarter with regards to cost containment. And you can see that same thing on the G&A line.  And then obviously, I spoke to the fact that our services business continues to significantly outperform our expectations. I think we’ve done a very good job on that business both building up a reputation with customers that we can get things on air, and delivered on time as they would expect, and we’ve indicated we could. And the results of that I think is that we’ve seen an increase in the take rates of those services. So I think you could point to any line item of the items that we give outlook for, and see that we had a really good quarter. And specifically at the revenue line, we would have been somewhere between the midpoint and the high end exit transaction that I said I spoke about.David Barden – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, good.
Jay Brown: Yeah, Jason, I mean I think you’re going to see us continue to do what we’ve done over the course of this year as we look at what opportunities are in front of us. We see those opportunities to invest in things like distributed antenna systems, building those systems, or acquisitions in that arena, or tower acquisitions, land purchases. We’re going to balance all of those against our ability to go out and purchase our own stock. I think you’ve heard us articulate that perspective for six or seven years. And we haven’t changed our view. I think you will see us continue to look at the opportunities in the market, and measure those against what we think the opportunity is.  We buy our own towers via share purchases, and think about that on a long term recurring cash flow per share basis. And that’s sort of how we evaluate those.  On the short term, I mentioned in the quarter what we spent capital on, and new paths consumed the majority of the capital that we spent in the third quarter. And then in the fourth quarter, so far we’ve spent some of our cash settling the interest rate swap. So we need to settle those swaps going into 2011, and obviously we’ve got some flexibility around the balance sheet. We’ve got an undrawn revolver, and have a full availability there. And then significant cash flow next year, so it’s going to be a balance against the settling the interest rate swap. We’ll certainly do that over there balance of this year and into next year.  And then beyond that, I think you’ll see us to continue to just evaluate opportunities as they become available. And we’ll be focused on trying to maximize recurring cash flow per share when we choose one activity over another.
Jay Brown: James, on your second question around M&A activity, I think certainly at the land purchase level, we’re seeing landlords who are watching the current tax regime, and thinking that this year is probably a better year to be a seller than next year. So we’ve seen a ramp in activity, and I wouldn’t be surprised if we don’t spend a bit more capital in the fourth quarter around land purchases than we have in the first couple of quarters of this year, for ¾ of this year. And that may continue into 2011. It’s difficult to tell how much of that is macro economic conditions, and people looking to see assets to raise cash against what the benefit is maybe this year from executing on a transaction, and essentially saving some taxes on that. On the second part of the question around tower sales, as Ben mentioned, there were a couple, and have been a couple this year of significant size tower acquisitions in the market. We have observed over a long period of time that private tower owners are generally pretty proud of their assets, and expect the multiple oftentimes that exceeds the public multiple, which we’re trading at. And I would go back to the comments that I made to Jason in the last question around how we evaluate purchases, and to the extent that we see assets become available. And we think the growth prospects of those assets against the required price in order to acquire them, if that beats what we think we can do by buying our own towers, absolutely interested in pursuing those kinds of transactions, but to the extent that it becomes just an opportunity to try to add more revenue or add more EBITDA. And we end up paying a price on a gross adjusted basis that exceeds our own towers. We’ll revert back to just buying our shares rather than being acquire our towers.  So I don’t know that I would say that there’s been a pickup of activity, but certainly as all of our multiples have gotten into the higher teams or teams area, there have been more people that set on towers in the private sector who have raised their head, and started to look around, and see if there’s an opportunity to modify.
Ben Moreland: Yeah, Rick, I think both out of the desire to protect our own ability to negotiate with future terms with carriers, and out of a respect for our carriers, I don’t think we’re going to get into the specifics of the contract negotiation, and how we went about pricing that, but we priced as I mentioned in my comments, we priced it as an amendment to all of their sites. And it was a meaningful amendment, which I think both parties assume they’re going to be making over time.
Ben Moreland: Yeah, to help you there, I think I’d point out the three numbers that I mentioned. If you are looking at year-over-year change, Q3 of 2009 to Q3 2010, the benefit that we received from contracted escalators or renewal of leases, which would include extending leases, and picking up the straight line benefit there, that was 2% from Q3 ’09 to Q3 /10.  If you were looking at the full year of 2010 over full year 2009, we picked up a 4% benefit there. And in a normalized year, I would expect that we would probably get somewhere in the neighborhood of about 3% from either contracted escalators or renewal of leases including straight line. And we would have about 1% Churn. That would be a normal year, so a normal year would look something in the neighborhood of about 2%. So for the full year, we may have picked up 100 to maybe 200 basis points in our full year number when comparing ’10 to 2009.  And then I mentioned in the ’11, the outlook that we’re providing, the benefit from escalation and that of Churn is 2%. So it looks much more like what we saw in the third quarter than what we saw from the full year 2010.
Ben Moreland: That’s right, Rick. There could be some upside. And it will depend on when they get that funding, and when they can actually get out, and get those cell sites up on air, and start to pay us lease revenues to the extent that the timing news into the latter half of next year, then obviously it certainly helps the run rate going into 2012. And maybe less of a benefit to the full year results in 2011. We’ll just have to kind of see when the timing of those fundings come about.
Ben Moreland: And Dave, with respect to other transactions, I guess what I’d say without commenting specifically on any conversations we may be having, just as we did in this one, we would look at facts and circumstances as they come up. And make our best business judgment on what’s fair economics for the transaction. And so whether or not there are others to come like this, I really couldn’t say today, but we would look at each one separately, and see if we could come up with something that we thought was fair to us obviously that met the customers’ need. I mean the main take-away from this agreement is that we’ve received a contractual commitment from a customer for really all their 4G amendments.  This, as you can tell, bring forward the revenue on 100% of their sites in a meaningful way. And we’ve done this without economic concessions when we compare it to our traditional sort of ala-carte pricing model that we’ve been using for years. So it’s simply a different way to price the activity. And you might ask yourself, I think maybe asking, “Why would other party, or particularly the customer be interested in this.” And I think it really goes to the pace with which our customers are finding the need to address the 4G build outs, and accomplish this in the most expeditious manner creating speed and ease around our sites as they deploy.  So this process, as you can appreciate, streamlined their deployment cycle getting on our site. And has eliminated some complexity around having to document every single site. And so that’s really at the core of what we’ve accomplished here. And then as jay mentioned in his comments, we’re going to be working very hard to make certain that the benefit of the bargain arrives with both parties, that we actually get them on the air quickly.David Barden – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: And so the bottom line there is that you’re willing to basically front end load cash that might result in kind of a lower relative growth rate in the future, but at the end of the day, the time value money tradeoff is positive.
Ben Moreland: Yeah, and I think you bring up another point. You’d say, “Well then, is there future growth with this particular customer around amendments?” And I would have to concede no, actually they’ve sort of bought out the shelf for amendments for this particular customer. It’s limited in scope as we’ve described. But with respect to amendments, they have pre-contracted for all of that capacity on that existing array associated with their 4G amendments going forward. So if you take that and park it, then you can certainly assume that for that particular customer on existing arrays, you’re sort of sold out.David Barden – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Great, that’s great color. Thanks guys.
Ben Moreland: Sure, on your question on sort of time value money, what I’d suggest to you there is it’s contracted. And so what I would think about there is whereas you previously, we have previously for years priced amendments on a one-off basis, and each one was a discreet transaction. Here you’ve got a contractual commitment over a period of time. It’s not indefinite by the way. I’m not going to get into the specific terms of the contract, but it’s not an indefinite link with time. There is a date to it, but it gives you that contractual certainty of that commitment at a level of pricing if you bring it back to a purse fight basis, that is very comparable to what we’ve seen around our amendment activity over the years. And then again, the main benefit for the customer and for us both is that it provides speed, and ease, and simplicity in the back office to get them on the air quickly, provides them certainty of what they’re going to be paying for this additional capacity they’re going to need on the sites, over this definite period of time and limited in scope as we’ve talked about.  The second question around capital allocation, I’ll let Jay get into just around the initiation of the buybacks.
Ben Moreland: I would just add to that in the last quarter as you mentioned Jay in your comments, there were more than one significant sized opportunity that we were evaluating. And we don’t have anything to announce today, but at the right price, we would be a buyer for any of the things that we looked at this last quarter. And so they were of significant size that we would have certainly been allocating our cash and potentially some borrowing capacity towards those opportunities. And so, that will happen from time to time, and that’s consistent with what we’ve talked about for a long time.
Ben Moreland: Sure, James, this is Ben. On NewPath, it’s back and loaded, so by the time you get to the yearend ’11 run rate, I would call it meaningful certainly against the purchase price that we paid. But as we mentioned I think when we announced it, a lot of what we purchased is under construction still. It’s contracted, but in the deployment and development. So really it’s the second half of 2011 before you’ll see it start to kick in, and by yearend run rate, it becomes I’d say reasonably significant relative to the price we paid, but that’s still further out. And more color on that as we go along.
Ben Moreland: I would say just as you’ve heard us talk about for years, and we continue to hear this from investors as an interesting part of the dialogue, we internally have scribed a very serious opportunity cost analysis to the dollars we would use in an M&A transaction. And that opportunity cost again as Jay mentioned is always measured against our own growth prospects on the sites we currently own. As we’ve delivered growth this year, as we’ve been talking about on this call, very significant organic growth coming from this portfolio that you want to make sure you don’t dilute by otherwise not appropriately sort of appreciating the value we have resident in the current portfolio by going off and doing something else. And that’s always sort of the opportunity cost evaluations that we go through, and it’s pretty rigorous.
Ben Moreland: Sure, Clay. The large transactions that we’ve contemplated sort of in the last few months have been in the U.S. It doesn’t mean we’re not active, and wouldn’t look at other international markets. And as you recall, we are in Australia, and are very optimistic about the long term prospects there, and think we’ll have more to talk about there in the coming months.  But in terms of what’s going on in terms of our real activity, it’s continued to focus most of our attention on the U.S. And the reason that the opportunity cost analysis can be pretty pure at this level is because we don’t think there’s a lot of benefit from gaining scale through additional size. We think we are of a significant size. We are meaningful to our customers. They are obviously meaningful to us, but I think we provide a meaningful impact on their ability to deploy and accomplish what they want to accomplish in the U.S. market whether they be an incumbent carrier, or a brand new entrant into the market. And would never suggest that we can accomplish everything that they need to accomplish. They have to rely on some of our peers to do that, and that’s certainly the way the business works. But I think we are certainly at a size where we’re meaningfully important to their deployment needs, and we’re not disadvantaged in any respect.  So if that’s the case, then we can continue to demonstrate that. It becomes a financial analysis, or an opportunity cost analysis around which portfolio we want to acquire whether it be external or internal. And that’s the way we’ll continue to operate.
Ben Moreland: Greg, thanks for the question. On the outlook for ’11, it would be lower than what we’re experiencing in 2010. Obviously, we don’t have as much visibility into the year sitting here in October. So we’re assuming that our new leasing activity in full year ’11 as I mentioned in my prepared comments is about 6% growth. And for the full year of 2010, the new leasing activity was about a 7% growth rate, and a little higher than that obviously in Q3 of this year, so we’re assuming that next year is going to be a little lower than this year. Some of that I would go back to my comments before on how we model tenants that do not have funding for future development, and minimal impact there, we could get some benefit from if we have some favorable funding announcements from some of our customers, and they end up deploying next year. But the baseline is lower for organic revenue growth next year as compared to what we saw in 2010.Greg Powell – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, so it sounds like sort of just a typical level of conservatism that you guys normally do at Q3, and then we can revisit things in January when you report Q4.
Ben Moreland: We got a full quarter benefit from it.Greg Powell – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, great. Thank you very much. It’s very helpful.
Ben Moreland: Yeah Tim, this is Ben.  Great question, and it’s one I think all of us are sort of scratching our heads over. How do the wireless networks of today with the spectrum limitations that are there today accommodate this demand. And I think probably the reality is that it’s going to be suboptimal for some time as this continued growth explodes.  But at the same time, there are improvements underway, and I would refer you to – there’s a good paper out that the FCC put out last week around their expectations on wireless growth in data, the additional infrastructure that will be required to even begin to, as I mentioned in my comments, even have a shot at covering the demand. And the additional spectrum that they need to make available to the industry. And all those things go together to begin to satisfy this kind of growth.  The other thing I would mention is I think you’re going to see over time, and it’s frankly inevitability is that over time, there’s going to be multiple architectures that satisfy this demand. And so you’ll have macro tower sites as we’ve certainly come to enjoy today that will continue to be very valuable, but you’ll also have alternative architectures that are complimentary in building in high density urban areas, in venues. That will take the form of DAS systems, or things that look like DAS systems. I think that’s going to continue to grow and be a more meaningful part of the deployment solution going forward. I think you’ll see WiFi offloading, which we already use. If you have an iPad, you probably do that. I know I do. And so you’ll have a number of alternatives to a macro network running with spectrum that give us the ability to try to accommodate this untethered demand that we all see wirelessly.  But if you look at this FCC study, it’s a pretty concise report. It’s one of the best I’ve seen recently that tries to at least frame some of these variables and put some numbers around some of these things that are no doubt of very big challenger for our customers today to try to deal with all of this demand. And it’s going to take as it has already over the last ten years, it’s going to take efforts from a lot of different fronts and a number of solutions. Things like spectral efficiency is in this report and continued improvements there. Additional spectrum certainly is contemplated over time, not in the short period, but in the long period. Cell splitting, smaller cells, additional cell sites being deployed, all of those things are going to be part and parcel of this sort of work to accommodate this demand. And I don’t think there’s any one silver bullet. I think it’s going to take all of us in the industry, ourselves, our customers, our peers, working very hard to try to accommodate this in an efficient way, one that ultimately can remain profitable for the carrier and obviously for us.
Ben Moreland: Yeah, I guess I would say to that, you never know because we don’t know what the demand is going to look like over the next couple of years for the consumer, which is ultimately going to be the driver of how many cell sites are needed, and what does that architecture look like. But if history has taught us anything in the industry, you go through two or three years of activity where the carriers will go out and touch all of the sites that they’re already on. It’s obviously faster to do it that way because it requires less site act work. They already have existing base stations and equipment there, so it’s relatively cheap to do that. And typically, that’s where the focus goes for a couple of years. And then once they get through that process, as they acquire new spectrum, I think all of the carriers have in the case of 4G, they’ve acquired additional spectrum in order to roll this out. Then they go back, and they look for sites that they need to go back, and instill where they just put that new spectrum band specifically on. And we’ve seen that now through two or three cycles as they go from one generation to the next generation.  So if I were guessing at this point, and again, a lot of this depends on what is the activity from the consumer, we’re probably two to three years at least away before you would start to see the carriers take on brand new cell sites for deploying this data activity. Now that’s not to say that the carriers won’t take on brand new leasing. And we’ve seen recently going into the third quarter, and into the fourth quarter, and we think we’ll see this next year that we’ll actually see a higher percentage from brand new tenants going on towers as opposed to amendments, which has been very heavy for the first ¾ of this year, and was heavy at the end of last year. We’re starting to see a trend back towards brand new tenant leases. Most of those though are probably related best we can tell on areas where they have holes in their network, and they’re trying to do things like self-split. And then still the resulting hole in the network rather than necessarily specifically related to this just data traffic.  So a lot of that is conjecture, and we’ll just try to kind of have to see how the consumer starts to take up the device, and use the data, and then we’ll be ready to help our customers if they need it.
Ben Moreland: So there’s been a lot of discussion around how to account for operating leases over the last couple of years, and the fantasy has taken us up both in terms of how to account for a lessor, which would obviously be our revenue side, as well as how to account for leases under a lessee transaction, which would be all of our ground leases. I would say that all of the literature right now is in discussion form, and nothing has been settled.  At the end of whatever they end up deciding I think we’ll be able to report metrics that look similar to what they do today. In other words, be able to give you color around what’s changing in the business, and what the leasing activity is, and what the results of that is in terms of cash flow being produced by the business. So I don’t think it will have any meaningful impact there. We don’t have any covenants in any of our debt agreements that would tie us down, or give us a problem if the literature came out one way versus another. So I think this is just going to be something that we’ll see develop.  In terms of timing, I think most believe that this is probably at least a 2013, and more likely to be 2014, or beyond before this new literature would be implemented. So in all likelihood, we’re talking several years before it would actually be implemented, and then at that point, we would just have to take a look at how we report, and how we account for those leases to comply with the new standard if there is one. And then I think you would probably also see us, depending on how it goes, you’d see us add some supplemental disclosure in order to help everyone to get back to being able to calculate that covenant. Or alternatively if you’re trying to figure out the underlying performance of the leasing business, we should be able to report that.  So much more to come there probably in the coming days, and maybe we’ll have something more firm by the time we get into next year.
Ben Moreland: I think the, and again, this is all preliminary so you don’t know exactly when they’re going to come out with the standard, but there’s some discussion heading into the back half of this year, so it’s a possibility by the time we get to the filing of our K in the January or February timeframe, that there may be some color around this topic. If there is, we would either include it there, or we would certainly disclose it in our press releases. But again, this is not a change that’s going to affect 2010 or 2011 results. We’re probably talking many years out before it would actually be implemented.
Ben Moreland: All right, well, again, I want to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. We look forward to finishing the year strong, and reporting those results to you. So we will reconnect probably toward the end of January. Thanks again.
