Jay A. Brown: Sure. Simon, I'll take the first couple of those and let Ben take the last one on T-Mobile. With regards to where we are as I mentioned in my comments, we expect to exhaust the net operating losses in about 2015, 2016 and would expect that no later than that date, we would convert to a REIT. Obviously, given the tax efficiency of the current structure as a REIT, we would benefit from not having to pay any taxes and would expect to take advantage of that at least in our current planning before we would become a taxpayer at the corporate level. With regards to doing that early, I think that's an evaluation we will continue to make on an ongoing basis and look at what we think the value of converting early is. As I mentioned, we've begun to do some of the preliminary work that would be necessary for us to do that and depending on kind of our forward view, we may choose to accelerate ahead of a 2015 or 2016 date or we may ultimately decide to stay as we're organized as a C Corp. With regards to paying a dividend before converting to a REIT, as we've talked about in the past, look, I think this is an opportunity for us to think about as we have historically, the allocation of capital. And to date, we spent about $2.7 billion returning cash to shareholders in the form of share purchases. And as we currently think about allocation of capital, that's our preference. However, we'll continue to entertain the opportunity of potentially translating that, transferring that return of cash to shareholders in the form of share purchases and may ultimately decide to do it in the form of a dividend. But I think therein lies a significant amount of flexibility. So as we think about flexibility and allocation of capital, the flexibility of being able to choose at this point whether to pay a dividend or not and having the NOL covered, we think is a valuable asset in addition, as I talked about in my comments, having a significant amount of availability under a revolver, either pursue share purchases or acquisition. I think we've got a tremendous amount of flexibility and we'll continue to evaluate that as we go.
Jay A. Brown: Sure, Dave, on the first question around leverage. We've talked about our target as being 4x to 6x and the great benefit we have in this business is that it de-leverages very quickly given the organic growth in the assets. And given our view of the acceleration of growth relative to traditional towers that we expect around NextG, that's going to be increasing the speed at which we would expect a normal course of the balance sheet to de-lever. So I think we'll continue to operate in the target. I think that this transaction that we just did illustrates the value of the flexibility that we created by running a little bit lower leverage and operating at the midpoint of our target range. So we're approximately going towards the end of 2011, we had approximately 5 turns of leverage and we spent a lot of time talking about our target leverage of potentially being willing to go up to 6x for the right asset. And as we looked at these 2 assets that became available in the back half of 2011, we were able to invest $1.5 billion in assets we think are growth enhancing, strategic and very important to the next generation of wireless. We were able to do that without issuing a single share of stock. And so we look at the value of the flexibility and would say about these acquisitions this is exactly why we were operating the balance sheet that we were. I would further say this is why I am excited about having $1 billion revolver because I think the revolver, which we expect to have a 5-year term, obviously I'll expect a balance sheet and would expect the normal course of the balance sheet will de-lever some over time, not through the pay down of debt but through a growth in EBITDA as we move back towards target, the middle part of the target of the range, we'll have a revolver there that's available for us to again, take advantage and be strategic when the right asset or opportunity is available to us. So I think as I mentioned, we'd expect that if we borrowed the growth in EBITDA at about 5x, there's $400 million of capacity during the year and investing the cash flows, another $800 million, so in a normal course, that's $1.2 billion to invest, but certainly wouldn't want to eliminate the possibility that we operate at the high end of that range for the right asset or the right opportunity.
Jay A. Brown: On your second question, Jason, around churn. As I noted last quarter, we expect the churn in 2012 if you counted number of tenants, to be up about 10% over 2011. That increase was attributable as we mentioned, largely to Alltel. It's almost -- it's 70% loaded in the front half of 2012 and 30% in the back half of the year and the split in that first half is almost even. So higher churn in the first 2 quarters of this year and then in the back half, we're currently expecting significantly less churn and as we sit here today, we think it's on track for what we talked about last quarter.
Jay A. Brown: Yes. I think it will be -- Rick, I think it will be about a push, still. The numbers have been mentioned in the first 12 months of about $33 million of adjusted EBITDA and that's about what the interest costs will be on that component. The whole number that we gave you there includes the impact of refinancing the existing credit facilities, the money that we're raising for WCP and a little extra funds that we'll have left over. So I think we're trying to help you with a couple of different numbers including where interest expense will be for the full year '12 if we're right about guessing on closing dates for the various acquisitions and closing dates on the debt.
Jay A. Brown: That's right, and maybe just to be -- put a finer point on it, we're still saying we think it's a push in the first 12 months for NextG relative to the cost of the money.
Jay A. Brown: Well, ultimately it will fall down to AFFO. And where it exactly falls above adjusted EBITDA, I think we're still working through exactly what that will look like and as I think after close, we'll take you through it.
Jay A. Brown: We did not include that. A vast majority of the activity we have on our outlook is from AT&T, Verizon and Sprint. We would've had some in there for T-Mobile.
Jay A. Brown: Sure, Kevin, I'll take that. You are right, we do have approximately $300 million a year of ground lease expense and I would divide that into basically 2 categories. One of the activities, which we've obviously spent enormous amount of time on in the 11,000 transactions that I've talked about thus far in securing the portfolio. In 2007, we were less than 20% owned in terms of sites and a much lower percentage of gross margin that was on site that we had greater than 30 years. So we both have focused virtually all of our activity on ground leases that have less than 20 years remaining on them. And that activity would have in it a component of a mark-to-market rate on those ground leases, whether we were purchasing them or extending the ground lease. And the purchases have largely offset any rental increase that we've seen from the ground leases as we've renewed them. I think the majority of that or a lot of that is through the system now and so most of the activity from this point forward and as we think about the future, the majority of the activity that we'll be doing will be purely a financial test around do we want the liability off balance sheet in the form of a ground lease because we're able to finance it at a lower cost with the landlord or do we prefer it on the balance sheet because we're able to achieve a lower cost of capital using our balance sheet to acquire the property? And I think more and more, as we go forward, we'll be thinking about our land purchases in that context and utilizing the lowest cost of capital to acquire them because we'll have already secured the land leases for such a long period of time. In terms of pace, I think you can expect for the next 4 to 5 years, we're probably going to continue at the pace that we're on. It has great operational benefits beyond the financial benefits to have long-term leases and improve the lease structure and own land. And so it's worth facilitating customers getting on sites and customers are making decisions about where to allocate their capital to make the quickest improvement in their network. We know that land ownership and long-term leases help that and so, I think there are some operational benefit to it. I think we'd probably stay on this pace for the next 4 to 5 years and then after that, it probably comes down and we're just purely making a financial decision.
Jay A. Brown: On the first one, James, we believe it will be both accretive to ultimately AFFO per share which is how we evaluate everything. I think over time, you will also find that it will be accretive to our growth rate as we go through the process of applying the expertise that we have, that we complied to our own portfolio around extensions and purchasing the land. On a relative appeal standpoint, you've got to look at the underlying assets and the underlying towers and what the tenancy of those towers are and I would say, in terms of looking at that, that's one of the considerations that we make as we think about owning land of any third party towers is, who are the tenants installed on that tower's -- on the tower, as well as the location of the asset. It's not too dissimilar from the analysis that we've done under tower portfolios for a long period of time.
Jay A. Brown: Would we prefer to own towers built by the carriers originally. And I think, James, this comes down to as we've seen over time, what ultimately determines the value of tower assets is the location and the need. And so, whether a carrier originally built it or it's built by a company whose out building spec towers, ultimately the value of those towers is determined by the location and the need. We've done incredibly well with towers that were originally built by Bell Atlantic Mobile and BellSouth and other carriers. We've also done very well with towers that we built a long time ago. So I think I wouldn't necessary draw a distinction in terms of preferring one over another. It just comes down to evaluating price, the location and then what we believe the demand would be. And as Ben mentioned earlier, at that point, once you've evaluated those things, and we're pretty disciplined on the price because we know we have an alternative, we can buy the towers that we already own in the form of share purchases or pursue a third-party tower opportunity.
Jay A. Brown: On the first question, Jon, our outlook for 2012 does not include hardly any benefits from folks like Clearwire or others that may have spectrum but not -- have not been deploying. And so as we get into calendar year 2012, we'll just have to see how some of those other carriers come. As I mentioned, virtually all of the growth that we've put in the outlook comes from Verizon, AT&T and Sprint.
Jay A. Brown: Sure, Clay, on your first question. As we have experienced in our own portfolio, as ground leases approach their term end date and you go to renegotiate those leases, you pay whatever is market as you enter into a new lease on the property. And so we evaluated the leases and our view is that there is an increase coming in the rental rates that are going to be paid underneath those ground leases. Thus, an increase in the growth rate.
Jay A. Brown: Jonathan, I think on your first question, just to be really clear, we threw around a couple of numbers to span what's going into the NextG numbers. As we talk about what we think site rental gross margin of $50 million and then obviously, the G&A, that's all cash received. And so, the timing on that, I don't if there's anything more to say about that, but it would continue in perpetuity. In terms of how the carriers pay for this and how we structure these, as Ben mentioned, similar to the tower portfolio, when a tenant comes to the site, oftentimes, they do make a contribution to the CapEx or subsidize the cost of expanding the network to hold them and over time, as this plays out and gets larger scale, we'll see how that goes. That's probably the 2, I will say there around pricing. Each system is different, but it's generally pretty similar to what you've seen historically in the tower business. I think specifically on the terms of the credit facility, we'll wait until that closes before I go into great detail about that. But it doesn't have an impact on changing our targeted leverage level of 4x to 6x as I talked about before and we would not expect to do anything that would limit our flexibility to be anything other than what we've had over the last 5 to 7 years as we structure the capital structure.
Jay A. Brown: Yes, on the first question if Sprint were to go out and lease more sites or do greater amounts of activity then we could see potentially, a change. One thing I would point out is that we saw the actual pickup in Sprint activity dating all the way back to the second quarter of 2011. So I think we saw it earlier than others did and the comments that are making -- that have been made more publicly recently are really commensurate with what -- a level of activity that we've seen 4, 6-plus months from Sprint. And so I don't -- as we've looked at our outlook and reaffirmed it for 2012, I don't think we've seen any of that. But to the extent that they were to change their plans or processes or deploy more sites, then we could potentially see the benefit of that in our outlook. When you're looking at the differences between the contribution of cash receipts and reported revenues, there's going to be some movement quarter to quarter just as leases renew a normal course. There's not anything significant that's happening in the first quarter relative to the past quarters. I think broadly, as you look at our revenue growth, our outlook for 2012, it's got revenue growth of approximately $85 million on a reported basis. And on a cash basis, that's going to be about $111 million. So growth on a cash basis is about 7%, roughly, but I think the ins and outs quarter-to-quarter, they're going to move just a little bit, but I think I'd step back and look at it over the course of the year and tell you I think that the amount of contributions from non-cash revenues is actually going to decline year-over-year to the tune of about $25 million as we near that crossover point in 2015, as I talked about in my comments.
Jay A. Brown: On your first question around margin, we would expect those to continue to go up in the absence of acquisition activity. As we've seen over time, we're able to increase the margins that the gross -- site rental gross margin line just considering the growth in revenue against growth in expenses. Those have been rising at about 150 to 200 basis points per annum. As we go down to the AFFO level, we certainly don't expect that we'll lose any of that with regards to G&A or other expenses. And so I would expect you will continue to see those margins expand considerably over time. The one exception to that is obviously, if we buy an asset that has lower margins than the existing base, it will dilute some of that growth. But NextG being a good example of that, that would be "dilutive" short-term to the margins. But over time, we think it's actually margin and growth enhancing. So I think it will come down to the mix, and what do we -- how do we allocate capital, and what percentage of that ultimately gets allocated towards assets. But in a normal course, if you just think about organic leasing, I would expect those margins to continue to expand enough to enjoy the high incremental margins we've seen over the last several years.
Jay A. Brown: Sure, Mike. On your first question, we do expect slightly better internal growth certainly on a cash basis in 2012. And I think most of that is related to the timing of the Sprint Network Vision. We've got about 6 months of that during 2011 and our outlook implies that we're going to have a full 12 months of that activity in 2012. So I think Sprint would be the main change if you're comparing those 2 years. And with regards to amendment activity versus new lease activity, if you're calculating it on a revenue basis, amendments continue to make up in the neighborhood of 70% of the total activity on a dollar basis. Obviously, if it was account basis, it would be greater than that, but on a dollar basis it's making up about 70% of the growth there. On your second question around preferred dividends, I guess I would say it's a bit of a moot point at this point because we've just converted our 6.25% preferred. So that's now gone. But honestly, the spirit of what we were doing was to simply take exactly what American Tower was doing and report our company on the exact same basis for comparability purposes. I think in the future, if we were to ever to do a security and had a similar cash dividend, then we could look at should the industry adjust the metric? And I'd be open to doing that, but the logic simply was, it was going away anyway and so I thought from a comparability standpoint, the best thing to do was just literally do exactly what our other peer was doing. And hopefully, that becomes the industry metric.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Just to punctuate one thing, I think, we think the outside, when we used the NOLs, probably 4 years and we think that's the most efficient structure, as Jay mentioned, but we've got a lot of flexibility and we don't want to give that up casually. So we're going to think very we carefully about how we do that. Simon, you asked about the T-Mobile towers. I think we've all been reading the same press reports and I understand that potentially, there's a consideration of them coming back on the market. You would expect us to be interested in taking a look at the asset. We certainly expect to do that, but I will tell you, we will be very disciplined about how we think about the value of the asset. We've got a lot on our plate. We are extremely excited as I mentioned in my remarks, about the growth prospects we have in front of us as a company, really positioned for the future and so we'll certainly take a look at any tower asset out there including this one, but I would expect us to be pretty disciplined in our review.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Dave, let me take your question around cell splitting and AT&T's comments on their call this morning around creating more capacity within their network. Cell splitting, as you know, is just that. It's utilizing a new site and reducing the size of the cell that a prior site was covering. And so certainly, with the top 72% of our towers in the top 100 markets and significantly more than any of our peers, cell splitting and capacity challenges occur where population density is the greatest. And so we certainly expect to be working actively with our customer AT&T on accommodating their needs to split cells and we expect to have significant numbers of sites, in fact, many of them already, that would accommodate that type of activity around cell splitting. And so we would expect to see some activity going forward in that regard. Obviously, it's just January so it's a little bit early to put that into any kind of guidance or outlook, but you can bet we'll be very actively in those conversations and that fits right into the other conversation we were just having around about DAS systems and I believe that they actually mentioned DAS as a technology and architecture they're pursuing. We already do business with AT&T at the DAS level and would expect that again, as I mentioned in my remarks, DAS will play an increasingly meaningful role in helping AT&T and all the carriers meet the capacity challenges in these dense urban environments or other places where a macro tower site won't provide the capacity that's required. And just let me expand on that just a moment. Because having been in this DAS business now for about 7 years, there was a time when it was very challenging to profile the leasing opportunity for a DAS system because a lot of these areas had what we would all term as sort of minimal or substandard coverage, voice coverage, from a traditional tower site. Well obviously, that standard, maybe 5 or 6 years ago, of what you potentially needed to hold a voice call, is just wholly inadequate today as we are all burdening these networks with broadband Internet expectations. And that is really why now you've seen this small-cell site architecture really come into the forefront and be a technology that is widely accepted and adopted. And it's really demand based. It's the fact that the capacity challenges and the demand on the networks have really come to this architecture and made it now a very attractive solution. Whereas before, 5 or 7 years ago, we didn't have these capacity challenges typically on a network and so notwithstanding the technology that was there as an opportunity, the lease-up opportunity was more elongated or difficult to underwrite. So anyway, happy to answer that and appreciated obviously, AT&T's comments this morning on the capacity needs.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Sure, Jason, I'll take the first one. I'll just say we'll be very disciplined. We're pretty proud of our shares. You've seen what we've done to take out 1/3 of the company over the last several years and we don't issue shares casually and so we'll be very disciplined in our review of any transaction that would require us to issue shares.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes, the vast majority of that will be over the first 12 months of ownership. In fact, potentially all of it in the first 12 months of ownership and that number obviously doesn't account for any additional business or leasing that you might expect. So that's just purely contracted. So we're having to swag the number a little bit here, but that's about as close as we can peg it.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Everybody's got to have a goal and we've got some pretty tall goals around here for this asset and so, if you come off the $33 million sort of run rate to start with, if you will, in terms of contracted less the full boat of G&A, could we see a business that's 5 to 6x bigger than that in 5 years? That's our expectation and certainly, our aspirational goal. And I will further say that I've not ever seen an opportunity in this industry where an asset that is in our case, 5% of the enterprise value of the company, could potentially, if you reverse engineer what I just said about growth, could potentially be well outside its size relative to contribution to growth. Many multiples of its relative size in terms of contribution to growth. And so we -- it's again -- it's incredibly analogous. The more time we spend on this, the more similar it feels and the economics, the more similar they feel to the original tower portfolios we acquired in 1999 where obviously, the carrier built sites in the major cities, have proven up over the last 12 years to be the most valuable and where revenue on those sites for example, just as we're revisiting history here, have more than tripled over the last 10 to 12 years. So again, we have high expectations and that's what that came from.
W. Benjamin Moreland: We're certainly encouraged by what we see with Clearwire and as they do their 4G LTE overlay and then also prospectively go back and do some infill in markets, we have expectations hopefully that we'll see some activity from them later in the year. And then Jon, on NextG in terms of growth in the aspirational targets I threw out, obviously, that's a sort of a business case. So that assumes co-location on existing networks as well as growth with building additional networks that we would capture in the marketplace. So then there's a capital component that we're not going to get into on this call, it's too early to do that, but suffice it to say that the capital deployed in this business, not unlike the early days of the towers business, if you get it right and we think we will, based on our current experience already is that these come at very high returns far in excess of any kind of hurdle rates that you want to impose on it. And so hence, the reason we did the transaction. We think it's accretive to not only growth but accretive to value.
W. Benjamin Moreland: I think you'll see us do both. The indoor is very attractive but each individual one is pretty small. So you've got to do a lot of them obviously, to make a meaningful difference and we are doing a lot of them, and we'll continue to. I mean, virtually every sports arena or public venue and ultimately, class A office buildings, we think are ultimately going to have a shared wireless infrastructure component to them and we got a long way to go in America at getting that done. And there's room from other players beyond ourselves, obviously. And so as that market continues to develop, we will continue have a very active indoor presence but we will also pursue outdoor of zip codes as we call them, neighborhoods and urban centers and things that we've described. I think it's really a -- it's both. You'll have outdoor and indoor, both attempting to meet the same capacity challenge that's uniform out there.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes, we are really pleased with Australia. It's too early to really see it much in the financial results but there's a lot going on right now down there. Not only the national broadband network that is sponsored by the government in terms of bringing broadband, fiber and wireless connectivity to essentially 100% of the population. So there's going to be leasing and build opportunities for us there. But there's also, for the very same reasons we see it here, renewed commitment on the part of the carriers to add capacity and improve networks in Australia. And I was just down there a couple of months ago and we have very high expectations. I won't put out a similar aspirational goal there that's in terms of guidance or anything but you should expect considerable more growth over the next 3 years than you've seen in the last 3 years in Australia and potentially, some investment opportunities down there as well. And it wouldn't surprise me at all to see us launch a DAS business in Australia. I think that's something that's going to make a lot of sense to us down the road. We will continue to evaluate other international markets. We've looked at a couple things and some friends in Western Europe recently. Don't really like what we see there in terms of the industry dynamics so much. We continue to believe the U.S. and the Australian market, which is almost identical to the U.S. in terms of market character, is the fastest-growing, most profitable market for the carriers and where the consumer demand for data demand, data is driving the capacity needs that's driving frankly, these businesses, our business in the U.S. And so, we think at the price that we see in the market today, this is the most attractive investment for us but others can have different views. We're going to continue to work on what we've got on our plate, and we're pretty excited about it.
W. Benjamin Moreland: On NextG, Clay, I'm not going get into specifically breaking out each individual revenue component of NextG. The early days of some of the networks were built in urban centers for some of the later rollouts, Metro PCS, Leap Wireless. The company today, NextG, does business with all of the major carriers in a significant way and we would expect that to grow materially over time with the lease-up opportunities that are resident for each of AT&T, Verizon and Sprint as well as new build opportunities for all of the major carriers including T-Mobile. So I think you'll see us a significant mix change. Today, it is not the majority of the revenue, it's not to the big 4, but over time, I think you'll see it change and probably flip such that the majority of the revenue going forward in my 5-year aspirational goal, I think it will look a lot more like the traditional tower portfolio that we have as the capacity needs are most acute in these large 4 carriers.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Brett, that's a great question. And it's one of the differences and I think, a favorable difference actually, DAS versus the tower work that we've done on the ground. To operate a DAS network in most jurisdictions, you're organized and have competitive local exchange carrier status, which gives you rights, certain contractual rights to access public rights of way and utility poles and easements. And so there's a established practice for what the pole attachment payments, or think of it as ground rent, are in those in markets and it's got to be consistently applied among really all users. For example, a cable company in a market. And so, it's a very sort of well trodden legal standard there of what gives us the access to those sites over a long period of time at very predictable expenses or payments. And so I don't think you have a circumstance here in the DAS business where you can be potentially, have the economics eroded over time because of what's happening on the ground, which obviously is a concern in the tower business and why we've spent the last 5 years working on the ground portfolio as we have. I really don't think you have that here. And in fact, a much more orderly and disciplined process of accessing the public right of way as a competitive local exchange carrier and we think that's pretty well established and a benefit of the business.
W. Benjamin Moreland: With spectrum, I think the best way to handle your spectrum question is we're not in the habit of really commenting on specifically spectrum as it relates to individual customers. But I think broadly, as you think about our business, it's important to remember that there are spectrum challenges and constraints really in all of the carriers, whether it's a capital constraint on build-out or utilization constraint. And so it's -- they are constantly looking for a cost effective way to utilize the spectrum or reuse the spectrum through cell splitting to get more value out of that spectrum asset. And so I think you're going to continue to see more and more reuse of spectrum as we all continue to put more demands on the network and you'll probably see some -- obviously, the DAS component of that become meaningful overtime and other offloading strategies like Wi-Fi even in stationary locations. So I would not get into individually on, with respect to each customer's situation, but obviously, the capacity challenges that we're all placing on these networks is making it a significant burden on the carriers today. I think we've got time for one more, and I'll say up front I appreciate everybody hanging with us on the call for 1 hour and 20 minutes this morning.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Mike, just to come back to your first question, just to add my 2 cents. I think it's January, still. So it's very early for us to be looking out for the year and see. But I think you can see beginnings of evidence that you could have more cell splitting in 2012 than you had in 2011. I don't know that that makes a material difference in our performance in any given year. Obviously, an activity, as you well know that starts in a year and carries forward, at best, you're only going to get a half year convention in that in your financial results. And so, we'll have to see, but ending run rate is always very important. And so we're very pleased with what we see for 2012. I want to thank everybody for bearing with us on this long-winded call today. We just felt like spending $1.5 billion since we last spoke to you deserved a little more explanation than 60 minutes would contain. So I appreciate you bearing with us. We're very excited for how we've positioned the company going forward. We've got a lot of work to do, and we look forward to speaking with you on the next call. Thanks again.
