Jay Brown: You bet. On your first question around the backlog in towers, obviously, as we spoke to, we had the highest level of activity in the company's history during 2021, and we're expecting that level of activity to continue into '22.  And if you frame it in terms of historical context, what's really unique about this cycle is that we've got 4 carriers deploying -- you've got AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile and DISH, all deploying network. They've got significant amount of spectrum to be deployed, and they have the capital to be able to deploy that.  I can't think of another time in history of our business where we've had 4 well-capitalized carriers with spectrum and the desire to deploy network. So we're certainly riding the wave of that.  In terms of what they're touching similar to past upgrade cycles, the focus for the 3 legacy carriers is to touch the sites where they are already existing on the assets, on the macro assets. And we would expect the next phase of 5G build-out will be to densify their network. And we expect that some portion of that densification is going to happen through new installations on towers that they're not located on. But a big part of that, we see that happening in terms of small cells and the 50,000 nodes that we booked over the last 12 months.  The commitments from them, I think really just speak to that is that second phase of network deployment as they start to try to densify the network and the need there is going to be both macro sites as well as significantly needing a lot of small cells in order to do it.  So in terms of the footprint being touched, they're going to touch virtually all of their existing sites as they upgrade through 5G. And that will take a few years to happen. So feel good about the activity that we're going to see again in '22. And then as we get to periods beyond that, we'll update you as we get later into the year and give our guidance in October later this year.  On your second question around the activity for fiber, we're -- we've been focused on building and owning high-capacity fiber in dense urban areas in the top U.S. market. And our strategy has been based on our view that as data demand grows, it will grow most significantly in the densely populated areas of the U.S. And those are the areas where macro sites, in particular, won't be able to handle all of the network capacity that's going to be created.  So I think as a general rule, you're going to continue to see our investments focused in those top markets. There are going to be some markets outside of the top 25, top 30 markets where we will go and build nodes for our carrier customer, but we wouldn't do that on a speculative basis.  So to the extent that one of our customers has a market, we assess that market as having good, attractive economics at an entry point similar to what we've talked about our return thresholds have been and we see lease-up from other carriers who are going to need those same areas, then we would be open to expanding that. But I think you're going to see the concentration of the capital as well as, frankly, the activity from the carriers to be really focused on those top U.S. markets.
Jay Brown: Simon, on your first question around M&A and how we think about this, core to the business around towers and small cells is certainly our focus and really don't see anything outside of our core business of towers and small cells that would be of any interest to us.  Around what markets to be in, I mentioned this a couple of times in my comments, we look at the U.S. market as the most attractive market in the world for investment in the kind of infrastructure that we want to own. We think the growth profile is most attractive here. And we also think the risk is the lowest.  And so as we've assessed both developing markets as well as developed countries, we just -- we don't see those 2 characteristics exist in the markets. And so we've stayed solely focused on the U.S. We continue to watch what's developing in the world and to see if maybe our calculus in our view would change over time with some characteristics.  But based on the work that we've seen today, we just don't -- we don't -- we haven't seen anything that's attractive to us -- and frankly, we're really excited about the opportunity to put capital work and continue to invest in the U.S. market because it does have that low-risk and high growth -- and we see that growth continuing unabated for a long period of time. So really excited about the opportunity in the U.S. I think we have plenty of places to put capital to work here in the U.S.  On the second question around ground leases. Now this has been an initiative we've been out for about 15 years. Our average ground leases are well over 30 years remaining on them on average. And so as we look at the ground underneath our assets, we're focused on both extending the leases to the extent that they start to get inside of the kind of a 10- to 20-year period of time.  And then where it makes sense to bring those leases on balance sheet in the form of an acquisition, we're certainly open to doing that. And at different points in time, as the markets move around, we get opportunities that arise. And we'll continue to do that. But given the maturity of the portfolio, there's not really any pressure on us to feel like we need to put capital to work to buy ground leases. So we'll do it. It's opportunistic when the financial returns make sense.
Jay Brown: On your first question, I would just -- without being really specific about individual carriers, I think the activity, as I spoke to a minute ago, that we saw in '21 and expect to carry into '22, we haven't seen anything that would cause us to look at our guidance and have to shift our expected growth in revenues.  The -- we have pretty good visibility, as you know -- pretty good visibility into what their deployment plans are. And so to the extent that to adjust those plans, we're probably 6 to 9 months away from seeing any impact in what we do. So it starts to -- if there is a movement upward, it would push it pretty late into this year and wouldn't have a real meaningful result impact on our results in calendar year '22.  It probably more portends what's going to impact as we start to think about site rental revenue growth going into 2023. So we'll continue to watch it and be responsive as they work on their 5G network.
Jay Brown: Yes, Nick. I would say framing that, I would think about 2 things. The first thing I would think about is the 50,000 node commitment that we received is a hard contractual commitment. So there's a balance whenever the carrier -- we're working with the carriers around contracted future leasing activity, whether it's on towers, for amendments or new installations or in the case of small cells, we're not going to get 100% of what they think they're going to build contracted and committed that early. So I wouldn't -- we don't view this and don't think this is 100% of everything they're going to need or contract for because they're just not going to make that level of commitment.  The second thing that I think is -- when I think about your question is the amount of and scale of the commitment relative to historical activity is really, frankly, astonishing. We've said this a couple of different times, but we've been at this for 10 years. We've got 50,000 nodes on air. And in the last 12 months, we've gotten 50,000 node commitment. So it feels to us like this is a very significant turning point.  And I think that turning point and the commitment from the carriers while we think about it in terms of -- in my comments, I talked about the return elements, the revenue growth elements and why it's important there. But the other aspect of this is how difficult these are to build, I think, is very well understood by our carrier customers.  And so there's an element to this of the carriers know they're going to need the site. And unlike towers where we can get them on air in 6 months, there has to be significant planning that goes into this. And they recognized the difficulty of it, which I think is really the value proposition that we bring to the table of and ability to deliver these nodes and implement.  And so it's really a statement of confidence also in our operating ability in addition to the macro elements of what's needed in order to make their networks work. And I think the combination of those 2 things is just really compelling.
Jay Brown: And Jon, one of the things maybe just to think about that, that I would add to Dan's comments around the MLAs is the more nearer period that you think about, the more certainty we have of that revenue stream. And as we get towards outer years, the more optionality we have towards the upside.  And we would think about it that way. And obviously, our counter-parties think about it that way as well because the nearer the term, the more certainty they have as to what exactly what they're going to need. And as we get into outer periods, then we end up with more optionality towards future growth. So this is just the nature of the way those contracts end up coming together usually.
Jay Brown: Yes, Rick, as we get into those outer periods, obviously, there's probably a little bit of movement as you would expect from year-to-year. So we're trying to give you a range that in each of the years we would be within. So we would expect it to kind of be 1% to 2%. And I don't think, at this point, we're ready to be more precise than that range.
Jay Brown: Yes. I think when we get out into the outer periods of time and history has been such great place to go back and look at how these networks get deployed and what ends up happening when there's consolidation churn. Today, putting a precise answer on that question, I don't think we have -- we don't have great visibility towards that.  We can range-bound it. We know kind of the outer limit of it around the 2%, the lower end of kind of 1%. And as they deploy the network and upgrade it to 5G as T-Mobile goes through that process, there were going to be some sites for sure that they're going to not need. There will probably also be some sites that today they look at and may be on the list of potentially losing that ultimately will have need as data growth occurs.  So I think as we get into those outer years, we'll be able to give you a better estimation. But in terms of modeling, when we look at the total business, we think as we look at the contractual committed revenues on our assets today, we're pretty confident we'll be inside that -- in between that 1% and 2% churn in any years other than the specific years we were calling out.
Jay Brown: Sure. So the pricing environment that we've talked about for years is unchanged. We've seen the economics, whether it's the 2 large deals that we spent a lot of time talking about this morning or as we do one-off markets with the carriers, we've seen that pricing stay in line.  In terms of our underwriting, we typically see a 6% to 7% initial yield on invested capital as we add a second tenant to those same assets or on that same network, we get into the double digits return, so above 10% yield. And then as Dan mentioned earlier, by the time we get to the third, then we're into the mid- to high teens in terms of our yields on invested capital as we add that third tenant.  We've seen that pricing basically be unchanged for the last 5 or 6 years. And so those are the economics you should expect as we add additional tenants.  Typically, when we're underwriting these investments, we will be -- we don't do anything speculatively. So we'll start off with some sort of 6 to 7 -- in the neighborhood of 6% to 7% initial yield on that investment. We're building it for a carrier purpose built. And in order for us to sign up for that, we're going to have a view on future tenancy and what will go there. And the things that we underwrite are going to have at least one additional tenant beyond that anchor tenant.  So we're underwriting things with yields that are into the double digits and then over time, getting and achieving that lease up to drive our returns above our -- well above our cost of capital.
Jay Brown: Thanks, Greg, for the questions. On the first question, I think it's a thoughtful approach to try to limit the number of truck rolls that you have in the network. And so obviously, AT&T is being thoughtful about how they're thinking about truck rolls and a number of times to touch a site because it just increases the cost of that activity.  It doesn't matter that much to us in terms of our ultimate financial results on site rental revenue, whether it's 1 or 2 touches in order to get to the steady state or the final state of the network. We're obviously happy to work with our customers as they do things like try to eliminate the number of truck rolls that they have in order to help them accomplish those lower cost deployments.  In terms of the pricing in the second part of your question related to that, we price based on space used up on the top of the tower, space used at the base of the tower, the ground space that the equipment takes up as well as our agreements are oftentimes spectrum-specific as to what they're deploying or using on those sites. So all 3 of those elements can impact the ultimate price on the site.  On the services question, we expect services, as we talked about in terms of tower activity, to be similar in '22 as it is in '21. We have a similar expectation around the services business in '22, relatively similar to what we saw in 2021. The timing in the quarters may change a little bit. But as you think about it in the totality of the year, our outlook assumes that services is about the same in '22 as it was in '21.
Jay Brown: Yes. Thanks for the question. We believe that to be the case. Certainly, the economic proposition that we have to the wireless operators on the tower side has proven out over 25 years that the shared infrastructure model reduces the cost of the network for the operators, and it has played out over a long period of time very successfully.  That exact same dynamic is at play with small cells, where we're willing to put up the capital and then deploy the capital initially and then share it across multiple operators such that each operator has a much lower cost of operating than what they would have if they own their own and each of them built their own network. So we absolutely see those dynamics at play.  And what you're highlighting around an environment where labor costs increase, inflationary pressures may drive up interest rates, I think it just underpins our value proposition to our carriers that we're happy to provide the capital at a much lower cost than what the markets can provide them capital because of the opportunity that we have to see returns from multiple operators across that same asset. So that's the business model and feel like we're really well positioned for that. And in a period of time where we're trying -- where everyone is trying to figure out ways to reduce overall costs, we're a very good alternative as they think about network deployment.
Jay Brown: There has not been any change in the behavior with our customers. And we don't expect there to be any impact to our 2022 outlook. Operator, maybe we have time for one more.
Jay Brown: Well, I think I'm trying to separate the difference between the large box data centers and the edge data centers, we see potential on the horizon for edge data centers to come to fruition in the wireless networks.  In the use cases, in order to get to a place where edge data centers are a meaningful opportunity for us, we're talking about cases that are upside cases. As we think about small cells, we'd have to get to that kind of level of data demand in the U.S. So if we get to kind of the upside cases on small cells and fiber and edge data centers are an opportunity, we feel like we're really well positioned with the assets that we have to capture that, and we would absolutely be willing to build out sites.  We've made some investments in Vapor IO. We have a good position there. It's an edge data center company. They've done well. We've built a number of their assets on our sites. And so we've got a good partnership there, and we're watching the development of that space. But for it to become meaningful in our operating results is a pretty big run from where we are today in terms of total data traffic that would be needed. And so that's where I would see our opportunity.  But don't see or frankly, I don't see an opportunity in the big box data centers today or in the future as being really a part of our core strategy.
Daniel Schlanger: Yes. And just to add to the maturity of the portfolio point there, Simon. Over 80% of our leases are either owned or greater than 20 years and the average life of the leases that are not owned are over 35 years. So as Jay mentioned, there's just no pressure for us to do anything unless the financial returns make sense at this point.
Daniel Schlanger: Yes. And David, to speak to the nonrenewal point, as we talked about when we announced the agreement, on the tower side, we think it's going to be a $200 million impact to 2025, which you can assume happens the first of the year and its $200 million through the course of the year. So it's all of that.  On the small cell side, it's a similar portion. It's about $45 million, the majority of which is in 2023. Again, you can just assume that happens at the beginning of the year and impacts the entire year. And the $10 million is a fiber solutions churn in 2022 is an impact of, again, $10 million to the total revenue in 2022. So I think you can -- for modeling purposes and how you think about it, just assume that happens on January 1. And it just -- it impacts revenues negatively by $10 million.
Daniel Schlanger: Yes. If you look year-over-year, it's relatively stable. So it's just when costs come in and what happens on a quarter-to-quarter basis. I would think that when you think about the cost structure, especially in our tower business, it's pretty stable over a long period of time.  So I would just ask that when you look into it, Nick, look at the year-over-year growth as opposed to any quarter-over-quarter moves, and that probably is more indicative of what's going to happen through the course of long periods of time, including in our 2022 guidance.
Daniel Schlanger: Yes, John. A couple of things drove it. One is just performance in the business as we continue to add more revenue to existing fiber, either through -- both through fiber solutions and colocating small cells on the assets we already own. So I think part of that is just the continuation of proof that this business does generate incremental returns that add to the overall yields.  But I think there was a little bit of it that the -- when we called out some expense reductions in the fourth quarter that we didn't expect. Those hit on the fiber side and therefore, increased the gross margin and ultimately, the yield because we -- that calculation is in last quarter annualized. So we got the benefit of that kind of onetime $10 million reduction in expenses.  So some of it is from that too, but the majority of the increase in the yield is because the business is just performing well and we're increasing the revenue and returns on the assets that we already own.
Daniel Schlanger: Yes. So first of all, on the tower side, there is substantial growth there, and that's all just in the performance of the towers. We are continuing because this business is a great business to add revenue on existing towers, which increases the yield, which we would anticipate to happen in 2022 as well.  The timing of when we're going to get the fiber business to an 11% yield, we've always had a hard time answering that question specifically because it really matters not only the amount of small cells we get, but how many are co-located.  As Jay pointed out, though, we're going to make significant progress towards that, given the 50,000 that we just booked. Because not only do we get a lot, a significant portion of them are going to be co-located on the existing assets, which will drive that yield up. And what's so important to understand about that is at the same type of maturity time frame of towers, we were much below the 8% that we're on at the fiber business right now.  So we think that the proving out of the small cell business is happening faster than what happened with towers and that we will get to those 11%. And as we've talked about, as we get to 3 tenants for an overall small cell deployment, we'll get into the -- that drives the returns up to the mid- to high teens.  So we feel like there's a lot of upside that is going to be realized in our fiber business, and those yields will creep up and approach in where we are with towers and towers will continue to increase also. So hopefully, you'll continue to ask the question of when are you going to get to the 12% on towers or the 13% on towers. And we'll keep saying we're going to chase it with small cell.
Daniel Schlanger: The capital intensity on the colocation is substantially lower than capital intensity on anchor builds. And as we start getting clarity around what the timing is of building those nodes, both anchor builds and co-locations within the 50,000, we'll continue to update you on the capital. But right now, what we believe is that the capital in 2022 will remain relatively consistent with what we saw in 2021.  But it's clear that, over time, we would anticipate that to go up because we're going to increase the number of nodes being put on air from what we expect this year to be 5,000 to what we expect next year to be over 10,000. So we expect an increase in capital but not commensurate with the increased number of nodes because the capital intensity is coming down.  On the long-term MLAs and the percentage under those, we think of our MLAs as the way we structure the growth. So whether we put it in an MLA or take it a la carte, that growth is going to occur because our assets are so important to the functioning of the network. And we've signed a lot of MLAs, but we always think about what is the best present value we can get within them. And whether we go a la carte or more holistic pricing is really dictated by the NPV we get plus the benefits that both we and our customers get from having holistic pricing, just making it easier to operationalize.  But we also always leave room for upside through that. So we're not pricing all of our tower capacity and saying that's what we get paid within our MLAs. We're pricing it with respect to how much activity we think is going to happen. So we believe that the contracts provide all of that, both the underlying contractual obligations plus the upside and the operational ease that comes with having more pre-described pricing, which is really all it is because -- like I said, however, we want to monetize the growth, we think there's going to be growth and we are monetizing it.
Daniel Schlanger: No. No, the 10,000 of gross out of nodes. The 5,000 will be decommissioned in 2023. So yes, the 10,000 is the gross or more than 10,000, and then the 5,000 will be decommissioned.
Daniel Schlanger: Yes. I won't speak specifically to the $50 million a year, but you're right that, that $250 million will drop over time. And it will ultimately, obviously reverse towards the back half of the 12-year agreement. So yes, it's going to be somewhere generally in that range.
Daniel Schlanger: Yes. Yes. Well, it's just -- it didn't happen in the period that we are reporting on in the supplement. So we wanted to put it in the period that it actually occurs. So we'll have that all laid out really well in our supplement after the first quarter earnings.
Daniel Schlanger: And one of the things that we've talked about historically and remains to be true is that when we talk about a second tenant, it doesn't have to be a second specific customer that the first tenant coming in and densifying on their own network can be their own second tenant.  And we will see the economics that look almost exactly the same, whether it's the same company or a different company as the second tenant. And that's true in these agreements as well as any time that we're seeing the densification on the existing network, that those will drive returns that are very consistent with everything Jay just talked about.
Daniel Schlanger: Yes, Amir, I'll only speak to it at a really high level, and then I would let you inquire of each of the carriers as to how they're thinking about it. The conversations that we have brought to fruition the 50,000 nodes that they committed to.  And so we have an understanding of how they're thinking about their markets, where they're wanting to densify, how they're thinking about putting it in places where we have existing fiber or not. So we have a good view of that. But specifically how they're thinking about spectrum management and densification, that's really a question that I think they should speak to.
Daniel Schlanger: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining this morning. And let me just conclude by thanking our employees for a job well done in 2021. The level of activity is remarkable. The way you delivered for our customers was outstanding. And so thank you for all of your work. I know you're already busy working on 2022, but thank you for what you accomplished in '21, and I look forward to talking to all our investors next quarter. Thanks for joining.
