Jay Brown: Sure, Simon. On the first question around the leasing environment, as we talked about over the last couple of calls, our view is that leasing activity in the full year ‘16 is going to be very similar to what we saw in 2015 and we continue to hold that view. The guide that we have provided was based upon how we outperformed in the first quarter along with our view that the tenant non-renewals were going to occur a little later in the year and that’s really what changed in our outlook. So, our view of activity is about the same. Similar to past years, the other thing I would note is that if you look at our total new leases that we would expect during the course of the year and that will be a combination of new leases on towers as well as amendments to existing leases, that activity is about 40% in the first half of the year and about 60% in the second half of the year. So it’s back-end loaded, but in about the same way that as we typically find in the business. On your second question about the non-renewals, our view is that in total from consolidation churn that we have talked about over the last several years, in total, we think that amount is about the same as it was previously. So, we have moved out portions of that. Some portion of that we moved to 2017 and the balance of it we moved to periods that are beyond 2017. So, at the moment, our view would be the total non-renewal stays about the same. We are just pushing it up to the right a little bit. There is more details in the supplement people would like to see how we moved each of those on our view in each of the calendar years, but I would say overall we think it’s about the same total amount of non-renewals.
Jay Brown: Sure, Brett. I think at the site gross margin line obviously as you bring on the new systems, we are going to bring on new costs. And so those margins are somewhat representative. But on what you would think of is overhead primarily people and infrastructure, it looks to us like we are getting pretty close to a stabilized run-rate at this current level of activity. Now, I qualify that because to the extent the pipeline would grow materially over time, these are fantastic investments and we have seen productive growth and yield on that investment and it takes additional variable cost in the form of overhead and people. So, I would tell you for modeling purposes we are pretty close as of the Q1 run-rate and less volume changes dramatically.
Jay Brown: I would say it for the most part its markets we are already in. I can find you a few new ones, but we are working in the top 25 cities already and that’s where the vast majority of what we are doing. And so you should expect that’s where the most of this is going to be.
Jay Brown: I think there is two components, Phil, that’s driving it. One is as we have discussed the churn is basically offsetting a big portion of the new leasing activity that we are seeing. And then as you look at the GAAP revenue numbers and the segment for towers, you don’t see in those GAAP numbers the benefit of the escalation, the contracted escalation that we have in the business as those are straight-lined over the term of the lease. So, when you go down to the AFFO metric, we get the benefit at the AFFO line of those cash escalations. The other component I would point out is as we have talked about last quarter around some of the fees that we received when tenant non-renewals occur we refer to those commonly as pay and walk fees that we received from the carriers. Last year, there was about $30 million to $40 million of those pay and walk fees in our services business. We don’t expect anywhere close to that scale of activity in calendar year ‘16 as we saw in ‘15. And so as we guided to services, we have guided down in services from the renewable of those kind of fees to the tune of about $30 million to $40 million year-over-year. And so if you are just looking at the tower segment and you are looking at adjusted EBITDA or the segment operating profit, you are going to see mostly impacted from those none – what we would refer to as non-core services activity.
Jay Brown: Yes. Jon, on your first question, as we talked about the Sunesys acquisition, our view of that was that was fiber plant that provided an opportunity for us over time to reduce the capital costs required for us to deploy small cells. So we put it into the business and we are not focusing on it as a separate business from our overall small cell business. So the contribution there – frankly, we are much more focused on driving the return as Ben talked about it on the full $3 billion and using that fiber to deploy additional small cells against it. With regards to the competitive environment that we are in, obviously there are a number of folks who look at this business and see it as attractive and concurrent – can obviously see the public comments with the wireless operators they are making about the importance of small cells and how they are necessary to improve their networks along the lines of what Ben’s comments were and the necessity of small cells in order to accomplish the density of networks that are required to meet the consumer’s expectation for devices. And so we do find competition – sometimes that competition comes from more nationally based fiber operators. And then in other times as we are in certain markets, there may be a provider of fiber that’s specific to a single market alone. And so we will run into them as we are going to the process of a request or a proposal from the carriers, where a local provider may be in that process. So at the end of the day, we believe that our opportunity here is based upon our access to a cost of capital and a return on that capital that we think is very attractive given what we have seen over the long period of time that we have been in the tower business. We also believe that we are the best at it. So we have built, in terms of scale, I think unmatched scale and operating capabilities when compared to anyone. And certainly, as we talk to the wireless operators, we make that case. The last thing that I would say in terms of what we run into is the vast majority of this fiber and small cells are purpose built. They need to be in specific locations, long routes where we can install on poles as we showed in some of the pictures and illustrated in some of the cases. And this fiber is very different than – we believe it’s very different than what we have seen historically deployed. And so as we go out and purpose build this fiber, it really – as we are in the process of working with the carriers, that’s where the operational expertise and scale is helpful to us to win those next projects.
Jay Brown: No. In both cases, there are – as you can see from the map, there are locations there that would obviously make sense for towers to be located and there are. And those carriers have macro coverage in both Las Vegas and Denver in those areas. These small cells are largely an opportunity for the carriers to offload some of the data traffic off of the macro site onto a small cell, which improves and enhances the value of the macro site to cover a larger geography. And we have not seen, as we have deployed – as we talk d about nearly $385 million of run rate revenue, we have not seen carriers come off of macro sites. In fact, we believe and from the comments that carriers have made and our own experience was it actually enhances the value of their macro site. So this is a product that enhances their network. It’s not a substitute. And the last point I would make about that is from a cost standpoint, if there is a macro site that solves the problem or the challenge or improves the network, the macro site is always preferable as a solution because it’s much more cost effective to the carriers. So small cells are a solution when macro sites really can’t solve the need and then it becomes a necessary component of the network at that point.
Jay Brown: That’s correct, Ric. We still believe that the contribution to revenue growth was about $55 million. So I made the earlier comments about towers. I actually said the same thing about small cells. Our view of revenue growth is unchanged in terms of what we expect in calendar year ‘16 from the contribution of small cells of about $55 million...
Jay Brown: Yes. Our contract in small cells, are very similar to that of towers where we have an initial term of 10 to 15 years and annual escalations on those revenue streams. Similar to towers, they would be straight lines over the term of the lease and the cash escalations would grow on an annual basis.
Jay Brown: Yes. I think it’s just as we are building the run-rate and folding in Sunesys, some of the – as we looked at the Sunesys acquisition, some of the expertise as we found in frankly the other acquisitions that we have done over time, we found opportunities for folks that we thought could continue to grow and enhance our business over the long-term. And so we probably ended up retaining a few more folks than what we would have thought initially going into the process. And so as people come out of what would have effectively been the pull-down and rundown of the prior business that we are now folding them into the run-rate on the ongoing small cell segment.
Jay Brown: Yes, it’s largely – Matt, it’s largely related to the equipment that gets installed. In some occasions, the carriers will actually have us purchased the equipment – their equipment to the system and then there is a slight markup to that, which is how the margin is generated. As you can see from the numbers, it’s a relatively small contribution of services gross margin, a couple of million dollars. We don’t expect that to grow. It’s very different than what we would expect on the tower side, obviously. So frankly, from a margin standpoint, and I will think that’s interesting, I would tell you that our expectation would be we will probably produce somewhere between $2 million and $10 million a year of margin, but unlikely to be more than that from services margin in the small cell segment.
Jay Brown: Yes. Amir, I think what I would say to that end and we try to be pretty careful about this over the last several quarters with the carriers. We don’t want to get in front of them in terms of what their network architecture is, and that’s really a question they should speak to how they are thinking about equipment and installations on towers. I would tell you as we look at the activity in total on towers, we think that, that activity, which is going to come from a myriad of sources including the one you referenced, we think that’s about the same level of new leasing activity this year is as what we had last year. That’s a bit elevated from the levels that we saw in 2014. And as we talk about our long-term target, that Ben and I both mentioned that 6% to 7% growth in AFFO and dividend per share on an annual basis. What we have embedded in that is a leasing environment for towers that looks fairly similar to what the environment we are currently in today. And our experience over a long period of time is that as the carriers need or acquire additional spectrum or upgrade their technologies to the newest and latest technology. As the sources of that revenue growth tend to move among the carriers, among the technologies and among the spectrum band, but we see a relatively consistent amount of revenue growth year-to-year. In fact, as you go back over a multi-year period, you can find that the vast majority of the leasing activity in any given year is within a band of about 10% to 20% up or down. And so it gives us a lot of confidence in the business as we think about longer term, our 6% to 7% metric in AFFO growth that it would appear to us our assumption of that current level of leasing growth is a fairly well placed assumption as we look at it through a different – a number of different cycles over a long period of time. So we certainly spend some time watching and having conversations with the carrier about what they are doing specifically with certain technologies. But we will let them to speak for that and we will focus on what we think the impact to kind of revenues are as they take those various actions over time.
Jay Brown: Sure. It generally takes us about 18 months to 24 months to build a brand new system. So we have a pipeline that we are currently working on today. It would be in the soft cost stage for systems that we won’t turn on likely until 2017 and 2018. For new tenants, when they are – as they are co-locating on existing systems, that process can take anywhere between 9 months and 18 months depending on the dynamics in the market. And so we have a pipeline of those activities as well. What we are seeing in terms of the revenue growth in small cells this year of $55 million, those would have been projects that we started a number of years ago that are now into the run rate. So I would say, in small cells, we have a little bit more visibility about what the revenue growth is going to look like given the construction timeframe, whether that’s co-location or new system. So we do have a view for that. And back to my prior point, that’s baked into our view of growth of 6% to 7% AFFO per share. So we are assuming that we continue to see the current level of activity over an extended period of time. To the extent that we have opportunities beyond that and we would have to revisit that growth rate. That – our working assumption is that we both invest into the activity that’s in and around the same levels we are currently seeing.
Jay Brown: Sure Mike. On the AT&T and T-Mobile acquisitions that we did, those towers in terms of their new revenue growth are performing in line with the rest of our towers. So we haven’t seen any meaningful difference in leasing, which was our underwriting assumption going into those acquisitions. In both cases, we assume that we would add about one tenant per tower per year over the first 10 years of ownership. And as we look at our consolidated results, that’s about what we are seeing in terms of new leasing activity across the whole portfolio and we are seeing it pretty consistently across many. On your second question about churn, we have obviously had discussions with the carriers, but again I would like to be careful about – regarding some of those conversations. They have been pretty public about their desire to ramp those legacy networks down. We think the locations are obviously great. And at some point, we are picked specifically for those networks. So there may be the opportunity over time for some of the sites to get renewed. But right now based on what the carriers have both said publicly and indicated to us, we think the best long-term assumption is to say that those sites will eventually not be renewed and so we take that into our outlook.
Jay Brown: Sure. On the first question, I think it’s probably a level of granularity that at this point, we haven’t disclosed around organic growth. You can obviously see from the two businesses that the growth on small cells is much higher on a percentage basis than that of towers, which in part comes from the fact that we are coming off a much lower base. And so if we add tenant nodes across the systems, that’s going to result in higher percentage growth. With regards to the 6.8% moving down towards 6% over the course of the year, we look at the business and find it to be helpful to look at it much more on a year-over-year basis rather than taking into kind of quarter-to-quarter as there can be things, whether it’s the timing of the non-tenant, non-renewals or the timing of leasing, that impacts that. And you brought up exactly the right point when you referenced my earlier comments to Simon about 40% in the first half of the year and 60% in the back half of the year. What happened in past years as 60% of the leasing activity went on the towers late in the balance of 2015, those come into the run rate obviously, it’s on reported numbers, whether that GAAP numbers or the organic metrics that we have. Those won’t show up until basically the first quarter in fulsome this year. So that has some impact to those numbers. And as we go over the course of the year the licenses and I was specifically referring to the new leases that we would do with carriers over the course of the year. Those leases that we have signed in the fourth quarter of this year will have very little to no impact to site rental revenue in this calendar year. Those will just be in the run rate as we go into next calendar year. So there is some balancing over time that leads to those differences. The other thing I would point out is just – you have just got the law of large numbers also. So as we move through this over time from a percentage basis, we are going to lose somewhere in the neighborhood of about 40 basis points assuming a constant level of activity, 40 basis points to 50 basis points on the revenue growth number from an activity standpoint and that’s why we spend so much time talking about $115 million of nominal growth. And on the tower side that’s really the best indication of what the activity doing either up or down from kind of that baseline number. So the percentage change is a combination of looking at quarters and trying to figure out what does it look like period-to-period and then also the law of large numbers.
Jay Brown: Sure. The cable companies in various markets would be in the list of competitors. From time to time, we run across them. And in particular, your question has been around the uniqueness of the fiber, it really goes to the capacity and the fact that all the cable plant, whether they dedicate it to either sort of cable or enterprise is experiencing dramatic growth in bandwidth requirements across the universe. And as we look at what these small sales require in terms of typically a distributing tennis system architecture takes a pair of strands for every node. That’s a very – essentially like a dark fiber connection. That’s a very significant burden to put on existing plant in many markets. And so certainly, there are some, like we found Sunesys that had capacity. Obviously, we moved on that. But as a general matter, it’s not uniform and it’s not interchangeable. And so you really have to look at it almost block by block, city by city where we have an engagement and where we can take advantage of existing fiber either through leasing something occasionally or acquiring it, we will, but that’s in the vast minority except for the footprint we acquired with Sunesys. So, that’s probably not as clear as we can be. Appreciate that bandwidth requirements for all connectivity is going up not just wireless.
Jay Brown: Yes, I think on the first question, we obviously showed – we showed two systems there. We tried not to pick actually the best systems that we had, but we tried to pick some that we thought were somewhat representative as the markets develop. And we have got three carriers on one of those and a third carrier going on in the next – inside of the next 6 months. So, we are seeing activity from all four of the operators on small cells and the business and contribution of the revenue from that business is not being driven solely by one carrier any longer. So, we are seeing good diversity of revenues and opportunities with the carriers and think that will continue.
Jay Brown: On the acquisition pipeline, from time to time, we may find an opportunity that makes sense to acquire and roll some towers in. TDC was bit of a unique circumstance for us. That was a firm that we partnered with back in the 2008, 2009 timeframe to go out and build towers and acquire some towers and then we had an option to call those assets in at an appropriate – what we thought was an appropriate financial return at some future date. So, we exercised a call option that we had in that transaction. We see towers from time to time trade, but they are relatively small acquisition. And frankly, most of the capital as we have had opportunities to deploy it outside of the TDC acquisition, which I would describe is a bit unique. We focus most of our efforts and capital investment on small cells and have not seen attractive multiples in the tower space recently.
Jay Brown: It’s about the same currently, about 75% new systems that we are building and then about 25% co-location.
Jay Brown: They would have a tail-off of that. I think if I understand your question correctly, they would have a tail off of that node like similar to the picture that we are showing that would go down to the fiber run, which would be in the street.
Jay Brown: There is. And as Ben just mentioned a second ago about how we take these examples, if we were to show this in a central business district, if we were to show you even New York City and the systems that we have deployed in New York, you would see that those nodes are much closer together than three quarters of a mile.
Jay Brown: And so it really depends on density of population, the amount of traffic that would be required in order to provide the solution.
Jay Brown: That’s correct. And over time, you will likely have densification over time even on these systems. So as the load continues to grow, you will have more on an existing system.
Jay Brown: It depends. In some markets, the answer to that question is yes. So it depends on what spectrum the carriers are deploying and what the local zoning and planning restrictions are. So in the example that we gave in Las Vegas, you can see that as we had multiple carriers come along, we went on what we would commonly refer to as – we call it, the next pullover. Really that’s another pole that’s along the existing fiber strand. Oftentimes, that’s driven by local zoning and planning restrictions and so it really does not matter to us whether it goes on the same…
Jay Brown: Yes. I think we will have to take a look where the rules ultimately come out and then analyze where that falls out to our business. I would say that the tone in Washington as well as the deployment of these networks is largely positive for our business. But we will wait and see what the final form of those rules come to and then we would be happy to comment on that and that point about it.
Jay Brown: Sure. On the first question, the margins on small cells are impacted by two things. One was the Sunesys acquisitions that we did. So that makes the incremental margins and growth in revenue like a little different than what we would typically see. It was just systems without the acquisition that we put into it. So that’s part of the impact. The other thing is exactly what you said, which is we have systems that have been on air and are benefiting from co-location as well as we are putting meaningful amounts of capital investment in for systems that start with just one tenant. And so the combination of those two things, along with the co-location is what yields – what meets out the ultimate margin. Again, we are looking at two things. One is the underlying business, is co-location happening and how does that develop over time. And then the second thing is as we allocate capital, new capital on new systems, does that makes sense against the broader environment. We think on both fronts, we are growing in our comfort in the business and encouragement and excitement about what could be in the small cell business as it develops very similar to what we have seen over a longer period of time in towers. To your second question about straight line revenues, just taking the simple example of a 10-year lease in the first 5 years of that 10-year lease, the reported GAAP revenues would be above the cash received. And in the second 5 years of the 10-year contract, the cash received would be above the GAAP revenues. So as you note on that slide there, we refer to that as the revenue eclipse that is occurring and we are nearly there. So we believe without meaningful amount of extensions would likely be the case over the next several years is that we will have cash receipts that are in excess of reporting GAAP revenues. And that’s why we spend so much time focusing on AFFO per share because it removes that vagaries and focuses on the cash receipts from those lease contracts.
Jay Brown: I think that wraps this up. Thanks everybody hanging a little longer with us today. We had a long list of questions and look forward to another very good year. Thanks very much.
Ben Moreland: Yes. I think that specifically if you are trying to do the year-over-year comparison, the step in the costs are obviously mostly related to the Sunesys acquisition, which comes at a lower margin and therefore the costs flow through. If you are looking at the incremental margin, the incremental margins are not going to look as high as what we typically see when we are constructing these small cell systems. So, I think that would be one thing I would raise. And then if you look at the total cost structure for the full year as we talked about last quarter, the G&A in the fourth quarter – third and fourth quarter of last year is about where we expect for the full year 2016. So by the time we exit the year if you look at it on a full year basis, it starts to stabilize but you are still in the effects if you do Q1 ‘15 over Q1 ‘16 as the cost grew throughout calendar year.
Ben Moreland: I think if you looked at an individual system, what you would find is when it gets to three carriers the direct margins from those systems against the direct operating costs those margins are very likely to be higher than what we typically would find with the tower that had three tenants on them. As a part of – as you look at the whole business, there is two things that affect that back to my prior comment about the Sunesys acquisition, obviously, the incremental growth in revenues is going to be offset by the cost that come with an acquisition. So, if we have acquisitions that will impact the totality of the margins in that segment. But the other aspect to it is that we are deploying a meaningful amount of capital to build additional fiber and additional small cell networks. And as we put those systems on air, they are going to tend to mute the growth that we would have. So, there is a bit of a – we often referred to it as like a vintage analysis internally where we look at the systems similar to those that we shared this morning in Denver and Las Vegas that we have had on air for a period of time. As we add those tenants, the direct margins on those systems will look – we believe will look at least as good or if not better than what towers would. But as we look at the totality of the segment, it’s going to depend on how much investment opportunity we have there as to whether or not the full benefit of that co-location flows through to your margins or whether it’s offset by the value of investing in future systems that come on at a lower margin level.
Ben Moreland: And most importantly, obviously, is yield on the capital. So, we start off typically at a higher initial yield in the tower and then grow it over time at typically a rate that exceeds the equivalent tenancy on a tower, so that was some of the Jay’s comments around those two case studies.
Ben Moreland: Sure. I think the simplest way Dave, to look at where we are in the business is to annualize sort of the run rate margin in the segment, so 61 times 4, call it $240 million or against $3 billion of capital spend over time. And it’s easier to remember the three because we can remember the two distinct events. One was $1 billion for NextG at about a 4% yield and the Sunesys acquisition last year of $1 billion at about 6% yield. So you can see that the – obviously, the incremental contribution on that last $1 billion is very significant, it’s in the sort of double digits to drag the whole thing up. And that’s illustrated – that’s a macro view and it’s illustrated obviously in Jay’s two case studies we walked through. So it’s a great question and it’s one we look at. It’s probably the number one thing we watch, it’s just are we dragging that overall yield up with that incremental contribution both from new systems and then the co-location that occurs. And as Jay said, it’s a long raise because it should bring on new systems to single tenants, it’s a land grab, not unlike the tower business has been. So you are bringing on somewhat lower yields and then I think it grows over time. In terms of metrics, one of the things that we are – and we have not given you a lot more detail we realized around segment reporting, that will probably increase over time. One of the things that Jay was talking about was tenant nodes and that’s why we illustrated these two systems, where you can have tenant nodes locate by themselves on the common fiber. So if you either have them collocated themselves where you have two tenants on one pole or you can have two tenants on two poles. And so the node metric is somewhat confusing or lost and it’s why I think it makes sense to go back to sort of the financials. And then over time, there are various things that we made a slide to discuss would be revenue per fiber mile for example, obviously a key driver. The fiber is the vast majority where the capital goes, and so we are working to find some simple metrics for everyone like we have in the tower business it’s just not quite as simple, but hopefully it’s getting better.
Ben Moreland: I think maybe over time as we continue to develop and enhance the operational information systems that we have internally and obviously as we broaden the Sunesys acquisition and the growth we have seen in the business, we are working on that. We may come to a place where we have an operating metric that we think is helpful. Frankly, as we manage the business, what’s a little different between small cells and towers is that I wouldn’t describe the rent as much as a standard rent, as what you typically see in towers. The systems are priced and we provide them to the carriers based on a return. And so as we look at the business, we tend to go back to the financials and look at what’s the net capital we are investing in the system against the recurring cash flows in those systems and then how do we price appropriately both the first tenant and then future tenants on those systems. So we have talked about things like you remember back in the early days of the tower business where we have things like the DDEs, which is the broadband equivalent for towers and that was a revenue metric. We just want to make sure that as a focus kind of the next leg of disclosure of the business, have gotten larger that we described it in a way that is helpful. And so we may over time get to a place where we feel like some of those metrics are more helpful. But at the moment, we think probably the best way to focus the attention is around the segment reporting that we provided. And then some of these case studies may be helpful as you start to understand operationally how they are deployed, how the carriers think about them and how we are investing capital in the fiber, against which we are trying to co-locate as many nodes as possible.
Ben Moreland: Sure, Matthew. There is a lot of inherent exclusivity in what we are building and it goes really to the purpose-built nature of the fiber and the very significant capacity and strand count that’s required on these systems today. So, while it’s possible for someone to come in, we don’t have exclusivity obviously – somebody can come overbuild technically. Economically, it doesn’t make any sense. And I would go back to the question of the addressable market and the competitive landscape, it is an enormous world out there obviously when you start looking at the world block by block. And I look at – we are in Houston and I look at Houston today where there is two large systems getting built, one by ourselves and another by competitor and we don’t overlap at all. And so that’s the way these are working kind of all across the country where it makes sense. I think it’s unrealistic on our part to think that the carrier is going to give us 100% of their market share in a particular area that’s as much as we love that to happen. That’s just not realistic. And so we have competitors. They are gaining in terms of their own capability and the economics around the transactions make it such that very much like towers, it just doesn’t make any sense. Once you have the capacity in the market and you have one or two carriers already on that system to come in and essentially duplicate that infrastructure. It’s not already there, I guess is the point and we are having to largely build it or occasionally buy it like we did with Sunesys, where some of you will recall when we bought Sunesys it was only 27% utilized on average in terms of strand count. So, we have a lot of capacity in those metropolitan markets, where Sunesys fiber was and obviously that’s a speed to market advantage and efficiency and around the cost, lot cheaper to buy it with a run-rate than build at scratch.
Ben Moreland: Yes. Amir, this is Ben. Look, we took a big step with initially NextG, which was a little bit early maybe and has worked out pretty well and then Sunesys last year with the footprint we acquired to a point. We have also done I think two or three smaller just sort of single market deals that made sense based on specific engagements that we have where we can buy versus build. And we are constantly looking at those opportunities, but there is nothing out there on the horizon that’s significant today. But I would tell you when it has to pass the filter of we are supporting wireless infrastructure, first and foremost. We are supporting the wireless sort of broadband capacity build-out that’s happening on the small cell networks. And so that takes us to these top 25 metros typically, which is an enormous geography to cover when you starting think about it that way, again at the block by block level. So, there is just not that many in the universe of sort of addressable targets. We may do a few more, but I wouldn’t say there is anything on the horizon right now that looks like Sunesys.
Ben Moreland: And just to finish the thought, for most of you, you have heard me say this many times, that up or down 20% on tower leasing in any given year is about a 1% change in AFFO per share outcome and one of the many reasons we like this business.
Ben Moreland: We also try to pick two examples that were a little counterintuitive, because we have all – we can always envision a CBD market where that would be sort of the urban core these being out in a more suburban environment indicate the scope of the opportunity out there and the addressable market is enormous.
Ben Moreland: And one other point just to the earlier questions about kind of metrics and how to look at this example is also helpful if you would compare a central business district. The cost of deploying that fiber is significantly more expensive too. So you can’t look at a system like what we have laid out in Denver or Las Vegas. If you just looked at a node per mile, you would expect to have fewer nodes per mile, that may deliver the same yield as meaningfully denser nodes per mile in the central business district and that would come down to cost and rent and other things which we negotiate with the carriers in each system based on the cost and needed return.
Ben Moreland: Directionally, where we are headed with fixed wireless broadband whether it’s 4G or beginning of 5G is obviously very positive for us. But we will see how that develops.
