Jay Brown: So on the first one Brett, to your comment in each of the three areas that we talked ABOUT both towers, small cells and fiber we expect the contribution from new revenue growth to be higher in 2018 than it was in 2017. Towers is up about 5% from about 105 million to 110 million, small cells is up from about 40 million to 55 million and then fiber, fiber solutions is up 25 to 45. So we are seeing that growth across the board in each of the three areas where we are selling communications space on communication asset. To your second question I think I would point to the comments that made recently which would reflect the entire pipeline of small cells. This would be true in the quarter as well as true in our outlook for 18 that we expect about 70% of the activity that we are seeing on small cell to be anchored builds and we would describe that as building new fiber to cover geographic range plus the accretion for Lightower and we are were pretty, we think the Lightower deal is going to close by the end of the year and so we are confident and not wanted to declare the dividend based on that. But I think it's both a gift and part of Lightower though to answer your first question. On the second question on FirstNet, I don't get specifically into any one customer what we assumed in the growth but we did not in the 2018 outlook that we did not put in anything from assuming that with any deployment of FirstNet obviously we’ve read and had conversations about what that will likely look like over time but at this point we don't have enough visibility to really put it into our 2018 numbers to the extent we had develops as we get into the course of 18 we will happy to update the outlook based on it.
Jay Brown: You are right, and in fact to say, we’ve talked about churn over the years. We have always put in kind of the book end and think about it and talk about at the book end ultimately what's realized tends to be less than that bookend of the worst case scenario. As we would think about 2018 our outlook would assume basically what we have visibility to and still some of the worst case if everything comes down. Our experiences has been it's not as significant as the bookend assuming that everything comes down but I would tell you based on kind of when we talk big picture about 7% to 8% growth in dividends over the long-term we try to be balanced in that view. So a part of that balancing is what's going to happen with churn and we assume kind of the worst case scenario in that longer term view and then our short term view we will adjust that based on what we actually earned from the carriers as we get closer to those conversations.
Jay Brown: On the first question, small cell activity is continuing to deliver what we expected, obviously as you can see from the step to 18 we think the activity level is going to increase in 18, the teams are working at those nodes on air and based on how we’ve been able to align the operations, you’re seeing the step in the results in 18 as a result of the operating capabilities of the team. The other thing I would point to is some of the case studies that we talked to when we did the Lightower acquisition on the call, we’re see those return dynamics continue to play out for the assets that we’ve owned for a long period of time and the densest markets in the U.S. those are continuing to see healthy leasing activity at a rate that’s about twice a level of lease out that we’ve seen historically in the tower business so we’ve continued to see that play out. And then from a return standpoint, the returns continue to be very attractive initial yields in the 6% to 7% with anchor build and then as we add additional tenants the returns move into the teams and beyond as we lease up beyond that and that’s been the operating performance that’s continued to remain in the quarter. On Lightower we’re far enough along in terms approvals as we go through federal and state approvals that were required on the transaction to be confident that at this point that we will be able to close it before we get to the end of the year. We’re obviously working as hard as we can to close it as quickly as we can and to the extent that we clear all of the hurdles we will give you an update when we clear those hurdles as to the exact timing. But for now we’re confident we will have it closed by the time we get to January 1st which is why we included in the outlook.
Jay Brown: We will be able to work with the current status there, so it doesn’t give us any concerns about our ability to deliver on the timelines that we provided.
Jay Brown: Sure. On the win rates for small cells they continue to about what we believe is about half of the total activities that’s going in the market which is consistent to the last few quarters at least maybe the last year or so. And we continue to see some more market dynamics in terms of the carrier self performing some portion of that building around fiber and prices. And then us winning about half of those opportunities, we continue to believe based on the market dynamics that the prices where the infrastructure can be shared that’s the most cost effective model and that continues to be playing out in our win rate. On the fiber segment I would describe that as, our base to fiber has gotten larger and so our growth in revenue has continued to increase product mix again as I mentioned in my comments still focused on large enterprises, educational facilities, healthcare providers where we’re doing multi-location and a high capacity of bandwidth that’s required. As we’ve increased the asset base and grown the number of miles of fiber that we have we’re increasing the revenue associated.
Jay Brown: Paper IO is a company that provides many datacenters at the edge of the network which is an important component of – in a 5G of reducing the latency, we made a relatively small investment last year in paper that as in early stage of deployment. We’ve used them in a number of trials that we’ve done with more hard traditional customers as well as other customers that we believe will likely be meaningful customers to us overtime. I would describe that as an opportunity that we think will leverage our real estate assets over a long period of time, the tower sites that we have today, we believe will likely be hubs environment in a sea ran environment and those tower, our towers will become increasingly important as the market develops towards sea ran in a 5G environment. So it's more of a trial small investment that gives us an opportunity to get some insight into the way people are thinking about the importance of moving computing power to the very edge of the network.
Jay Brown: I would describe it in the broad broadest sense, our aim over time is to gain as much revenue and cash flow off of the assets that we own and as I described in my comments we believe towers are important to that, small cells are important to that and fiber is the connective tissue that connects both towers and small cells and we are looking at every opportunity we can to drive revenue growth and cash flow growth across those assets. Some of the things that we look are near term that we are comfortable underwriting investments based on. As I mentioned in my comments we underwrote all of the investments that we made based on 4G applications and what we currently see consumers using today but we also have a view that there's more than just current applications to come. I would describe mobile edge computing as one of the areas that we believe has the potential to provide upsides to our revenue cash flow growth as well as returns and extends the runway of growth from the infrastructure over a long period of time. So it's just one of many opportunities that are – that is directly tied as I mentioned in my comments to the deployment of 5G. So if not near-term it's not going to show up in the 18 and likely probably not 19 results. It's a longer dated activity that we are keeping our eye on and positioning ourselves to benefit from.
Jay Brown: We are seeing each of the carriers work on increasing both the capacity of the network and speed of the networks so we are seeing combination of new co-locations where they are densifying the network through self splitting as well as going back on sites that are already on and amending their existing installations to provide additional spectrum band in some cases or additional capacity in the network. So it's similar to what we seen in the past just frankly more of it.
Jay Brown: Couple of things I would say about that Amir. First of all the pipeline that we have in the notes to be constructed in some cases we are building additional fiber. The vast majority of that fiber build as I mentioned in my earlier comments about 70% of the total notes relate to places where we are building additional fiber. That additional fiber build is primarily in those top 25 markets in the U.S. so we are getting a more dense portfolio of assets in the top 25 markets primarily from what we are constructing in terms of fiber. On the inorganic side Lightower is obviously a very sizable transaction and it's going to take us some time to digest that and integrate it into the portfolio so you should look for us to do anything of scale in the near term as we focus on integrating that asset and beginning to expand the returns on the assets as we articulated when we did it. We certainly believe there are significant revenue synergies across both sets of assets both the fiber that we bring to the transaction that has not been utilized to its fullest opportunity for fiber solutions as well as the fiber that they bring to the two companies where they've not been utilized to the fullest extent from the small cell side. So we see revenue synergies there and we are going to be focused on gaining those revenue synergies because we think it's the best way to drive the returns on the assets over a long period of time. So over time we may turn our eyes back towards looking at opportunities to acquire assets. Those will need to go through the same filter that we put Lightower and FiberNet and will call other transactions through but we got a believe that over the long term it has the ability to increase and grow our dividend and be additive to our growth rate and that the assets have the opportunity to add significant small cells on them in order to drive those returns.
Jay Brown: Richard they are similar to pass the business is backend loaded if you go through the course of these any year. So roughly probably about 55% 60% of the growth would be in the second half of the year and about 40% to 45% would be in the first half of the year. Obviously the results as they play out you bet only speaking to the small incremental change so if you think about – if you did it in totality the year is pretty evenly loaded but if you're just looking at the incremental growth you would see someone in the neighborhood of about 55% to 60% of the incremental growth in the back half of the year.
Jay Brown: I think the churn is flat basically on a nominal basis which on a bigger base of business is actually lower year-over-year. So we are seeing that the churn profile is what we would expect it to be on towers and small cells for the non-consolidation portion of our churn.
Jay Brown: No the escalator is not coming down. It's going consistently what has been historically. There is a portion of it where we had a holistic MLA roll off in 16 that had a lot over effect that so it continued in the 17 and therefore did come down a little bit in the 18 but that was already understood I think by everybody in part of what is the normal escalator is now what we think going forward but you're right there is some portion of it were we are bringing in businesses that don't typically have escalators on the fiber solutions which as we add that revenue and pull down at our percentage basis but we are seeing very similar trends in pricing and the escalator in the core business and then towers and small cell side.
Jay Brown: The prepaid rent is going to be in the neighborhood of growth the same way it was from 16 to 17, so it's consistent and so we think the trends that we laid out in terms of the new leasing activities across towers and small cell and fiber are very representative of what is whether you include or I exclude the prepaid rent the way we think about it thought that it's all cash. It just depends on when we get that cash. And so we are making investments over the long-term that are generating good cash on cash return which is the way we think about business. So we think that those the numbers that I talked about earlier in terms of new leasing activity or what we think are the new leasing growth in the business.
Jay Brown: What you said is turn but I would say that reason is not increasing. I think that overall the business it is increasing just not anything that would change the trajectory or the growth that we talked about.
Jay Brown: Yes Nick, I think when we talked about the big step up earlier this year, we said it was 2019 not 2018. We thought it as being as being a 2019 event. So our view on timing of when we will turn these nodes on has not changed from we thought about previously, we are seeing obviously an increase in small cell revenue growth that's the function of what we want in 2016 which was a step up from the activity that we saw in 2015.
Jay Brown: Sure Colby. Discretionary CapEx we anticipate that the discretionary CapEx in Lightower is around what has historically been $300 million range. The business will be a step up from 17 because of the big growth in the small cells that we are putting on air. So we anticipate overall discretionary CapEx to be up $200 million to $300 million I would say, 18 over 17.
Jay Brown: And then on a base business another 200 or 300 because of the small cell that we are putting on air. On the integration what we are planning on doing is integrating all of the fiber solutions companies we have bought recently into the new operating structure that we announced not too long ago with Jim Young and we would anticipate trying to put it all on a platform and same operating platform and management style and the timing of that happening is still unclear because we haven't got into we haven't closed on Lightower to have enough of those conversations but the overall goal is to run that as one business that we can get the most out of the expertise that we got with the Lightower team along with the expertise we already have in place and then providing asset base across the US as oppose to pockets but we think there will be a lot of revenue synergy that we can get from putting all those things together which is Jay was talking about earlier was really the driver behind Lightower transaction, get access to the fiber and then drive additional revenue across that fiber.
Jay Brown: Well, to be clear we have not announced any synergies on the OpEx side, but the revenue synergies will be to be determined. They are not baked into our outlook so we didn't put these small cell on Lightowers fiber but we put any revenues synergies on the fiber outside of light tower footprint. 
Jay Brown: Tim the pricing on both small cell and fiber tuition is consistent with what we've seen in past years.
Jay Brown: We have seen the demand across all of the carriers and what I would describe as maybe a change from the past has been the market they have focused on prior to the conversation that we started having at the beginning of this year where we saw significant increase in the number of nodes that we were getting from carriers I would have described the vast majority of our activity coming close to probably 90% of the activity occurring in the top 10 markets in the U.S. and really focus on the top five market specifically. And what we've seen over the last 12 months is that has moved outside of the top 5 - 10 markets to the top 25 market. So the increase in volume has followed with multiple carriers, but really function of the number of markets that are being focused on and the overall quantum of nodes being deployed.
Jay Brown: I think there is, we are always open to having partnership conversation with folks and I saw their announcement earlier this week and I think it affirms the great returns that are in our business so I am not surprised that a firm like Linley would desire to come into the U.S. market given the returns that we've been able to demonstrate over a long period of time and further and so I think they find the returns and opportunities per capital to work is attractive and that's why they are willing to put funds into it. So not surprising and would be open to have a partnership conversation if they wanted to.
Jay Brown: I think we would say Mike maybe one of the way to think about it is we've increased the organic leasing activity on a consolidated basis that's up several – that's up about 40 basis points about 1% over 2017 activity that we saw is organic leasing going to 6% in 2018. It was unchanged in 2017.
Jay Brown: Yes, the pipeline is up and we continue to win new nodes. It's not a meaningful step so as we think about the G&A as Dan mentioned in his comments around the cost structure we think we sized the cost structure to be able to handle the level of activity to the extent that we see a step up meaningfully from where we are currently. We will come back and give you an update on that. Second question was around the federal legislation speeding up of time. With the federal legislation and frankly even the state legislation is helpful is it gives clarity of the outcome. Small cell towers are forever going to have the necessity of us working closely with the local municipality to work through planning and zoning and requirements. So we don't anticipate over the long period of time that the legislative experts are going to meaningfully speed up the activity but they will give greater clarity to both the municipality to the carriers then to ourselves as an infrastructure provider of the path of deploying that infrastructure. So to the extent we see federal legislation and we are working towards that or state legislation I think it gives greater clarity but I wouldn't necessarily guide you to assume that our timeline where we talked about two years to get nodes on air that gets shorten meaningfully. If after the facts that it does we will come back and update you on that but our working assumption is that the two-year time frame is likely to be about what it's going to be even if we do get new legislation.
Jay Brown: I would like to thank everyday for joining the call this morning. Obviously we are excited about how the business is performing and certainly optimistic as we go into 2018 based on things increased revenue activity across all of our businesses and then lastly I just like to echo something that Dan mentioned earlier in the call I would really like to express my appreciation to our employees who have worked incredibly hard over the last, through the last couple of months dealing with some really significant hurricanes. They have done a terrific job delivering for customers and we certainly appreciate how hard they have worked hard to get networks back on air and to maintain the assets. So, thanks to all our folks, thanks everybody for joining this morning.
Daniel Schlanger: And generally this is performing very much in-line with what we expected when we did the acquisitions. So this is – the outlook that we provided for 2018 is much to what we would have expected at this point.
Daniel Schlanger: And that's already baked into how we provided the outlook. So we think that we are on EBITDA and AFFO and takes that to the next.
Daniel Schlanger: And as the reason is not stepping up because the small cell installs are kind of backend loaded or only start when the side is tuned on the air.
Daniel Schlanger: So Mike I think what we try to do given the new leasing activity we will split it up. So $205 million new leasing activity and we said we are going to it's about $110 million from towers, about $55 million from small cells and about $45 million from fiber and that should give you a pretty good sense of where we are overall and those – like Jay was mentioning earlier those have each increased over 2017 so we see increasing growth across each of our businesses.
Daniel Schlanger: Yes so small cells is growing as we talked about in the high teens percentages year-over-year and towers is still in the 5% to 6% range as it has been growing a little bit but like Jay was mentioning a lot of that because the base of the business and towers is so much of the base that in order for the whole thing to growth hat much towers has to be accelerating on top.
Daniel Schlanger: As going back to what Jay was talking about earlier, about 70% of what we are building in small cells and fiber is anchor builds and we anticipate those are for both current growth and in future growth to come but as we put on more and more of these nodes and get more and more co-locations a lot of it will come through that 30% of co-location. It's just the bigger numbers are also including the bigger anchor built. So the number would be lower if we didn't include the 70%. We just look at it as this is part of our business going forward. This is part of what we are doing and it's really not part of the business of the towers to build the suit at this point. So it's just a difference in how we think about the business. There are small cell businesses in the investment and growth phase and we are including both the capital in the revenues associated with that.
Daniel Schlanger: Mike the folks at the carriers are looking at the use of both macro side and small cell. So it's the same group inside of the carrier. So when we are having conversations with them there is a conversation about both. When you get down to when things actually get signed and done, the nature of those two it's very different. So from a small cell standpoint, there is a significant amount of RF engineering and design that goes into how our carriers utilize those assets. There is far less of that on a traditional tower site where it's leasing at in essence of a spot on the map. So the conversations are happening with the same people at the carriers. I wouldn't describe it as a bundling because it's not a cookie-cutter solution on the small cell side. So we got to have a more robust conversation regarding small cell than we need to have on the tower side.
Daniel Schlanger: I am not trying to -- question if you really wanted to be answered here it's just really hard to follow 240 I don't know what you are talking about so if you like we can go –
Daniel Schlanger: Yes we will talk on the trials we have done. I would describe this is more – they are opportunities for us to learn and understand how the networks are being deployed, I made the comments earlier about edge computing and some of things that we have done with Safer and other components of the real estate we have done some of those with fiber. As we have done those they are designed more to learn. They are generally relatively small in terms of dollar amount so they are not going to affect our 2018 results. They're much more of learning opportunities for us to understand how the market is developing and what's going to be necessary in C ran 5G and as we get into things like Internet of Things and all the connected devices.
Daniel Schlanger: Yes so what we talked about when we talked about the transaction to begin with is light tower has grown the revenue in the high single digits per year and since we anticipate that to continue and if the churn rates will be included in that and those have also been in the high single digits on a percentage basis so those remain in line with what we continue to believe.
Daniel Schlanger: Spencer we haven't seen any change in the dynamic. What we have seen is the change in the quantum of activity which is up meaningfully in 2017 from what we have seen in past years. Our win rate has remained about the same winning about half of the activity in the market. I continue to believe that you're going to see the carriers self perform some portion of the deployment of small cells and fiber and the network. I think we will see other providers of shared infrastructure model in the market that will provide some portion of that activity and then we certainly expect to continue to provide a meaningful portion of it. Similar to what we seen on towers where there is tower builds or small cells I think in the places where the shared infrastructure model is available and makes sense from a return standpoint you'll see provider such as ourselves going to put capital in because of the economics and the returns of it being shared. There are going to be other places though where there may not be a shared model. We may not have an interest in participating in it and in those places I think you're likely to see some other unlikely self performed by the carriers where fiber is going to be needed and we just we can't justify the economics and the likely returns there and so we don't participate.
Daniel Schlanger: Yes, I think with regards to the market themselves some of the markets are the same. They just may not be in the same areas of those markets. So we could be in same markets, it's not in the same area inside of the market and longer term based on where we believe the world is going I think that total number of small cells to be deployed and therefore the fiber to be required very well could result in our win rate coming down over time but the actual amount of activity that we have in front of us in the revenue growth is associated with that could continue to increase even though our win rate is coming down. So I believe the number of small cells that are going to be needed in the market as we move towards the 5G environment are significant enough that they are going to need to be multiple different providers in the market in order to provide the kind of capital required to do that.
Daniel Schlanger: On the first question it would be very, very small the ratio of small cells to tower. What we typically see and so it's not something that that we would look at Brandon may be a better way to think about it is if we think about building about a mile of fiber we will see roughly 2 small cell, 2 to 2.5 small cell per mile of fiber. It's about the density of small cells that they are deploying across the market is a pretty good guess of that but if you would take the quantum of towers in marketing and compare that to the small cells it would be highly weighted towards towers.
Daniel Schlanger: On the 1.2 billion what we're talking about on that is we – so now we had an addition of about 25,000 nodes to our pipeline. It was going to take about $1.2 billion to get those on air like Jay said, I was going to 2019 that is part of the increase in capital that we are discussing earlier from 2017 to 18. We believe we will still have some of that to spend in 2019 but we are in the midst of spending that money currently.
