W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes. So Brett, there's a -- you're right, and some of the numbers, Fiona can walk you through. But generally, year-over-year, and most of all of it is in the fourth quarter run rate. We'll see about a $20 million increase not only in G&A. It's evenly split between G&A and above-the-line tower costs to goods sold and basically indirects, which represents the staff and resources we are adding to really handle the LTE activity we're seeing, the services level activity we're seeing. We've added resources in the DAS, small-cell business as you can -- as we have mentioned before. And then with -- and then some modest increase from the T-Mobile acquisition. So the run rate is largely already stepped as we sit here in January of 2013. But on a year-over-year basis, it looks to me about -- right about $20 million, total. And that's about evenly split. Again, about $10 million on G&A and about $10 million above the line.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Let me frame that for you a little bit. When you think about new leasing activity, as we all work on every day around here, the financial or GAAP revenue reality is about half of that activity is pre-sold, and about half of that is new revenue in the year. Okay? So roughly evenly split. And let me give you a little window into what we see. Among the half that is not pre-sold, i.e., new revenue growth that would come on to the GAAP statements this year, among that half that's not pre-sold, we can already see in the pipeline about 70% of the volume we expect for the year. So we're really optimistic about the year. Now it's January 24. And as Jay mentioned, we didn't raise guidance beyond the financing and the T-Mobile acquisition because it's so early in the year. But it's encouraging that we can see in the pipeline 70% of the application volume that we expect among that half that's not pre-sold. So let's hope that continues and we see continued activity, and you could certainly see increases throughout the year. But we'll just have to see.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Simon, my enthusiasm around the small-cell business has not abated at all. We've got 9 months of operating with the NextG folks, and we are adding resources, as I mentioned earlier, which is evidence of our commitment and enthusiasm for the business. I still believe you'll see us grow that number 4x to 5x over what we bought over that period of time. We're finding significant opportunities to put capital to work and very attractive all-in returns. And we're seeing a continued migration of capital spending and commitment on the part of carriers to the small-cell technologies and architectures. I would also mention on this call, don't be confused by a lot of the -- what we see out in the press around confusing nomenclature around small cells and DAS and what does it look like in picocells. The real critical element that we offer is the property rights that we have secured and the fiber that connects whatever architecture, whatever electronics the carriers ultimately want to install. And so while they -- it may have initially been a shared DAS system, where you had multiple carriers in each box, if you will, to otherwise going into the small-cell environment of picocells next pullover. The economics to us and the benefits to the carriers of the shared economic proposition of the largest component of cost being the fiber and the rights that we secure, that's all well intact. And so we try not to get distracted, if you will, in the -- with what's going on out there in the marketplace. We're able to accommodate really all of this through what we're doing in the business. And our enthusiasm, frankly, has increased over time and like very much what we see there. And it's certainly confirmed by public statements on the part of most of the major carriers.
W. Benjamin Moreland: I just listened -- just listening, I want to just make sure that's -- so that $110 million would also be after normal growth and operating expenses x people costs. So normal growth and site maintenance and ground leases and things. So you're basically dropping $110 million through to AFFO. And just to be doubly clear, the T-Mobile accretion, net of financing costs, that $20 million is basically covering the increased run rate of people costs, resources, as I talked about, which is basically paying for the resources we've added through the services business, the DAS business and all the things we enumerated earlier. So that's basically, Mike, I think, the easiest way to sort of cut through it. And then to get back to the $190 million is about the $80 million or so of interest save.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes, James, thanks. With T-Mobile -- and thanks, I was hoping we'd get to address this. We've owned it 60 days, and we're still in this transition period, working through loading all the data in the systems and beginning to take applications on our own from carriers. So there'll be a little bit of an integration process that'll last probably another 90 days until we're completely essentially integrated. But we already are having productive conversations and would -- have very high expectations, as we talked about on the last, last quarter's call, for those sites going forward. It's early days. And so we wouldn't put a whole lot of that in the 2013 run rate, if you will, in terms of contribution inside the year. But nonetheless, we're seeing pretty -- we're having very good conversations and have very high expectations for the long-term growth prospects there. And coming off of a very low base of run rate of tenancy, as we've talked about before, it doesn't take a whole lot of additional tenants to make that investment perform exceptionally well. So we're probably more enthusiastic about it 60 days in than even when we started. And that could be a potential source down the road for outperformance, if we see things happening, as we would certainly hope. With respect to sell splitting, James, and infill locations, I would tell you that it's too early to raise guidance based on that. And remember that anything we would see incremental for the year would only have a stub period contribution for '13 that would be more meaningful into '14. So it wouldn't be a huge amount for '13. But I would tell you that when I -- my previous comments about where we can already see 70% of the application volume we expect on the non-pre-sold activity, some of that is clearly coming from that activity. And so we're optimistic we'll see that continue to build throughout '13. And it's sort of a very good next leg of growth for us going forward, particularly given the 22,000 sites Jay mentioned now with the T-Mobile portfolio, the 22,000 sites that we have inside the top 100 markets. We think it's -- we have lots of sites that are going to be very attractive for infill and cell splitting. And we'll just have to see how that develops. But certainly, we think it's headed in the right direction.
W. Benjamin Moreland: I think that's a pretty fair assessment, but I don't want to scope that for you yet. And we don't make it a practice to talk about our carriers' business. So let's let them talk about that in detail. But I think, certainly, some of that we're seeing in the pipeline.
W. Benjamin Moreland: I would just add, I think, Jay, you mentioned we are probably at the highest interest coverage -- interest coverage has actually gone up through this refinancing and through the increased debt we took on to do these acquisitions. Interest coverage, as a multiple of adjusted EBITDA, is actually higher than when we started, which is pretty phenomenal. And as we look back about being disciplined over a long period of time around the capital structure, I would observe that we've taken EBITDA in this company from somewhere around $700 million to $1.6 billion run rate and not issued any shares. And we've done that through a lot of investment and a lot of organic growth. But that's how you get to $3.04 a share. And this year, we'll have, as we've talked about, over $1 billion of adjusted funds from operations. So we're quite pleased with that outcome.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes, John. Let me say -- first of all, I'm probably -- I don't want to break out -- we're not going to segment report. I mean, we operate it as the same business. We look at it on a return basis, on capital we're putting in. As Jay mentioned, we're making significant capital investments on the build side. And that goes through our normal capital allocation processing. We're very pleased with what we see there. And the growth there, in terms of revenue, is at or above our expectations and deal pipeline. Obviously, we've put additional resources in it, as we've talked about, which cost money in the short run to build out that capacity and enable us to handle that pipeline that's continuing to grow. So that's probably all I would say. It's -- other than to say that, we're continuing to be very pleased with the growth we're seeing, revenue and margins and the opportunities in the marketplace to put real money to work at very attractive returns, which is what we had thought when we came into this. And importantly, it's the same financial model and proposition that we can offer to customers, which is the compelling nature of the shared infrastructure, where it's cheaper for them to go on our sites and operate on our sites, notwithstanding the ease and speed-to-market that it creates just on a pure financial basis, just as it is on the towers. And that relationship is well intact and, I think, will certainly continue. So we are not breaking it out separately, but we own it. It's paying its way, and we certainly expect to see the kind of returns out of it that we initially modeled.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes, John. We are doing that in a limited -- in limited geographies today, where -- it's obvious where we could provide dark fiber, where we've got overpass [ph] in cell sites. So we've got that in a limited way today. And I would say it's a significant, meaningful contribution, but it's certainly a way to leverage that embedded plant. And that's something we're going to continue to focus on.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes. Richard, not really a difference per se in a T-Mobile site going through zoning on changing height as we would on our own sites. I mean, it's a process. It depends on where you are in terms of zoning. But what I would also point out is that over time, as the equipment has gotten smaller and lighter and the desire for tall sites, frankly, has abated, because now we're covering much smaller cell sites, diameters, it's more and more likely that these sites become available and useful to a carrier without necessarily augmenting the height of the tower. And that's something that we've seen change over the last 10 years in the industry. Very often times, the smaller sites, based on their location, and the smaller electronics and the tighter separation that we're able to put the different rad centers on the sites, make it such that these smaller sites actually have more utility than they might have when they were originally built. And we're seeing that on our own portfolio, and we continue to expect to see that on the T-Mobile sites as we move forward.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Well -- and again, a lot of the activity -- the majority of the activity in the industry the last couple of years has been LTE amendment activity on existing installations. So there's not been a lot of new leasing in the marketplace. As we've talked about on this call, we expect that to gradually change over time with infill and capacity cell splits. But the last 2 to 3 years, it's -- the vast majority has been upgrade of existing installs.
W. Benjamin Moreland: And a lot of it runs through the P&L on a current basis, just as we fix things ongoing. Mike, on your second question around M&A, every time we think there's not something else to do, something comes up in this industry. So I would caution you to say there's nothing else to do. I don't know about that. But I would say, that as we have always done, we'll look at anything, and we continue to look at really everything on the market, including international. We have -- we haven't talked about it on this call, but we've had a very nice growth in our Australian business. We are forecasting good growth again in 2013. There's a lot of activity going on in that market. Other international markets, we certainly could look at. Again, we do it on a risk-adjusted basis, against the stock price, and decide, "Where do we find the best opportunity to drive AFFO per share long term?" And thus far, you've seen us take advantage of the opportunities we've seen as we have. But I wouldn't predict the future. I'd say let's -- we'll continue to do it that way and see what happens. And I would never say that there's nothing else on the market. You just never know in this business.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Mike, on your second question, in terms of how we think about risk-adjusted sort of hurdle rates and things, the way we do it internally is we constantly are updating our thoughts and variables around our internal cash flow-generating capacity of the business we own. And we translate that into a cash flow per share number, the AFFO number you see on the sheet. We didn't look at the long-term growth rate of that and how we can grow that from the base business that we own in any given time. And we look at the slope of that line. And as we're looking at domestic acquisitions that would have a similar risk profile, similar credit, we see -- it's as simple as, is it accretive or not to that slope of that line, which would otherwise include just buying back stock as sort of the default candidate for how you would spend the money. And if we see an opportunity to add accretion to that number, as we have been very aggressive in this last 12 months, with $4 billion of acquisitions, then we'll move on that. As we look at international markets, one of the things we look at and we add to that mix, is what is the inherent cost of debt in that market? What is sort of the risk-free rate in those markets? Because at its essence, we're essentially a lender to wireless carriers. We're lending them steel as opposed to dollars or -- and so when we think about it that way, it definitely puts a risk premium or a higher hurdle rate, depending on the country. And thus far, notwithstanding some growth in those markets, thus far, we haven't seen something that we're willing to pull the trigger on and win an auction over, given some of the other opportunities we've seen in the space. That's not to say that there are not some good opportunities out there, and we may do something in the future. But that's been our judgment, as we've talked about on this call, where we see the growth opportunity on a risk-adjusted basis in the U.S. and the Australian market.
W. Benjamin Moreland: The -- in terms of the networks, Tim, for the -- what we see in the market, I'm an interested wireless consumer like all of us on this phone call. And I look at things at CES and I look at press releases and things, and I don't think the market nearly has caught up with customer demand or carrier -- or consumer demand. I think that's a very difficult goal, because I think the market continues to develop new devices and new applications and new ways to use wireless spectrum. So I think there's going to be a long road here on devices and capabilities and services that we probably can't even imagine, particularly when you look at some of the machine-to-machine and automotive and other ways to offload what you normally would think of as a desktop Internet experience that -- now it's very clear. In a mobile environment, we all use it considerably more than in a wired environment. So we've been at this about 14 years, most of us on this call, and we've always thought we're going to get to some plateau. And I think none of us could have appreciated at the time the real technology shift that's happening in all of our lives around wireless. And we're very pleased to be positioned where we are, to have a shared financial model in terms of the shared elements of the infrastructure that is compelling for the carriers to operate on our sites. We're very pleased with the position that we've created in terms of the largest and the concentration in these top 100 markets, as we've talked about. 2012, I think, will prove out to be a real watershed year for Crown Castle. We took some very deliberate actions to enhance our profile, if you will, in the U.S. And I think, long term, that's going to pay tremendous benefits. And I would just point out, as we conclude here today, we did 18% AFFO per share growth last year in the midst of an enormous amount of activity around integrating the NextG organization and our friends that joined us there. In fact, if you would just -- for the negative interest carry we took on for the T-Mobile sites, we actually hit by 20% bogey for the full year 2012. And then we've shown up here in January, with guidance for you that's 21% on a forward basis. So we are feeling really good about our business and the prospects, and we've got a lot of work to do. We've got a lot of people working hard on integration, at the same time, dealing with an unprecedented level of activity in the business. So a lot going on here, but we're very pleased to have you join us on the call, everybody. And we'll talk to you on the first quarter call. So thank you very much.
Jay A. Brown: Sure. On the first question around capital spending, we saw an increase in the fourth quarter, both on land purchases. Obviously, some of the changes that happened, and expected changes that were happening with the tax codes, caused some people to want to sell properties earlier than maybe they otherwise would have. So we benefited from that and increased the spend that we would have on land purchases during the fourth quarter. And then the amount of activity, as Ben alluded to in his comments, that we're seeing from the carriers, is driving a lot of tenant adds to our sites. So we saw an increase in spending there. And usually, there's a push, as there was in this past period. Usually, there's a push in the fourth quarter, and we certainly saw that. We certainly saw that this fourth quarter. I think as we think about the full year 2013, as I alluded to in my comments, from a CapEx standpoint, we'll probably end up spending about $150 million related to the land lease extension program as we purchase land. We'll spend probably another $150-or-so million related to construction of new sites, which would include and would be mostly comprised of small-cell-related activities. And then probably somewhere in the neighborhood of $100 million, or a little over $100 million on adding additional tenants to existing, either towers or DAS systems. And as we think about what we think we'll spent on T-Mobile, obviously, that activity around spend is completely tied to leasing activity. And in terms of the structural capacity and ability to do that, we think those assets, in terms of the cost to add additional tenants, will look very similar to our existing portfolio. So I think it will largely just be determined by what does leasing activity as we go through the course of the year look like. But the $100 million, we think, will largely cover that, based on Ben's comments around what we're seeing on the current activity levels, Jason. The second question around on cash, obviously, as we began to focus a year ago on this AFFO metric -- and believe it's a great one, because it focuses everybody on a cash -- on a cash side rather than thinking about it just from GAAP revenues and GAAP expenses, the business is comprised largely of these lease -- long-dated lease arrangements, both in terms of revenue and cost. And as we have movements in those, there are effects that happened to that AFFO number, either increases in non-cash revenues or decreases off the revenue line. And the same thing occurs at the expense line. So there's some volatility that was seen in that number over time, based on the timing of payments and the arrangements that we make. Obviously, anything that we do, where a lease has a prepaid component related to it, that would have an impact or a postpaid, if you will, component to it. That would also have an impact to those numbers. And then add to that, in the fourth quarter, we also did the T-Mobile transaction. So all of the -- all of those existing leases, both at the revenue line and expense line, came through. So we have -- as we talked about I think a little bit last quarter, we've historically guided that number a bit conservatively. It's difficult for us to have quite as much precision as we can at the site rental revenue and adjusted EBITDA line, so we've guided that number a bit conservatively. And I think, as I've mentioned in past calls, we would expect, as you look at the delta between non-cash revenues, straight-line revenues and straight-line expenses there, a bit of a drag on the EBITDA, if you will, as we move down to the AFFO and the cash line. We expect that, that gap will completely close by -- within the next 3 to 4 years. So the trend line there should be a movement towards AFFO and EBITDA coming a little closer together. So hopefully, that's helpful on the second question.
Jay A. Brown: Okay. Simon, on the first question, we did have $5 million of revenues benefit in the fourth quarter, and it was largely offset -- remember, in our outlook for fourth quarter, we did not include the T-Mobile transaction. So we didn't include the costs associated with adding folks for that transaction either. So most of that was offset by the additional cost and staffing cost that we had in the quarter. If you were trying to exclude it, there wasn't necessarily an offset directly related to that, so it would have fallen through. But if you're trying to compare that to the outlook we gave previously, most of it was consumed by cost increases that we have not previously guided to, related to the T-Mobile transaction.
Jay A. Brown: Yes, Mike, thanks for the question. I think the $60 million is obviously a year-over-year comparison, and there's a couple of things that would affect that. If -- one of the things that I mentioned was what's -- is the contracted escalators on the existing leases net of churn. We expect churn in 2013 to be about 1%, maybe a little less than 1%. So that number is at levels a little bit lower than what we've seen over the last couple of years. We think that will offset the benefit of about 1% of rent escalations that we would see in the number. So the $60 million that you're correctly highlighting, that number would reflect basically all -- that would all be organic growth or new tenants going on the existing systems. And that would be a combination of new tenants on towers, as well as new tenants going on DAS systems. There's another -- if you parse through the numbers and look at -- to Jason's question earlier about what are the movements in the straight-line revenues, there's another about $40 million to $50 million of benefit from cash escalations on existing leases, which is why, when you look at the AFFO growth that we're showing for the year, of about $190 million of AFFO growth, about 80 -- a little over $80 million of that is obviously coming from the interest expense save. And then we've got about $110 million that's coming from the base business. T-Mobile is -- when you add the combination of the financing costs there and the increase in cost, T-Mobile is basically a push. So we're not getting any benefit really at the AFFO line from T-Mobile when you consider the cost increases that Ben referred to. So that $110 million would be what we're getting in the organic leasing business, a combination of cash escalations and leasing, and not really getting any benefit on that cash line from contracted escalations that are variable in nature. So hopefully, that reconciles you -- reconciles it down.
Jay A. Brown: Yes. I think on -- there is one other bond out there, the 7.5% -- 7.25%, $500 million -- 7.5%, $500 million notes that we would look to potentially refinance over time. But if you look at the whole balance sheet, $11 billion, the average coupon is at about 4.5%. So at 4.5%, I think we've gotten most of it out at this point.
Jay A. Brown: Yes, Rick. I don't want to really get into specifics on what may or may not happen contractually with those upgrades. In many cases, they will take additional slots on those systems, which will be a revenue event for us. And so I'm not sure we would put that fine a point on the revenue guidance. There's certainly an expectation and internal budgeting and forecasting around the small-cell business, and it comes from a lot of different places. And as we've talked about for years, if you forecast -- if you're within 70% accuracy on exactly where it comes from inside a given year, you've done pretty well. But so implicitly, some of that's -- it's sort of in our thinking. But I wouldn't put too fine a point on that.
Jay A. Brown: Sure. Broadly, what I would tell you in terms of capital allocation, we haven't changed the plan. We look at every dollar of capital that we spend, and the goal is to maximize long-term cash flow per share, as we -- and we measure AFFO per share. So we put everything from construction of new small-cell sites to tower sites, to buying back stock or acquisitions. All of them run through that risk-adjusted filter that we put everything through. And we continue to look at opportunities there and feel like we had a good year of putting cash to work, money to work, on acquisitions primarily, that we thought we're better, frankly, than what the opportunity was of us buying back the stock. And so we'll continue to look at opportunities in that same vein and on the go forward. With regards to the deployment of leverage to do those activities, we obviously, over the course of the year, took leverage up about a turn in the quarter to take advantage of some opportunities that we saw. We thought it was shareholder friendly not to issue shares to do the acquisitions that we did. And given the low cost of debt in the market and the term that we could achieve, we thought that was appropriate. I do think, over time, what you'll see us do is come back down as we grow EBITDA and bring the leverage back down to the 4x to 6x target level that we'll operate the business at most of the time, and aiming to get ourselves back in terms of -- back to -- somewhere in the neighborhood of 5x debt to adjusted EBITDA. We may, from time to time, use some portion of our cash flow to pay down debt, but I don't think that will be any meaningful allocation of the cash flow. I think most of the deleveraging is likely to come from just growth in adjusted EBITDA.
Jay A. Brown: We're currently seeing about 85% of the activity to be amendment-related. Most of that would be LTE-related activity, and 15% would be brand new tenants going on the towers. And we have a similar assumption for 2013.
Jay A. Brown: I guess what I would say is historically, as we've gone through the process, you end up with a period of time -- generally, it's a 2- to 4-year period of time where the carriers go back and touch the sites that they're already on. And during that period of time, where they're doing the initial deployment of whatever the new generation of technology is, we see the leasing results similar to what I was just speaking to, be somewhere in the neighborhood of 75% to 80% of the activity to being amendments. And then as they move towards -- having touched all their existing sites, then we see that transition go back much more towards brand new cell sites and cell splitting. And obviously, there's been a number of carriers who commented on that, as they roll out their plans for the next couple of years and talk about the need that they have to go back in infill sites, cell split, add additional sites where the activity has been over the last couple of years, more in the amendment time frame. So I think we would say, probably, balance of '13, looks like that will continue to be a heavily amendment-tied activity base. And then as we transition into '14, probably early '14, mid-'14, we start to move back towards a more normal cycle.
Jay A. Brown: Sure. On the first question with iDEN, we don't expect to see any churn from iDEN in the calendar year 2013. We would expect to see that in 2014 and 2015, in terms of impacting the revenues. We believe that we'll be somewhere in the neighborhood of about 3% of revenues. And for assumption purposes, I would expect we'll see somewhere in the neighborhood of 2/3 to 3/4 of that in calendar year 2014, and then the balance of it in 2015. At least, if I was trying to predict it at this early stage, that's the best I could do. But I don't -- contractually, they don't have the right to do any of that in 2013. On the maintenance CapEx side, some of the change there that we gave in the outlook was us pulling forward into the fourth quarter some of the IT upgrade that I mentioned in my prepared remarks. So we actually got that done in the fourth quarter, along with some of the tower maintenance activities. We were able to pull that forward into the fourth quarter. And so it's really just moving those expenses between the 2 periods and bringing some of that -- we brought some of that activity and work. We were able to get it done a little earlier than what we had previously expected.
Jay A. Brown: On the first question, with regards to maintenance, we spent -- in 2012, we had the IT refresh that I mentioned, an upgrade, which was out of normal experience in terms of the amount we would spend on a normalized basis to maintain the towers. And then the amounts that we would see in '13, obviously that has the impact of T-Mobile coming in. So when you're comparing year-to-year, I think the cover that we had in '12 was the increase related to IT. And so it doesn't look like it's a large step as it would otherwise. Typically, maintenance CapEx per tower is relatively low. I mean, we spend between $500 and $700 per tower per year on maintenance CapEx. And so there's not really a big uplift related from -- directly from towers. But in the year-over-year comparison, it would just be the elevated amount we're spending in '12.
Jay A. Brown: Okay. In terms of the granularity on CapEx, we spend about $10 million related to the -- $8 million related to IT. So that clears off that component of it for you. Most of the CapEx, as we've seen the rise over the course of the year and over the last couple of years, most of that would be related to an increase in activity that we're seeing. Obviously, all of the -- that's driving the services business. So on the services side, we're seeing services revenue as we install tenants and add largely, as I mentioned in my prior comments, a significant portion of that related to the LTE upgrade. So we're adding equipment. We get the services revenue associated with that. And then there is, in some cases, a component of that where we're adding additional CapEx to our sites. I mean, given the scale of our DAS business relative to the tower business, the vast majority of CapEx on existing sites is related to towers and not related to the small-cell business. On the construction of new sites, revenue-generating on new sites, almost all of that is small cells. And then with regards to your last question as to the extent that we get carrier contributions related to CapEx, whether that's on the tower side or on the DAS side, the way we would account for that is that, that would be -- a portion of that would be rent revenues that we would recognize over the term of the contracted contract, the contracted lease. And then obviously, we would receive cash in the current period associated with that.
Jay A. Brown: On the first question, Michael, you're right. We did bring those assets over to about a 37% margin, direct margin off of the revenues. That's a function of having about 1.6 tenants on them today. And the growth in those margins, as you know, is largely a function of what leasing looks like. The incremental margins on adding an additional tenant to these sites is very high. So we've taken -- when we first acquired the portfolio of assets that we had prior to T-Mobile, in the early days, back in 1999, we acquired those assets with about 1.3 tenants on them. And the margins were in the low -- the high 20s, low 30%, depending on which portfolio they were. Today, those direct margins on those assets is in the 80% range, and that's largely a function of adding, in many cases, 2.5 or more tenants to the tower. So really, it's a function of how do we add tenants over time. As we talked about when we did the T-Mobile transaction, we assumed a little less than a tenant add, thought that the assets could hold a full tenant addition to them, given the current capacity of the assets. And without necessarily getting the margins on those sites all the way to the same level as our legacy portfolio, the returns are incredibly, incredibly high with just adding 0.5 to 1 tenant on those assets. So time will tell, and it'll largely be a function of leasing.
Jay A. Brown: Sure. Tim, I think, on your first question, as Ben mentioned, every time that we think the environment has settled and we have great clarity on what it's going to look like for the coming months or quarters, something else will come up in terms of an asset or otherwise. And so we have historically looked at our capital and the investment of that capital based on what we think maximizes long-term cash flow per share. And so I would give you the same answer. And as we look at it, we would love to find more opportunities to invest in land purchases and acquiring ground lease assets. We'd love -- based on the returns that we're seeing in the small-cell business, we'd love to allocate more capital towards that endeavor. Happy to buy back shares if we can't find another alternative, or potentially acquire assets. So we'll just have to see what's in front of us. And we'll make the -- what we believe to be the best decision, based on maximizing long-term cash flow per share when the opportunities are in front of us.
