Jay A. Brown: Sure, James. On the first question, and maybe it's helpful to clarify, I think, as you've identified, all of the sites that we purchased that I referenced there in the transaction, the single transaction, were all ground leases under our own sites and were not third-party land leases, and so the impact we will benefit from there is the land lease line and the direct cost of operations in the Site Rental business. As I look forward to 2012, it's embedded in the outlook that we gave, and so basically, we believe almost all of our operating costs will be flat year-over-year, a little bit of an increase from land leases, but certainly, this purchase helps offset what we would normally expect in the neighborhood of 2% to 3% escalation. So in that sense, I think what we'll basically do is pay for the normal escalation expense that we would have combined with the other purchases that we'll do during calendar year 2011.
Jay A. Brown: Sure, Simon, thanks for both questions. With reference to the first question, the $90 million of growth, as you think about 2012, I think it's helpful to go back to our original comments and what we expected in the calendar year 2011. When we began 2011 in the guidance that we gave for 2011 in the fall of 2010, our expectation was that all we were going to see in this calendar year, meaning 2011, was activity from Verizon and AT&T that they were going to make up the vast majority of the activity. As we got into 2011, we actually saw Sprint accelerate the activity around Network Vision on our sites and began to see that during the third quarter and are seeing it in the fourth quarter of this year. So the benefit -- and we -- obviously, you can go back and see last quarter, we significantly increased our expectation for calendar year 2011. That was based in part on increases in the FX benefit that we were getting from Australia, but the second large benefit was the activity we're seeing from Sprint. As you look at our activity for 2012, the run rate we're assuming there is really where we've been for the second half of all of '11, and at the high end of the guidance, it assumes most of basically the run rate we've gotten in the second half of 2011, and then we came off that a little bit obviously because we're so early. It's October of '11 and we're trying to figure out what we think leasing will look like towards the end of 2012. But at the high end of the guidance, that is most of the run rate which would include the activity from Verizon, Sprint and AT&T for a full year 2012. On your second question around Alltel, I think most of the impact from Alltel we are going to see in 2012, and as we've tried to point out, it's offsetting the benefit from escalations. The benefit we would see absent churn from escalations in the calendar year 2012 would be about 2% of revenues. Alltel is not the whole offset there. We have normal churn in the business but it is a little bit higher than what we would normally see. But importantly, the activity in terms of churn, if you think about number of licenses churned in the calendar year 2012, that's up about 10% from what we're experiencing in 2011, of which Alltel is a component in 2012. But really, the impact there is much greater than that. It results in almost a 50% impact because that churn activity is heavily weighted towards the first half of 2012. In fact, it's about 75/25 in the case of Alltel. So the impact there in terms of year-over-year growth from revenues is more impactful than the actual number of churn licenses, and I think by the time we're done with 2012, we'll probably have gotten most of what we would expect to lose from Alltel out of the run rate. Would not expect in 2013 and the years beyond to not have any churn, but I think the components of -- the component being Alltel, most of that would be gone.
Jay A. Brown: Sure. I think from a land purchase standpoint, that's going to be somewhere in the neighborhood of about $150 million. Secondly, the component around adding additional tenants to the site, that will probably end up being somewhere in the neighborhood of $75 million to $100 million. And then the final component, significant component, would be the amount of capital that we put into new sites as we've spoken about over the last couple of quarters. That activity is largely distributed antenna system deployments, and that would be somewhere in the neighborhood of $50 million, maybe a little bit higher than that, so that gets you pretty close to the $300 million.
Jay A. Brown: Based on the current spot rate, that would benefit about $5 million in revenue for the full year and $3 million to $4 million to EBITDA.
Jay A. Brown: Brett, importantly, I think, if you're looking at calendar year '11 to calendar year '12, but we're assuming basically exactly the same exchange ratio in '12 in our outlook as we think actuals will look like in '11, so that 3% to 5%, you've now made the periods non-comparable as you think through that.
Jay A. Brown: And Jason, I think you've correctly stated our exposure to Alltel back in the end of 2008 with about 3% of our revenues, and the period of time of which you articulated that others have seen churn, we did not see any churn from Alltel. So maybe we just got an extra year or so of revenue and now experiencing some churn there.
Jay A. Brown: I think the churn that's embedded in -- as I talked about, the total churn that's embedded is of about 2% of revenues, of which Alltel is a component of that, and we don't expect any additional churn from Alltel beyond 2012.
Jay A. Brown: I understand what you're saying, and it would not be that we're assuming 100% of their licenses get terminated, just the ones that Verizon identified for us were not necessary going forward.
Jay A. Brown: I think typically, Dave, has been our practice historically, we wait until initiatives or intentions are funded before we would put it into our outlook, and as my comments reflected earlier, Verizon, Sprint, AT&T, that activity all looks like it's funded and it's running, and so we based our outlook for next year on that. Did not -- around other intentions that have been discussed, which we did not include, I think I'd have to put the network sharing arrangement between Sprint and LightSquared. We didn't include any potential benefit from that in our 2012 outlook.
Jay A. Brown: Dave, I think what I would say is, going back to the big picture comments that I made earlier, we've made an effort over the last -- a concerted effort over the last several years to improve the quality of these relationships with the tenants and the duration of these contracts. As we approach renewal dates, which we laid out on one the slides for you to kind of show you what percentage of revenue's come up for renewal in multiple years, sure, there's always the possibility that tenants that renew. Historically, we've seen about 1% to 1.5% on an annual basis of churn. Typically, that churn is spread pretty equally throughout the course of the year. As we sat down and looked at our 2012 outlook, it appears that that churn as we noted from Alltel is going to be heavily weighted towards the first part of the year, so it's about 75% in the first half and 25% in the back half. So the impact of revenues is more severe than it would normally be. Obviously, by the time you get to the end of the year, it doesn't matter at what point in time in the year that cancels. From a run rate standpoint, we'll end up looking like similar to previous years in the neighborhood of 1.5% of revenues that are churned, but when you're comparing periods over periods, then, as Ben mentioned, maybe we're picking up an extra 60 basis points or 70 basis points of impact from that. In terms of your question about other carriers and consolidations and what impact that might have, I think we've articulated these various mergers have been announced, what the potential book case of those outcomes is, and ultimately, we won't know until the carriers get through the process of integrating. And in the case of Alltel -- this is an excellent example. Alltel was done back several years ago and it took 3 to 4 years before we actually saw the impact of the churn. So it may be a while before we see and can quantify for you exactly what the impact of any of the combinations that have happened over time with the carriers would be.
Jay A. Brown: Sure. On your first question, Mike, we do expect in our AFFO metric to highlight our line item the impact from straight-line rent and straight-line rental expense, so it'd be both the revenue and the expense. I think roughly for the full year 2011, and you can kind of get to this by doing -- looking at the cash flow statement. Somewhere in -- a little over 90%, more than that possibly of the RCF [recurring cash flow] that was produced in the calendar year 2011 will be cash, so it's in that area, and certainly...
Jay A. Brown: Less than 10% of it would be non-cash. In answer to the second question, I don't know that I have right in front of me the components of the growth in the quarter. I think it was potentially your question. I think I've laid out in my comments that for the full year, it was about 5% and 4%, and I believe that that's very similar for each of the quarters during the year that we'll get -- in the back half of this year that we'll get somewhere in the neighborhood of about 5% and 4% from the benefit of -- 5% being the additional equipment and about 4% being the benefit from escalations. You can see on the page that we laid out on Slide 12 that from a dollar amount standpoint, the benefit that we received to the GAAP revenues was about $60 million.
Jay A. Brown: We didn't answer that question. From a churn standpoint, it's obviously significantly front-end loaded, so from a net leasing standpoint, it will certainly be back-end loaded. From a leasing standpoint, it's probably going to be somewhat back-end loaded as well.
Jay A. Brown: Clay, on your first question, by implication is as you look at the growth, the fact that all of the growth is coming from leasing activity, I think the majority of that revenue growth is going to be cash, and as you...
Jay A. Brown: As we get into the year, and you can look at the FFO metric and we'll be able to analyze that and give you -- you can see it precisely. On the second question, as we laid out the next 5 years, there's roughly 36% of the tenant licenses that are going to come up for renewal. Those are spread ratably, and I would suspect that you will see us go through the process of renewing those as they come up. If we have an opportunity to move some of that forward, we may take that opportunity do so, but I wouldn't necessarily want to give you any guidance on that. As we noted in our outlook, we're not assuming that we pull forward any of those licenses from future periods and do any sizable renewals in the calendar year 2012, but as we get into the year, if we decide to do that, we'll certainly tell you.
Jay A. Brown: On your first question, Jonathan, we're not going to give guidance by quarter for 2012, but we're not expecting sequential declines in site rental revenue as we get into calendar year 2012. I think we'll have sequential increases. I think certainly, the amount of those increases as we move from Q4 to Q1 2012, those will be less than what we would expect in the back half of the year as we move from Q2 to Q3 and Q3 on to Q4 as a result of the churn that we've talked about in our previous comments.
Jay A. Brown: Our number's about $2 billion currently, so it's not moved much, and our current planning is that we'll burn that off in the neighborhood of 2015. And as we've talked about in the past, we would expect the REIT conversion to come about somewhere in the neighborhood of the beginning of 2016.
Jay A. Brown: Sure, Rick. We've assumed for the full year '12 a level similar to what we would expect for full year '11, so the contribution there is a little over $60 million is what we're expecting for 2012.
Jay A. Brown: I don't know that we want to specifically get into how the contractual terms of our leases work with any one of our customers. We talked about last quarter as Sprint announced the transaction that we have done with them that it's an activity-related contract, so as -- we will receive rent and revenues from them as they go out and touch the sites for Network Vision, but I think beyond that, I'll be quiet about how the contract works.
W. Benjamin Moreland: On Services, James, thanks for that because it gives me an opportunity to recognize the tremendous effort that our team has made to continue to grow our Services opportunity, and that's why increasing the take rate, or the number of instances where we're actually involved with a carrier that's touching our site, you’re an upgrade on a site, or a new installation, we're managing that installation. We're also bringing that more value add sort of further upstream on the front end of their application process to include structural analyses, zoning and permitting work, and not just simply the management of the construction activity on the site. So that's basically the nature of what's going on there, and we think it provides the high-tech experience that we're excited about, delivering with customers, and allows us to control what's going on the site and really manage the sites better. So very pleased with the effort we've demonstrated there.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Jason, this is Ben. On the land deals, I'd say it's just opportunistic. I mean, if something came up, we have an opportunity to purchase a number of sites in a single portfolio, again all of them being sites that are under our towers, and we look at it like just more of the same. It's essentially 2 quarters' worth of activity we're able to pull into the third quarter. I don't know that that will happen again. We're continuing to work on the same page that we've been on, the internal process, as Jay mentioned, somewhere in the vicinity of $150 million a year kind of run rate, maybe $120 million a year run rate, and we talked extensively about the progress we've made and what that does for the long-term attributes of the business. So I think you'd understand that. On the Alltel situation, this is basically the churn we would have expected. It took about 18 to 24 months for them to rationalize sites, get fiber pulled to other sites. This was sort of an ongoing process that was resident within Verizon on rationalizing sites, then I wouldn't begin to speculate on what others had in their arrangements. But this was part of a contracted termination arrangement on these sites as they go through, and this is actually the churn that we've felt from the deal. We didn't really have a whole lot when they did the deal. This is the delayed impact of that as they go through and rationalize sites and pull fiber to other sites. So again, it's all in the context of the backdrop, as it always is, around -- if you consider the significant investment that Verizon is making on improving and upgrading sites around the [indiscernible] overlay, on a net basis, it's a tremendous gain in terms of revenue growth for us on the Verizon account. It just so happens, we're isolating this one negative event because it does actually move the numbers in 2012 as we've talked about, but it's always important to keep in proper context what's going on in the entirety of Verizon undertaking.
W. Benjamin Moreland: I mean -- I guess there's always potential upside we saw outside in our Services business. We're always reticent to project that for obvious reasons, but it's early days, and we're going to do the best we can to get all we can.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Just one more final point on that, just backing into some numbers here for you, Dave, about -- it looks like about 40% of our licenses ultimately churn on Alltel. So if you go back to this 3% revenue, kind of back into it, it's about 40% would now come out. It's happening actually in the latter part of this year and then all of next year. And then, I think it's always important to look at the context of what has Verizon done since 2009 around building out LTE and significant revenue opportunities, significant investment in LTE and 4G to continue their market position and to which we and our peers have all been a great beneficiary of. So while you do have some churn that you can isolate in a particular period, the overall picture is significantly positive if you look at revenue growth, and that continues even with this churn in the numbers. It continues into 2012.
W. Benjamin Moreland: On the site decommissioning, Jonathan, I'd say that's a fairly minor activity and not something that's going to have a significant impact. We're obviously rationalizing some sites. And then in terms of adding new sites, we're always in the market. We've done a few acquisitions this year. I would like to see us add assets and further be able to leverage some talent that we're delivering on the operating side of the business today, but we're only going to do that where we're confident it can generate a return that's in excess of frankly what we can get to buy [ph] our own stock. And that's always the opportunity cost dilemma that we'd put ourselves through around here, and a lot of days, frankly, the acquisition doesn't prevail. But we love for it to, and we'd like to find other assets to acquire, but only on the disciplined approach that we've talked about. And then that leads us to sort of your RCF per share growth question. As you saw from this year, 2011, this fourth quarter guidance would suggest we're going to do 18%, coming off the string of -- from 2007, where we spent about 19%, I guess, as we said [ph] all the way through 2011. So we're very pleased with that. And going forward, as I look out, the organic growth of about 10% recurring cash flow on the current share count, which you have to look at, and then the current cash we have available in terms of cash flow of about a 7% yield today, chances are, if history is any guide, we'll end up using part of that to shrink the share count and part of it to add assets, again based on this methodology and relative value that we've always focused on. And so it's our expectation that you should still be able to count on sort of midteens growth if we're putting that cash flow to work properly, and that's our expectation. It's very clear to me that at some point in the future, and that's probably at the longest when we burn off our net operating losses, we'll be a significant dividend payer -- and likely a REIT structure. It's very difficult to find an example of a model where you can otherwise take out and not incur corporate income tax level where that doesn't ultimately prevail, and the prevailing school of thought is we will convert to a REIT once it efficient to do so when we burned off NOLs. So we are very focused as a management team on the notion that there is a date certain, and the longest time when that is is when you burn off NOLs. It could actually be sooner when we're going to be valued on the dividend approach and growth. And so anything we spend capital on, whether it be buying shares or buying assets, we are focused on driving that distributor cash flow per share as high as we possibly can, and I think it's important to think about Crown Castle as having somewhat of a unique window of time, of flexibility where we can put this capital to work in the most productive way before we lock ourselves in to a dividend approach, which will be ultimately a fairly significant dividend in all likelihood because of the tax depreciation and the rapid pace that it burns off. The necessary cash that's distributable at that point in time to eliminate the net income in the REIT looking out a few years will probably be a very significant component of our free cash flow. So anyway, that's really how we're thinking about it. I would say that my objectives are still sort of mid to high teens. We've done that here in the most recent year, and there's been no change in that view going forward.
W. Benjamin Moreland: We haven't disclosed that, because, for obvious competitive reasons, we're in the market buying every day.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes, Phil. We get about -- I'd say we get really good visibility 3 months out and there's always variability in there, and fortunately, it's been running in our favor. So when our guys come in with their forecast, fortunately for all of us, they've been sort of hitting the high end of their forecast every quarter and we've become quite accustomed to that, if they're listening. But nonetheless, it's about 3 months. So when you get out 6-months period,you've got a pipeline and you've certainly got an expectation, and we've got a pretty good track record of delivering. But we get very cautious beyond about that period, although I would add to the fact that we've gotten better at the take rate, we've gotten better at sort of predicting what we're likely to see from the application volume and by customer, so we know what we're doing by customer and which regions of the country we're more engaged in, which we still have some work to do. So we're able to make ever-increasing, probably better forecasts around what that level of activity will be. But it's not a precise science, and it has been cutting our way lately, which I'm quite happy to say, but again, it's not always assured and could have some variability in it.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes. We're actually assuming about flat contribution for '12 versus '11, and so that's not insignificant. That's moving pretty good. And so that's the confidence we have in the team, and obviously we're going to work very hard to deliver it. I think we're right on the hour. I want to thank everybody for joining us on the call today and your continued interest in Crown Castle, and look forward to finishing the year and we'll talk to you on the year end results, probably toward the end of January. So thanks again.
