Ben Moreland: Sure Dave, hi this is Ben. First of all, without addressing Sprint specifically what I’d like to talk about is the fact that, three of the four carriers have reported thus far and I think all of them in various ways have confirmed the need for macro sites being an integral part of their network now and in future, and that shouldn’t be surprising any of us that are close to the business. Macro sites i.e. towers remain the most attractive and cost effective way to cover a given geography with the spectrum that they own. That said, there are certainly hybrid sites and head net [ph] architectures that we participate in and many people do. That are going to augment the capacity of the networks going forward and that’s the whole small cell underlay approach. And frankly sites that look like crosses between macro sites and small cells, dark fiber fed and ultimately that sort of what CRAN architecture starts to look like overtime. When you think about our business fundamentally, it’s a capital intensive business. Goes with the lowest cost of capital, tend to win and when you introduced on top of that the notion of shared economics i.e. the carriers only pay for the proportion of the asset that they need. It’s an incredibly compelling model and it’s one that, I think, is going to continue to work as it has for the last 20 years for the indefinite future. So when carriers work on new deployments and new architectures with certainly an appropriate view to save cost, we’re going to be right there with them at every step of the way. And I can tell you that we’re working with all four carriers in that regard to utilize our cost of capital and the sharing model to be an integral part of their solution going forward. And so I think it’s been helpful for the last couple of weeks that three out of four carriers have confirmed that macro tower sites are an integral part of their model going forward. That’s not surprising to us. But I think this hybrid-type network going forward, is going to be very important and we’re incredibly well positioned with assets and capability to take advantage of that. But when you hear us talk about the cost of capital, it’s not simply just to lower the cost on the balance sheet, of our interest expense, it is very much to the most competitive company out there that can deploy capital assets on behalf of these carriers and make it very efficiently for them. And so that’s something we’re spending a lot of time on it, and executive team and I’m very comfortable with what we see in front of us.
Ben Moreland: Sure. The rationale behind the 10,000 miles of fiber providing great bargains are Sunesys it would give is a great head start on small cell deployments and that’s exactly what it is. But it’s a head start, it’s not a perfect footprint and so as you referenced, we’re constantly working to improve that our network, just as we do with existing Crown fiber, where we get a new engagement and maybe there’s, as I’ve described before there’s always overlap. So when you think of a tower co-location which is 100% co-location on existing site, co-location or an additional deployment on a Sunesys piece of fiber, or Crown fiber is always a hybrid. So there’s always a percentage of overlap and a percentage of new typically. But in examples may be otherwise like Manhattan where there was pretty full overlap. So that’s working well. It drives our increasing created yield on the asset. As I mentioned in my remarks we’re up to about 8% on the embedded capital like to date. And so as we’re building additional, either additional laterals or accommodating co-locations, it’s essentially driving up that yield overtime. And we’re going to have better metrics for you in the coming quarters because I know this has got a lot of moving parts to it. And we’re going to come out with that for everyone to help their modeling later in the year. What we focus on as a management team is ultimately the yield on the invested capital. That cuts through all the metrics whether it’s tenants per node, or nodes per mile, or revenue per mile. And so we’re going to help everybody with that later in the year so that we can all be clear, but that’s why we’re giving you these sort of run rate yields, it’s validating for ourselves as well that we’re continuing to see accretive investments in that space.
Ben Moreland: Sure, Brett. First of all, I didn’t mean to slide towers at all. We bought 17,000 sites in the last, I guess, three years that we’re looking for more tenants. So those towers we acquired from AT&T and T-Mobile most recently are very attractive co-location candidates. And probably, not probably absolutely represent the biggest value creation opportunity we have in the company. That is to co-locate on an existing tower and we’re quite happy with that going forward. The fact is that the carriers had essentially sold the vast majority of their site. There’s some small portfolios out there. And it has been somewhat aggregated by the three large carry tower companies. So I don’t see anything large on the horizon out there. It’s certainly not a requirement for us to create significant value as I mentioned the organic growth is what drives value around here. But I would also highlight, go back to 2001 and, 2000 and 1999, when essentially the carriers sold all their sites initially and then we went through a whole another wave of that some 15 years later. So we do think there’ll be a need for more tower sites overtime as cell sites continue to shrink and density requirements continue to increase. There’s nothing significant out there today and we are certainly advancing our leadership position on this newer architecture around small cells as we talked about. On the outdoor business for small cells, while we are about 90% focused in the top 25 markets, we’re constantly looking at opportunities outside the 25 markets. And so your question, I think, goes to sort of how big could this be? And the answer is, we don’t really know, but it looks like it could be sort of a whole another tower business. It’s hard, it’s expensive, it takes a long time to build these systems, but at the same time we are focused on what we think our franchise locations in something of a land grab that reminds us a lot of the early days of the tower business and so we’re focusing our efforts in the top 25 markets, but I don’t think it’s going to be limited to that. In fact I know it’s not, because we’re looking at opportunities occasionally outside those markets and looks like it’s got a long, long runway.
Ben Moreland: Well we have an indoor business and we do quite well with it, where we choose to play we’ve done a lot of sports arenas, things like that. I think overtime you’re going to see multi tenant office buildings, but there are alternative solutions available to the landlords and tenants, when you get into a multi tenant facility, that don’t necessarily lend themselves to a neutral host owner like ourselves. A tenant in an office building can set up their own system or an office building can own their system, there’s lot of different variations. And then there’s a limitation in the marketplace still as to what the carriers will ultimately elect to pay for in terms of the rent. As we’ve said forever and we all know this, there’s more need in the market for densification and network and there are hours in the day or capital that the carriers can invest. So there’s a rational prioritization going on. I think you’re certainly seeing this extend to healthcare facilities now. And so we’re certainly looking at the indoor building business where there when we find it attractive. But it’s – I don’t think it’s as large as the outdoor business.
Ben Moreland: Yes, hi Richard it’s Ben. It’s very competitive and look we’re the leader in the space and we believe we have more capability for what we turn key deployments which all in building systems locating antennas on fiber that we build. But at the same time, there are other very capable competitors out there and we see competition in the marketplace. It goes back to my original comments about cost to capital matters in this business. And so that’s something that we focus on. Not going to get really into the specifics around the market, a lot of these systems are conducted through an RFP process initially, but at the same time what matters most to carriers obviously is the ability of the award winner to execute. And so we have seen opportunities come back to us on occasion, where the awardee may have had some challenges in the market. What matters most to carriers if they have a need for small cells is execution, meeting your milestones, getting on the air, so that they can accomplish the capacity enhancements that they are trying to do on their network. So I think it’s [indiscernible] I will say on that, it’s a highly competitive market these days.
Ben Moreland: Well based on some initial conversations, I think we can attract extremely seasoned and qualified candidates that we’re very optimistic there this spring, having a great new addition to the team and more to come on that.
Ben Moreland: Sure, and I think what you’re referring to is Amir is the inherent trade-off that is between spectrum and densification i.e. to the extent you have more spectrum you can do more with your existing sites and within to lay the need to densify in a particular area if you otherwise didn’t have spectrum. And that’s true, and yet what we see is kind of all the above. So as the carriers come in and launch new spectrum, to get maximum efficiency out of that very expensive spectrum, they’re typically adding more equipment to the site, to the existing site. That just makes sense. The cost of that incremental amendment on a tower is nothing compared to getting the maximum value out of the spectrum in that particular geography. And that’s what is driving a lot of our amendment activity across all of the carriers and as has for years. I don’t see that changing. But in addition to that, you’re not going to cover the capacity requirements simply by adding spectrum to existing site. It’s mathematically impossible you can’t get the capacity requirements that are required. And so what happens is, in addition to adding that spectrum on existing sites, you’re then seeing small cells added in an underlay approach which gives them multiples of that spectrum, capacity, because they’re then reusing that spectrum in that geography and unloading, effectively unloading the capacity challenge on the macro side. So you’re going to see both, it’s exactly what’s driving our business today. The carriers are obviously being very rational about how do they prioritize their spend and they’re looking at spectrum auctions and having to pay for the spectrum up front. And then how do they maximize that capacity overtime. And then various carriers, they are in various stages of that today whether that’s cell site densification or macro site amendment. But all of that drives our business and it’s something that we think is going to continue for a long, long time.
Ben Moreland: Well, I think you’re going to see sort of all the above and it’s not new if you think about it. The wireless carriers essentially rebuilt the tower portfolio on their own balance sheet, since we as an industry acquired in the early 2000s and then elected to monetize it overtime in the last three years. I think carriers will from time to time experiment with lots of different methods to add capacities to their network, that’s not new. It goes back to the earlier comment and there’s a lot of different technology variations, I think, it’s generally accepted that fiber connectivity for small cells and towers ultimately through dark fiber connectivity provides the most flexibility and the most capacity for a given location. And so I think you’re going to see overtime that fiber, whether you’re talking about fiber-to-the-cell or fiber to the small cell, is a necessary element long-term to accomplish what they need. And it goes back to earlier comments on this call around cost of capital and the sharing model. Certainly it’s possible for carriers to work and build their own systems and certainly free to do that and operate under the same constraints that we do around permitting, and zoning, and rights away and things like that. But to the extent they can avail themselves of a lower cost of capital, allow themselves to put their capital back to work in their primary business and we pass along some of that shared economics to them in that construct, that’s going to make a lot of sense as it has for the last 20 years. And that’s what we’re pursuing.
Ben Moreland: Sure. First of all on the role Simon, we’re filling out the list, but it keeps getting more items on it. I think initially, I’m going to certainly continue to spend time on industry matters, whether that’s your PCI or NAREIT. I’m on the board of both organizations and we’re making some good progress there in the interest of our company, as well as the broader industry. And I expect to continue in the capacity. And then also I would expect to continue to work the executive team on matters of strategy, capital allocations, some of the discussions we’ve had on the call. But would anticipate that given the longevity and tenure of the team, this executive team, and Jay in particular having worked together for 17 years and can finish each others [indiscernible], I do not think, we’re going to have a difference of opinion very often on strategy. So it’s really going to be a to the board and to industry matters that I think are increasingly important for us. As we look to continue to have the ability to deploy wireless infrastructure in a very efficient way across the country and just for those on this call that is not getting any easier, and so it’s something that I’m pretty focused on.
Ben Moreland: Simon on your second question, I think you can roll back the clock and see that as the carriers have migrated technology, that those have almost always been aimed at improving the consumer experience which is generally code for faster access to data network. And those have always resulted in additional need for network density. And I think regardless of – you rattled off a few opportunities that are on the horizon. And we’re seeing carriers behave and think about the network planning whether we’re talking to them about macro sites or small cells in a very similar way that it’s going to result in additional network density being required and we think that’s great for our opportunity, our opportunity as we deploy capital and see additional yield on the capital that we’ve already deployed.
Ben Moreland: Sure. Thanks for the question, Colby. On the first question when we did the Sunesys acquisition I know initially when we announced that we weren’t sure exactly what the timing of the closing was going to be. The revenue growth year-over-year is a couple of million dollars. So the guidance that we gave you was what we were expecting in 2016. And really your two questions are fairly closely tied together. When we look at fiber in these markets and the opportunities that we’re seeing more broadly than just Sunesys and whether that’s expanding our portfolio on the top 25 market or as Ben referenced earlier if we’re looking outside of the top 25 markets, our aim is to own fiber that is supported by the wireless carriers. That’s our core business and that’s what we’re focused on. And so when we look at opportunities for fiber, that’s what we have in mind, of what can we do with that fiber ultimately to drive yield on the capital invested. And we think that yield is going to be primarily driven through investment by the wireless carriers and I was adding nodes to those or in some cases doing fiber-to-the-cell. There may be some acquisitions in the future, frankly as we talked about when we did the Sunesys acquisition we think that asset is really unique, it was dark fiber in major metro markets in the U.S. And while we have found a few tuck-in acquisitions like the one we did two years ago in the Baltimore, Washington area. Those are relatively rare. So we’re not thinking about this as getting into per se the fiber business or expanding into the fiber business. Over time, we may find opportunities to add additional yield through recurring revenue sources across the fiber that we own. Because of the location of the fiber it’s in urban areas where there’s a lot of density of population. And so we may find opportunities to add additional revenue and drive returns. But our focus both on the investment side as well as where we’re focusing our sales effort is around supporting our wireless carrier customers. That’s what we really want to do and what we want to be.  So that’s where you’re going to see us invest capital and focus our time and effort both in the near-term and what we believe currently will be the long-term strategy of the firm. 
Ben Moreland: That’s correct. If we obviously we did not own Sunesys for the entire 2015 period. But that’s what it grew year-over-year. 
Ben Moreland: Well I appreciate everybody’s time on call this morning. Thanks for the questions I know there was a long lived cheer and there are several folks who probably did not get to. We’re around today so feel free to pick up the phone and call us or you can reach up Son Nguyen. And we’re happy to get your questions. And look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Jay Brown: Dave and your second question, last year the 2015 increase in guidance over the course of the year about half of that was driven from an increase in leasing activity and about half of that was driven from lower non-renewals than what we had expected going into the year. And as we look at our guidance for 2016, we held that elevated level of leasing activities throughout the full calendar year 2016 such that leasing activity, we think this year will match that of 2015. As there are potential upside there, I’d point to the fact that typically in the business we have about six months to eight months of visibility – from the time we have an application coming from a carrier to the time it’s actually revenue producing. So we have a real good idea as to where new tenant leasing is going to be through at least the first half of the year or maybe dead-end of the third quarter. So to the extent that there was additional leasing activity over the course of year, that’s honestly more likely to impact our run rates going into 2017 then it is to be that meaningful to result in 2016.
Jay Brown: Yes, the SG&A pop-up, a bit of that would be related to having Sunesys for all three months of the quarter Ric. And then the other part of it the business outperformed our bonus level for across the employee base for the full-year 2015 would have been above kind of our targeted level as we raised outlook throughout the course of the year and delivered and even exceed it in the fourth quarter. I think if you look at calendar year 2016, we think the run rate is basically unchanged from full-year 2015. So as we talked about on previous call, we think that there’s virtually no cost increase at the GAAP line on the tower side or on the SG&A side for calendar year 2016, and that would be based on the current level of activity that we see in small cells, ex cetera. We’ll obviously have some operating costs in small cells as we deployed brand new systems. But for most part on the tower side we think costs are flat and on the SG&A we think those costs are flat in 2016 to 2015.
Jay Brown: On both the towers and small cell side the year is the bit back-end loaded, it’s about 40% of the activity in the first half of the year and about 60% in the second half of the year.
Jay Brown: Just to add to that. John, just real quick to add that as we’ve pursued the small cell business we’ve talked about on this call and remain very enthusiastic about the opportunity, again the first thing a carrier does is add densification, is macro tower sites. And everywhere we’re building small cells there are macro tower coverages already there. So if you were to stand on the street corner where we have a deployment, you would already have a macro site covering, keyword covering that geography. And so we’re building small cell networks essentially and underlay approach in to add capacity to these networks. But certainly the macro tower site is what happens first and that’s continuing to be what we see on the tower side.
Jay Brown: I was to about say on the first question, when we go into any given year there’s an expectation we have around ranges for each of the carriers. And I wouldn’t point to anything in calendar year 2016 that looks that much different than what we saw in 2015. We’re seeing activity on both the macro side, as well as small cells from all four of the operators. We saw that throughout 2015 and we would expect the same thing in 2016. On the mix of leasing in small cells, it’s about a 75% mix of where we’re deploying brand new systems in places that we did not previously have small cell systems and about of the leasing activity would be coming from co-locations on existing systems.
Jay Brown: Nothing definitive yet, we will wait until August, and we have our new GICS code and see how that goes.
