Jay A. Brown: Sure. I think the -- as you look at the growth of the full year, if you're looking at the outlook, there's a couple of things that are happening. Obviously, we've folded in the AT&T results; that is entirely in the first quarter, and that will continue for the balance of the year. On the cost side, we're staffing up in the first quarter, both in terms of direct expenses that would hit the gross margin, site rental gross margin line and also some of G&A and then the buildout of the facilities, which would impact AFFO. And that's -- most of that is starting to come in during Q2. There may be a little bit of it that doesn't get all the way in Q2 and would impact Q3, but I think most of that will be in the Q2. So I think that reconciles how to think about the addition of the AT&T asset. On the second part of the question, we're expecting organic growth to accelerate over the back half of the year. As I think Ben and I both mentioned in our comments, the leasing that we're assuming in Qs 2, 3 and 4 on average is about 15% higher than what we saw in Q1. And that's coming from all of the items that Ben mentioned around the big 4 operators. Most of that is new tenant installation on sites rather than amendments as we've seen over the last several years. So it's site densification and them adding additional sites.
Jay A. Brown: And then on the churn side, most of that is iDEN. So that started to come into the revenue side in the first quarter, although most of it really we only saw 1 month worth of churn in the first quarter from iDEN, and then we'll see it for the balance of the year. As we go into the calendar year next year, I think we previously mentioned we thought during calendar year '14, we would see about 1% impact to revenues from churn from iDEN, a little over 1%. And then the balance of it we would expect to see in '15. And then any licenses that are canceled in the back half of '15 obviously will have a little bit of fall-over into '16. So probably 1/3 this year, 2/3 next year as you're trying to time out when we'll see the impact from iDEN.
Jay A. Brown: Yes. On the CapEx side, those were all either CapEx we're adding on existing sites and then the construction of new sites, the vast majority of which would be in small cells. We didn't have any meaningful tower acquisitions in the first quarter.
Jay A. Brown: It's a little over 5%, almost 6%. And as I mentioned in my comments, it's up about 20% year-over-year, Ric.
Jay A. Brown: Sure. On the first question, I would say so far, the AT&T assets are performing very well in terms of the run rate of both revenues and gross margin that we acquired relative to what we expected in the acquisition. On a cash basis, it's slightly ahead of what we had underwritten and expected to have coming out of the gate. There's obviously whenever you -- if you're looking at the GAAP revenue numbers, there's the impacts of straight-line, both in terms of site rental revenues and site rental direct expenses related to ground leases. So there's some movement there, but on a cash basis, it's slightly ahead. And there is some benefit in our uplift of about $11 million in site rental revenue. A portion of that would be related to higher run rate -- initial run rates out of the AT&T portfolio, as well as the activity that I spoke about earlier of about 15% higher in the second half of the year and second quarter -- and second, third and fourth quarter of the year compared to the first quarter. So it's a combination of those 2 things that's driving the increase in revenue. On the 20% growth, again, it's about 6% of consolidated revenues today, and it's up about 20% year-over-year. Ben, I don't know if you want to speak to any details on what we're seeing.
Jay A. Brown: Okay. On the first question around the direct expenses in G&A, maybe the easiest way to do it, Jon, is to start from Q1 and then walk you to Q2. And then after Q2, as I mentioned, I think it will mostly be in the run rate. Moving from Q1 to Q2, there's the warmer weather impacts that we always see, as well as having more towers. That steps up direct site rental expenses by approximately $3 million from Q1 to Q2. The second item that's meaningful in site rental operating expenses would be around staffing, and that number moves up about $2 million roughly from Q1 to Q2. And that's a result -- as a result of us hiring folks throughout the first quarter to staff properly for the AT&T transaction. And then by the time we get to the second quarter, it's fully in the run rate. So I wouldn't expect meaningful steps in those expenses in Q3 and Q4. If you go to the cash G&A line, and this would exclude stock-based comp because as you look at our G&A line, the G&A line I think will look almost completely flat year-over-year. So the impact to EBITDA, and you can look at what is happening in -- around cash G&A. And there, there's probably another $2 million to $3 million step-up that we're seeing inside the quarter from Q1 to Q2 for a similar reason as to what I was speaking about in direct expenses where we staffed up during the first quarter and then we have the full run rate in the second quarter. And then from there, I would expect we'll see, both in terms of direct site rental expenses and G&A, those numbers to return to something in the neighborhood of about 3% growth on an annual basis from normal cost escalations.
Jay A. Brown: I think you were asking, Ric, about the mobile-to-mobile, M2M solutions press release that went out earlier in the month. That was a transaction or partnership that we've done with somebody to continue to build out small cells, and I think it's relatively small and won't be that impactful to site rental revenues or gross margins, adjusted EBITDA in the near term. I think there are, as Ben was speaking to in his commentary, there are a number of connected devices. And we're going to see the impact of those, or believe we'll see the impact of those, both on our traditional towers, as well as in the small cell space, for a long period of time. And so this was an early one that they wanted to put out, their desire to engage us in a meaningful way, from their perspective, to get their solution rolled out.
Jay A. Brown: Sure. I'll take the first one. You can do the second one, Ben. On the AT&T CapEx, we would have the normal repair and maintenance CapEx that we would expect to have. That will be on a recurring basis. And we'll start that during calendar year 2014 and we expect that to continue annually. Jon, if you're trying to pencil that out for the model, that generally works out to about $700 of CapEx per tower per annum. And so we've adjusted our outlook for sustaining capital expenditures to include that roughly $700 per asset. In addition to that, in the calendar year 2014, we're building out some additional office facilities to house the additional employees that I mentioned in the -- in my answer to your first question, and so there is some CapEx this year. It's going to be in the neighborhood in total of about $17 million. Obviously, I don't expect that to recur in future years. So that will be a cost we incur in calendar year 2014. And then beyond that, we would just have our normal repair and maintenance CapEx on a per asset basis.
Jay A. Brown: Probably the other synergy, Phil, I might just mention for you, is really on the sales side and sales cycle, this activity. We've talked about for years that when we do our customer surveys that we have the highest rate of customer service in the industry. And so as we broadened our service opportunity for small cells and demonstrated to the carriers in the early days that we're able to do these successfully to build them on time, to make them work, we've got a great track record of that. And that helps us as the carriers are looking to expand their portfolio. And I think our track record and our sales effort there has been really helpful, and that, obviously, has benefited greatly from the synergies of how well we've done over a long period of time on the tower side and on the services side. They trust us and they know we'll do what we say we're going to do. So I think that has benefited us greatly since we did the large acquisition 2 years ago.
Jay A. Brown: Sure, Colby. On your first question, the churn numbers looks -- I think it's important to draw a delineation between as you're thinking about the impact to site rental revenues in the full year 2014 versus full year 2015, as you asked that question. There is, as I mentioned in my comments, an acceleration by virtue of the fact that the iDEN churn didn't start occurring until March of this year. So as you go through the balance of the year, you, in essence, start to have full quarter impacts from the prior quarter nonrenewals. So really, in the second, third and fourth quarter, we're expecting a similar level of nonrenewals as we go through each of those quarters. The back half of the year, the cumulative impact of that is higher, and it will continue to grow all the way through calendar year 2015, which would have the highest cumulative amount of impact. But on a steady state, as you're thinking about sequential change quarter-to-quarter, the biggest news there is really Q1 to Q2 as we go from 1 month of impact to a full quarter impact. And then after that, you kind of have full quarter impacts. So the sequential change is most impacted then from Q1 to Q2. As we look at the revenue outlook for the balance of the year, given that we're expecting an increase in leasing of 10% at the organic growth line, that number would accelerate over the course of the year. So your sequential steps in net revenue quarter-to-quarter are going to be degraded by the time you get to the fourth quarter. So hopefully that sort of helps you think through your model. On the second question, I think as you get into the pricing on a tenant basis with small cells, it's a little different than traditional towers because the systems are priced based on what needs to occur at the local level in order to accomplish that buildout. So these are priced much more on a return basis. I would say, generally speaking, you kind of laid out the numbers, you're in the general ballpark of what small cells revenue impact is on a per site basis. Maybe a little high, but there are certain systems that are going to be even higher than the number that you mentioned and other systems that are lower. So we're pricing these on a return basis. And as we've said historically, we think the returns on small cells are similar to that of towers, if you price them on a ticket system that has 3 tenants on them or 4 tenants on them. And the returns on those would look very similar to a tower that would have 3 to 4 tenants. The business is performing very well, and the lease-up that we're seeing on the small cells that we've built thus far, they're actually leasing faster than what we've historically seen from towers. So the returns or the margins or how we want to think about yields on those assets, they're achieving yields higher than -- over a shorter period of time from what we've traditionally seen in towers, which is probably a better way to think about it rather than trying to price that out on a per node basis, because we're pricing these based on the invested capital required in order to accomplish them.
Jay A. Brown: On the first question, the 8% number we were talking about last year, that was on a gross basis before nonrenewals. So we're now -- we've moved that number from 8% to 9%. That 1% move is all related to the new leasing activity. Escalators are remaining the same as we've previously expected. We do have escalators on the DAS. Thank you for reasking the question. I'm sorry I missed that in Colby's question. There are embedded escalators in the DAS contracts. The terms of those leases are very similar to towers as we noted in the supplement. There's about 8 years remaining on the average term on those leases, and so they look very similar to tower leases, both in terms of term and escalation provisions.
Jay A. Brown: Yes. On the first question, if you were to take the 25% to 30% that we said before and then factor in the 15% from Q2 to Q3, Q4, probably closer to about 35%, maybe a little bit more than that, year-over-year growth in terms of new activity and amendment activity. Combine that and think about that in terms of organic revenue growth on the sites. On the amendment activity, 85% of the total revenue activity, leasing activity that we're seeing is new licenses is 15%. That probably compares last year to somewhere in the neighborhood of about 60% new and 40% amendments. In the year prior to that, it was almost a complete inverse of '14 where we were seeing between 10% and 20% new licenses and about 80% almost of the activity was coming from amendments. Most of that speaks to the commentary that Ben gave around the carriers' move from the coverage buildout for 4G to looking at site densification. In terms of what we're seeing from both amendments and new leasing pricing, it's up from past years and, on a like-for-like basis if you look at the equipment being added, it's -- the pricing has gone up probably 3% to 4% on an annual basis. When you start to try to compare what's the average amendment or the average lease, you really have to do that analysis on a carrier by carrier basis and look at what equipment are they actually putting up. Otherwise, the numbers are not necessarily comparable, and we're not prepared to share pricing by carrier. So I think I'll stop there on the explanation.
W. Benjamin Moreland: And we see that in the pipeline today, given that we're sitting here in late April. We can see most of that already in the pipeline.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Ric, we -- obviously, we're very proud of our track record and our business model around the economics of shareable infrastructure, and that clearly translates really to many markets around the world as wireless is a growing business worldwide today and we see that in our international business in Australia today. So we completely support the notion of shared infrastructure in other countries, and we continue to look. The challenge we've had thus far and the reason we haven't pulled the trigger on anything of any size has been the initial upfront price relative to the cost of capital in those other markets. We've just not been able to get to a sort of risk-adjusted total return expectation on lease-up, which you have to have when you impose the currency risk and inflation and other things that happen in some of those markets. It comes at a premium. And in our opinion, we haven't been able to meet the price or expectations of sellers and, therefore, haven't pulled the trigger. So it's merely a function of price. It has really not a lot to do with -- at a price, the shared model certainly works sense -- makes sense and works anywhere in the world. We are extremely bullish as we talked about on what we see happening in the U.S. market. We would note that we're in pretty good company with Verizon's decision to acquire their Vodafone interest. So we've got a lot on our plate here. The small cell business is going well, and as networks densify and add new cell sites to accommodate the capacity, we've got a lot to do here.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Well, I would just say, yes, we're just -- we're seeing a very significant uptake in small cell architecture among -- amongst several of the carriers as they're using it as a way to add capacity in dense markets. When we talk about small cell, as you know, we're in the indoor business and the outdoor business. Certainly, we're doing a number of venues, and those are co-locatable networks and I'm very pleased with that. We're also having great success and a growing building of a pipeline in the outdoor small cell architecture. We're, again, serving higher density locations where macro sites are just unable to handle the traffic. And so this is an underlay type of architecture across where they would certainly already be coverage. And we're seeing a very significant uptake this year in that architecture and one that I think will ultimately be adopted in a robust way by all 4 of the major wireless carriers over time.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Secondly, Jon, you asked about the incremental investment and activity we're seeing on the small cell side. Primarily, what we're doing is we're benefiting from the significant fiber plant that we acquired in the NextG acquisition back in 2012. From that, which we have significant fiber plant in many major cities, we're co-locating across that existing fiber plant, as well as adding additional laterals to that, extending the capacity of that plant into other locations. And so it gets sort of very blurry. It's not quite as clear-cut as the tower model where you're adding a tenant on an existing tower. Effectively, you're adding an additional tenant or node on existing fiber, and it may come with modifications or extensions to that fiber that we're doing on behalf of that tenant, with an expectation for further tenancy over time. So the term co-location is still alive and well in that business and working very well. It often comes with additional fiber that we're building, again, shareable among many. And then the last point.
W. Benjamin Moreland: I think, Jay, you mentioned in your comments that our -- the vast majority, about 90%, of our activity right now is from the Big 4 carriers. And that's skewed a little high lately. For years, the -- what I would call the "other category" has been the equivalent of sort of one of the other Big 4. So there's sort of a Big 5 out there. And then of late, that has been light in that there's -- most of the activity has been around the Big 4 carriers. This M2M-type announcement highlights that there are always other people with access to spectrum, as I mentioned longer-term thoughts around DISH, LightSquared and FirstNet, that certainly stand to contribute to our growth over time, but not in the current outlook.
W. Benjamin Moreland: It's a little spike this year. And then on the monetization of the existing fiber plant, obviously, we're working hard every day to add small cell nodes to that fiber. But to your point, we have a small level of fiber-to-the-cell business already monetizing some of that fiber. And we have some other opportunities that I wouldn't call material yet, but are interesting. And I think there's a number of ways over time we can monetize the fiber, those that we already own and what we may construct over time. But as yet, Jon, it's probably not material enough to really highlight.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes. Kevin, we -- as we've talked about, we're down to about 10% of our activity now as being covered by the so-called MLA contracts that were prepaid, if you will, presold. And we expect that to continue to fall. So really, any future activities, the most significant portion of that would be new revenue opportunities going forward. Without getting real specific by carrier, by market, we expect that 10% level to sort of hold and trail off over time.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes, I would characterize it as more of a '15 event, exactly, given that we're already 1/3 of the way through the year.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes. Thanks, Amir. This is Ben. I'll take a crack at that one. Densification and the anticipation of adding additional cell sites after the initial coverage build is our entire business thesis. We've spent $9 billion on buying 17,000 towers and 10,000 DAS nodes in the last few years just based on that exact view. And that is now happening and playing out in spades. As we talked about in our prepared remarks, where in the case of Verizon and AT&T, they're actively moving into that cell site densification activity, adding additional locations where they weren't previously present, going on new towers as their LTE networks load up and they need to add capacity. That's also what we're seeing on the small cell side. We fully expect, if history is any guide, that you'll see the same occur out of Sprint and T-Mobile over time as they complete their initial coverage build on LTE. And we're already having initial conversations with them around their build plans for 2015 in anticipation of that happening. So our thesis, which again played out quite well back from 1999 to today, is that you have initial coverage build, and then you have infill, and that's exactly what we're seeing happening in the market today and what we expect will happen for many years to come as we lease up these new sites we've acquired with roughly 1.7 tenants per tower. We have a lot of capacity and a lot of locations that can quickly and efficiently aid these carriers in adding capacity into their networks. So that's what we're all about.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Well, it really is carrier-specific, again depending upon where they are in their deployment cycle with 4G. But I would say that we have seen absolutely no evidence of switching as you used that term. What we've seen is sort of more of everything. And so of those that are now in the densification mode, there's a very heightened sense of urgency to add capacity to deal with all of the requirements and demands that we, as consumers, are putting on these networks, as we mentioned with mobile video, connected machine-to-machine, voice over LTE, which is still coming. So there is a lot of future demand that the carriers honestly are trying to build in anticipation of and keep up with our current needs. But I haven't seen any evidence of switching per se. It's just now we have an architecture that adds capacity very efficiently in high dense areas and reuses that frequency on a -- with very small cells and reuses that frequency frequently. That's something that we're continuing to benefit from and working very hard to optimize. We've got a lot of people working on building out the -- in the co-location on the fiber that we mentioned on the small cell side and a very robust pipeline there.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Well, Phil, we've got a pretty good track record of growing the services business, as you all know. We're also kind of reticent to guide up on services. But I would say that with the addition of 10,000 towers this year, we would naturally expect with the activity that we ought to be able to replicate last year. As you sort of back into the guidance, you can sort of figure out that the service activity for this year now is roughly the same as last year, that's sort of what's implicit in the guidance. Can we do better than that? We'll see as we go through the year. We are extremely pleased with the take rates and the confidence that our carrier customers are placing in us in helping them meet these needs, both on augmenting and amending cell sites, as well as brand-new installations. So we'll see, but it's continuing to go in a very big way.
W. Benjamin Moreland: So we have a lot of local presence. I mean, we operate a national business since we have people in local markets. And while I would say there has been some overlap and some benefit, and I would suggest to you in the future there will be more benefit and more overlap, where we have towers where you can even use some compounds at towers to build laterals off of tower sites into the small cell architecture, that has not been a real material part of the activity so far. I think it will over time. What the most, I guess, determining factor is for us and what's the most efficient, obviously, is where we already have fiber. Where we already have some of these 6,200 miles of fiber that we own in these major cities, that becomes a very compelling proposition for carriers looking to add an architecture in those markets. And then obviously, we have to build more as we're serving additional locations with laterals off of that spectrum -- I mean, off of that fiber. But obviously, the most important part of that is having that embedded fiber base already there, and that's yielding this pipeline we've spoken about.
W. Benjamin Moreland: No, I would suggest the top 100 markets are probably even accelerating from what you see as the historical -- we provided in the supplement now the historical run rates of revenue, both top 100 and otherwise, on those towers. So you can see the spread there. I would suggest it's accelerating as the density of those markets is where all this capacity is required on top of the tower business, and I would overlay the small cell business and say, obviously, that's happening primarily in the top 100 markets, although not completely, primarily in the top 100 markets. So that's -- I think that's probably going to accelerate over time. The FirstNet activity, Simon, I hate to put a timeline on it. You can expect, given our position in the market, that we are very close to FirstNet and what's going on there. And they've got the keys to our system and are profiling our sites and portfolios in various markets and know how we could assist them, and we're in constant dialogue. But I would really not want to sort of put a timeline on exactly when we would think that would turn into revenue. As you know, there's a lot of moving pieces there, state by state, and so let's hold that one out for now. And obviously, it's a nice opportunity that we think will yield something in the future, but not in the current outlook.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Tim, on the technology question, as I think about technology, what we've seen that's been most impactful so far, aside from just spectral efficiencies we've gained in the equipment by putting our RUs [ph] up the tower and things like that, it has been the emergence of Wi-Fi hotspots. And I don't want to speak for my carrier customer friends, but I suspect in certain places, they're somewhat relieved that you're getting wireless -- somewhat a relief there through Wi-Fi hotspots. And I believe by some estimates, it's already offloading as much as 50% of the traffic when we're all using Wi-Fi when we can. It's our expectation that, as I've said in my prepared remarks, net of that kind of offloading node, in the mobile environment, there's licensed spectrum, and handoff from one cell to the other is sort of the dominant architecture. We're going to continue to see very significant growth on the licensed spectrum side, if for no other reason just because of the capacity requirements that's needed with, as we mentioned, with 350 megahertz out there and more to come. That's a whole lot more than you could traditionally do a Wi-Fi node. And then with respect to the pCell Artemis article the other day, from time to time, there are valuable new technologies that come up. They don't -- they change the laws of physics and they do require light installations and some level of backhaul connectivity into whether it's a vertical height or it's an installation that looks a lot like a small cell. And over time, to the extent that's viable, and I think it's very early days, but to the extent that's viable, I would think that would certainly be something we could benefit from over time.
W. Benjamin Moreland: I was about to stop you. I -- Listen, I appreciate everybody by going along with us this morning. I know it was a very busy morning for reporting. I want to commend the team for putting out the supplemental package. You can appreciate this was a lot of work to determine what we thought was most relevant to you, the investor. There's a lot of good information in here that I would encourage you to spend a little time with. I think most importantly, that I think is relevant, is it will help all of us more easily toggle between the GAAP reported revenue numbers and the adjusted numbers adjusted for straight-line and acquisitions. That's a challenging concept. It sounds easy. It's not. I appreciate that, and we -- it's challenging for us and we do it every day. So hopefully, some of this disclosure, for example, on Page 8 for one and others, that really kind of gets this into very granular terms is helpful for your own modeling and to really understand what's going on in the business. Again, thanks to the team for doing that, and thank you, again, for listening and staying along with us this morning. We look forward to reporting to you on another very successful quarter next quarter. Thank you.
