Jay A. Brown: Sure, Ric. I think there's a wide range of options here in terms of what would make the transaction accretive in the short term and also in the long term. For purposes of this call, we're not going to get into any specificity about the portion of the consideration split among cash, equity and debt.
Jay A. Brown: Ric, we're not going to get, again, to allot specificity around timing or amount, but obviously, we'll need to raise the capital prior to closing the transaction.
Jay A. Brown: There will be. We would expect about $6 million of additional G&A during calendar year 2014 related to staffing the business in order to handle these additional assets. We would expect, at least, as we gave the guidance, that to be completely covered by services. We very well may be able to do better than that, but our assumption was that services gross margin offset the G&A when it gets the EBITDA impact.
Jay A. Brown: Yes. I would describe our 4 to 6x as a long-term leverage target ratio, and I think you've seen us operate in and around that level. At times, we've been above it. At other times, we've been slightly below it. So I think it's exactly that. It's not a bright line, but it's a target level of leverage that we would expect to maintain over a long period of time.
Jay A. Brown: Sure. Stephen, on the first question, as we think about the iDEN exposure that we have, Sprint has the right, ratably, as you stated correctly, over 2014 and 2015 to not renew leases as they come to their effectual term end date. We won't know ultimately how many of those get renewed or not until we reach those dates. So purposes -- for our purposes, what we've assumed -- when I speak to the 1% in calendar year 2014, we've assumed that none of the leases, none of the iDEN leases that come to their effectual terms end date during 2014 are renewed. Obviously any lease that is renewed in the latter half of -- that is not renewed in the latter half of 2014, we don't see a full year impact. So there's a bit of a laddering of the impact to revenues during calendar year 2014 than 2015, and then we would see a tail of it in 2016. It's the licenses that are canceled in the latter half of 2015. If they are, we would see the full impact of the site rental revenue line in 2016. With regards to your second question, we've assumed about $6 million roughly of maintenance CapEx related to the asset. I mentioned in my prepared remarks the investment that we're making to expand some of our office facilities and remodel. Those costs should be for -- only in calendar year 2014. I wouldn't expect those to recur, at least in the foreseeable future. But $6 million increase that you can see in the forecast, we would expect that to recur and that's related directly to these assets.
Jay A. Brown: Brett, I think at that upper end from the disclosure in the 8-K, I think that is the upper end, which is basically our leverage ratio that we have in our existing debt agreement. And you could run through that calculation. I think that's the upper end. I think beyond that, well, I'll -- as I did with Ric's question, I think I'll pass on being any more specific around our financing plan.
Jay A. Brown: Sure, Jonathan. On your first question, in terms of the other tenants that are on the tower, their terms do look like market rates both in terms of the amounts they pay per month, as well as their escalation provision. There is approximately, including AT&T's, the rent we would expect to collect from AT&T next year, there's approximately a little over $400 million of total revenue from the AT&T towers portfolio. And as I mentioned the terms of the other tenants are on market terms. That would be true also for the iDEN exposure that is there. There is a little bit, but it's fairly minimal. We think maybe over the next couple of years, that would be about $5 million roughly, would be our impact from that. I would point out to you in the comments that I made earlier around our churn, both in calendar year 2014 and beyond, those numbers that I gave you in terms of the impact include any churn that we would expect from these AT&T towers with regards to iDEN.
Jay A. Brown: Certainly anytime that we negotiate these agreements, we think about long-term financing capabilities of the assets. And this structure is one that we are able to finance, if we should choose to go down the path of doing a secured transaction like what we've done in the past. And obviously, we've done securitizations on assets that are in a similar structure as to what these are.
Jay A. Brown: Sure. On your first question, Tim, you've got it exactly right. Our embedded organic growth -- if you think about it on a same tower sales basis, was right at about 8%, that's about 25% to 30% more than what we expect for our full year 2013 outlook and is a reflection of both an increase in absolute level of activity, as well as the mix shift that I spoke about in terms of what percentage is covered by our presold leasing arrangement. And as we expect, in 2014, only 10% of that activity, we think, is going to be -- come from this presold leasing arrangement. So there is a significant amount of additional growth in that 8% organic growth, about 4%, about roughly or a little over 4%, 4% to 5% is coming from new leasing activity; and then the balance coming from cash escalations, a little over 3% coming from cash escalations. And then, as I mentioned, the offset to that, the churn amounts are about 60% of the cash benefit from escalations. So that should bridge the growth we expect in organic cash revenues in the next calendar year.
Jay A. Brown: Yes. I think there's a bunch of different ways to think about it. Depending on how you view the cost of capital, whether you use a blended rate or if you assume we keep balance sheet appropriately levered over the term, I think it will add about, if you want to bring it back to present value, about 1/2 the churn, a little over 1 churn to be -- to the purchase price that was paid is probably the right way to think about it.
Jay A. Brown: Certainly since September, we've had a number of conversations with REIT investors as we put out our announcement that are -- we intended to convert -- we intend to convert in September. It's a little early this morning to get any feedback on our dividend announcement but I would imagine that over the coming days, we'll be having significant conversations over the coming month.
Jay A. Brown: I think, Michael, you could also look at the 4 carriers transactions that we presented on the slides and that Ben was -- during his prepared remarks. You could see on the slides the 4 carriers transactions that we did going back a decade ago. The percentage in the top 100 markets is very similar to what we acquired here in this AT&T tower transaction. And so I think that would be a good comparison, if you're trying to do it on an apples-to-apples basis.
Jay A. Brown: Sure. On our tenant revenue side, we have about 10% to 15% of our consolidated leases that have some types of CPI. Either they may have an absolute outright CPI, some of them may have a CPI with a cap or CPI with a floor. On the ground lease side, it's about 25% of the leases that have a CPI-type escalator. Again, many of those would have a cap or have a floor embedded in them. Over the last several years, just in terms of the cash component of that, at the cash level with regards to revenue, we've been averaging over 3.5% of benefit from the escalation, and that would be total escalations including CPI. And then on the ground lease side, those have been right at about 3% over the last several years.
Jay A. Brown: Sure. On the first question, the prepaid rent component is a direct function of the leasing that we do on the assets and the need for investment of CapEx in order to improve the asset for additional co-location. And so the increase, which we've shown in the -- inside a press release, the increase that you see there is a result of those 2 components, including the AT&T assets. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, in 2014, we expect the benefit from that to be about $20 million roughly. And that ties really to your second portion of your question around the augmentation CapEx that we would expect on the AT&T assets. It's very similar. We've made an assumption that's very similar to what we had seen on our own portfolio. And we would expect, as Ben mentioned earlier in the conversation, we would expect the vast majority of that to be reimbursed by the tenants, let's say, as they go on to the site, a component of the leasing arrangement that we have with them is that they provide and reimburse us for any capital necessary to improve the site to hold their equipment. On the last question, I think you can see from our public filings where our cost is under our revolving credit facility today, given where rates are, the cost of that between 2.5% and 2.75%. Our holding company bonds are trading just over 6% currently or around 6%. So I'll leave it to you to make your own assumptions around the various components that we use, but that's the range of where our debt instruments are. And obviously, depending on the type of structure and the duration, the numbers could move, but that at least should bound it some level of ranges.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Sure, Simon. First of all, it is October, and our tradition is being conservative on services guidance, and we've been wrong for a number of years on that, I'm happy to report. But I would remind everybody that, that is a business that, while has grown significantly, is different than the recurring site rental business. So we have necessarily taken a little bit of a haircut to 2013 levels. And as we mentioned, about $25 million year-over-year down would be our assumption in this guidance. Your question I'll anticipate would be, "Well, gee, with this additional portfolio, wouldn't that augment probably your opportunity on the services side?" to which, I would acknowledge. But at the same time, we do are seeing a significant mix change towards co-locations, as Jay mentioned. So we're a little conservative on that outlook right now, and we'll continue to see how well we can do. On the Verizon and AT&T and other -- the Big 4 carriers, in terms of the leasing mix this year and what we're seeing, we have seen a dramatic shift this year in leasing. And as Jay mentioned, our outlook for 2014 is about 90% of our revenue going forward, of our incremental revenue is occurring on either through co-locations or amendments that are falling outside of these presold agreements that we have with several of the carriers. A significant portion of that is made up through co-location activity or network densification, if you will, as the initial path of LTE goes through these markets and as the carriers have eloquently explained, these networks are supply-constrained, if you will. And so as soon as a site is essentially turned up very shortly thereafter, they're looking at network densification or cell splitting, which, in many times, is co-location on an existing tower, where they have not previously been. So we're continuing to see a significant and ramping component of that, like we saw years ago, as other generations of technologies rolled out, and it's nice to see. It has started, principally, with Verizon and AT&T but we would expect over time as the Sprint LTE and T-Mobile LTE build, go through the markets, that they will see a similar experience where they'll need to densify these networks and come back and cell split. And certainly the capital commitment that all 4 companies are making to the industry right now would suggest that we're going to see significant growth in that regard for some time in the future.
W. Benjamin Moreland: No. No, that's basically yet to come at the Clearwire's spectrum being re-purposed from the Sprint Network Vision upgrades, if you will. That's still in the planning stages, but something that we anticipate is coming very soon through the upgrades on the Network Vision sites.
W. Benjamin Moreland: That's correct, Brett. We're not going to get into all the details, but I would say that it's consistent with other transactions we've done where they have existing capacity on the site plus some reserve for future growth. But at the same time, they've requested and we've negotiated a rate card for equipment that they would contemplate potentially adding over time that would result in additional equipment beyond this reserve capacity and the additional rent to go with it. So for planning purposes, to be honest, in the near term, I wouldn't suggest to you that's going to be a significant revenue event for us, but longer term, we'll have to see what their needs actually are on the sites. And most importantly, in a transaction like this, we have not encumbered the sites that we'd be leasing to prevent us from adding co-location to these sites, whether on the tower or on the ground. So we are very confident in our ability, as we have with the other transactions we've completed over the years, add additional tenants to these sites, and that's obviously where the real value driver is in these types of transactions.
W. Benjamin Moreland: I wouldn't anticipate it. This was a competitive process and a requirement that AT&T wanted to see in their MLA here with us on this transaction specifically. And so we were -- we, obviously, priced that into how we thought about the economics of the transaction. But I wouldn't anticipate that would be the case going forward.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Sure. The short answer is yes, we do see additional upside, and that has been our experience over time when we have reserve capacity or presold agreements or however they've been structured over time, is that there's certainly a period where they use the reserve capacity that they've negotiated, and then over time depending upon what equipment requirements are and subsequent generations of technologies. And that's the very reason why we have a preexisting rate card negotiated in this transaction. Both parties know what the pricing on that would be to the extent they need capacity above their reserve capacity, and that's been our experience over many years. So that ultimately does come into play.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Sure, Amir, the -- and thanks for that question. That's -- our experience has been very positive on these carrier-located towers. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, fundamentally, this is a real estate business in our view. And location of the asset is the primary driver along with the ability to execute for customers and do all the other things that we work on very hard every day. We've gotten pretty good at adding capacity to these towers. As Jay mentioned, our expectation on this transaction is there's at least one tenant of additional capacity on these sites without significantly more investment. But even where there is additional investment required over time, as there has been in others that we've acquired, those turn out to be fantastic investments. And as you can see depicted in our slides, well, I think for the first time in a long time, we've broken out the yields that we've accomplished, the growth in yields from the original transaction with carrier towers. They're roughly quadrupled what we originally acquired the sites over a decade ago. And so the experience has been one where we add yield. We certainly add net -- structural capacity where required. That takes additional investment. Very often that is significantly shared with the carrier adding that tenant on the tower. But over time, we have a track record of adding significantly to the yield on these sites, and we'd expect that to be the case here.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes, Kevin. This is Ben. We had to start somewhere. And this payout is a little bit less than 1/3 of AFFO guidance for 2014. We think it's a meaningful start on the dividend path, as you suggest, but gives us plenty of flexibility to allocate capital for growth-enhancing investments over time. We've put the 15% -- at least 15% growth out there as a target, as an expectation. But as you rightly point out, over time, as we consume the NOL, as it's currently sheltering that income, but as net income rises and we consume the NOL, once that's close to exhausted, we would have a much more significant payout over time. And if you extrapolate that out, you can pretty easily get to the 15% growth over time. And that final payout ratio, once we're a full dividend payer with no NOL shelter, is probably in the 75% range of AFFO. So a very significant payout coming. It was just a lively debate that we had among ourselves and with some friendly shareholders who were not shy about giving us their opinion on where we should start this dividend and the path that it should take as we get to the inevitability of a very high payout ratio probably in the next 3 or 4 years.
W. Benjamin Moreland: It's meant to be a 5-year CAGR, so it would be compounding over time. That's our anticipation as we start this process.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Sure, Mike. The concentration of the top 100 markets and the top 50 markets is sort of a fundamental driver in our business. And it goes to the statement I made earlier about location being the primary driver of leasing. And so as we look at our company pro forma, we'll be about 72% in the top 100 or about 28,000 sites. And a little over 50% of this portfolio was actually in the top 50 markets. So it certainly met our criteria for concentration in urban markets, where network enhancements are obviously most required, where the population lives and where the consumption of network capacity is the greatest. And so this certainly met all of those hurdles for us internally. The -- their -- you're correct. Their -- AT&T's commitment on their communications facilities on these sites will be 10 years, and the co-locations that exist today, the 0.7 additional tenants per tower are on a variety of terms, 5 to 10 years, with typically multiple renewal options that would be customary in the industry.
W. Benjamin Moreland: We don't think so. We think at some level, you get down to sort of splitting hairs, and we think these are certainly well-located sites, with an urban and suburban concentration that, given our experience in our own portfolio, it would certainly suggest that there's significant leasing opportunities still to come.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes. Let me start with your second statement first, just so we can clear that up. No, we wouldn't -- we didn't and haven't suggested that: Number one, that these are 4-tenant towers; or number two, they've consumed half the capacity. So let's just start over with that. I think it's important, and we can even go back to Colby's question previous. Our assumption for modeling purposes and planning in a medium-term accretion analysis is sort of what does it take to believe [ph] to get an additional tenant per tower over time. But that, by no means, is the outside boundary. And you look at what we've done on the sites we've owned over the last 12 years, and they have significantly more than 1 additional tenant per tower in many, many cases. So it's -- as we affectionately refer to right here, there's nothing that an additional capital investment won't cure, typically at a very high return on investment when you have additional revenue coming on the sites. And we would not suggest to you that the AT&T reserve space is the equivalent of effectively half the tower over time. But, Jon, let me go back to your first point because I think it's a good one, and it's -- it would be -- it's a little bit speculative on our part because, as you know, Sprint right now with Network Vision and we as a counter-party are working very hard to get their Network Vision sites upgraded on their existing sites for their LTE launch that's ongoing. And so that is really our focus, and I think it's their focus for the time being. As you move out through 2014 and potentially into 2015, it's logical to assume, based on what we're seeing with other carriers that are further along in their LTE deployment, that you'll see network densification requirements, and they're talking about needing additional cell sites. Are those typically -- would those happen to be some LTE, I mean, some iDEN installations that they currently have? Potentially. I can't, for the moment, tell you what that would be or how many. And for planning purposes, we've given you the full amount of the scope of what we think that churn event could be over time. That's 3% of revenue, starting with 1% in 2014 and rolling forward, as Jay mentioned. But certainly as you think about it in the back of your mind and walking through the sequencing of events, you could see some of the sites, perhaps, in the latter part of that 2 years be re-purposed. And we'll just have to wait and see on that one. But I think we need to wrap up this call. We're right on an hour. Again I really want to express my appreciation to those of you who jump on the call early with us this morning on very short notice. It's not our custom, as you know, but we wanted to get the news out quickly over the weekend and then -- and follow it up with our earnings call and '14 guidance and the dividend. And so we've got a lot for you to digest this morning and the merits of this very large and significant transaction that we've announced today. We are thrilled to death to be going forward and expanding our relationship with AT&T. Again, I want to extend my appreciation to the professionals on the AT&T side that worked with us to get us to this announcement last night. We've got a lot of work to do internally. We're getting pretty good at integrating assets, and we are really excited to move forward into this environment of expanded relationship with AT&T and look towards closing in the fourth quarter. So thanks again to everybody for joining us this morning, and we'll talk to you soon.
