Daniel Schlanger: Thanks, Jay, and good morning, everyone. Thanks again for accommodating our schedule change and joining us on the call early in the morning. I can imagine everyone is focused on our acquisition announcement. We also announced earnings this morning, and our results were very good. We delivered another quarter of positive financial results as our fundamentals for our business remain strong and our team continues to execute at a high level for our customers. Results for the quarter met or exceeded the midpoint of our prior guidance for site rental revenues, adjusted EBITDA and AFFO. We are pleased with our strong operating results during the first half of the year and the continued healthy leasing activity we are seeing across our infrastructure assets, which we expect to continue through the second half of the year. As a result, we are increasing our full year 2017 outlook at the midpoint for site rental revenues, adjusted EBITDA and AFFO to reflect that backdrop and incorporate the contribution from the Wilcon acquisition that closed in late June. Turning to second quarter 2017 results. As shown on Slide 12, site rental revenues grew approximately 8% or [$66 million] as compared to the same period in 2016, inclusive of approximately 5% growth derived from organic contribution to site rental revenues. The 5% or $42 million of growth from organic contribution of site rental revenues consists of approximately 8% growth from new leasing activity and contracted tenant escalations, net of approximately 3% from tenant non-renewals. Moving on to investment activities for the quarter. We closed on our $600 million acquisition of Wilcon and invested an additional $301 million in capital expenditures, including $261 million of revenue-generating capital expenditures across towers and small cells that we believe will generate compelling returns and deliver long-term growth in dividends per share. Consistent with our focus on maintaining an investment-grade balance sheet, we financed the Wilcon acquisition with $442 million in net proceeds from equity issued during the quarter, and the balance was funded with a portion of the proceeds from our inaugural 30-year unsecured bond offering in May. We believe the attractive pricing on this long-term capital of 4.75% reflects the market's recognition of our high-quality cash flows, the long-term nature of our assets and the attractive prospects for our business. Our focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet has positioned us well to invest in our business while providing the flexibility to pursue attractive acquisitions like Lightower. Turning to other financing activities. We once again returned significant capital to our shareholders during the second quarter with our quarterly common stock dividend totaling $348 million or $0.95 per share, representing growth of 7% on a per-share basis as compared to the same period a year ago. We continue to believe that providing a portion of shareholder returns in the form of a growing dividend stream aligns well with our business, which is characterized by high-quality, long-term recurring cash flows. Turning now to Slide 13. We are increasing our full-year 2017 outlook at the midpoint for site rental revenues, adjusted EBITDA and AFFO by $29 million, $15 million and $6 million, respectively. As you can see on Slide 14, we have increased our outlook primarily to reflect the contribution of the recently closed acquisition of Wilcon. Wilcon is expected to contribute approximately $26 million to site rental revenues, $7 million to site rental cost of operations and approximately $5 million to general and administrative expenses. This contribution is expected to be partially offset by higher financing costs associated with the pre-funding of Wilcon acquisition for two months and an increase of approximately $5 million in interest expense in the normal course of business driven by higher LIBOR rates. Overall, we are encouraged by the increased pace of leasing we are experiencing on our towers this year. Although given where we are in the year, we do not anticipate the increased activity will meaningfully impact our 2017 results. As we look out further, we remain optimistic about the long runway of growth that remains in front of us as our carrier customers continue to densify their macro networks and deploy additional spectrum, including FirstNet and other spectrum from recent auctions, in order to meet the demand for mobile data and connectivity. To wrap up, we look forward to building on the strong results through the first half of the year as Crown Castle remains well-positioned to capitalize on the long-term growth trends and data consumption with our leading portfolio of critical wireless infrastructure assets. With that, operator, I would like to open the call to questions.
Daniel Schlanger: Yes. And Matt, it's Dan. I'll take the second question. I wouldn't necessarily say that the outperformance in services would be that – what would show that the activity levels are growing, but I would agree and like we said before, the leasing activity in that could be we are seeing on our tower business is better in 2017 than it was in 2016. And what we think that will lead to is just given the timing of everything, it won't really impact 2017, as I said in my remarks, but I do think that the deployment of that spectrum that we see is the increased leasing activity now plus the deployment of other spectrum, including FirstNet that will come, should lead to increasing activity and increasing leasing revenues in 2018.
Daniel Schlanger: And Amir, I'll just jump in there. I think we've been consistent as we talk about the fiber asset acquisitions that we've done, that what we're looking for is, as Jay pointed out earlier, deep, dense metro fiber that has opportunities for lots of small cells. And Lightower fits that bill very well, but if you look at the things that, that leaves out, we're not really interested in long haul fiber. We're not interested in fiber that doesn't have a lot of capacity. We're not interested in fiber outside of metro markets because what we have is the idea that we want to deploy small cells. And Lightower came, like Jay had mentioned, with that opportunity. And we would stick to that even after this digestion period, so we may take a little while here, but I don't think we're going to depart from that desire going forward.
Daniel Schlanger: And we are hearing from our carrier – just to jump in, Phil, sorry. We are hearing from the carrier customers that these markets are markets that are important for their small cell deployment. So it's not only what we already have in the pipeline. But as Jay said, how do we increase the size of the pie, and this really helps with that portion of it.
Daniel Schlanger: The leverage point Brett, yes like we said in the press release, we want to maintain our investment grade credit metrics. That's what's driving our thought process around how we're going to finance this deal and we are committed to doing so.
Daniel Schlanger: We're going to be working with the agencies, and we'll work through it. But we're committed to maintaining the investment grade credit ratings.
Daniel Schlanger: Well, like Jay mentioned, there's a couple thousand from Lightower. And then there – it wasn't exactly 20,000 and 25,000, and so everything rounded together to approximately 50,000.
Daniel Schlanger: Yes, Matt, I don't think we're going to get into giving 2018 guidance right now. We'll do that when we announce our third quarter earnings. But like I said before, we're pretty excited about the level of leasing activity and the acceleration we've seen in 2017. We do think that it will hit in 2018 and it'll show up in our guidance, but it's not something that we're going to get into now at this point.
Daniel Schlanger: Yes, the dark fiber is in the neighborhood of about one-third of the overall business mix in Lightower. But as Jay said, when – the distinction between dark and lit gets a little fuzzy because the lit can run a gamut, and what we're looking at within Lightower is that 80% to 85% of it is really on that infrastructure side and not on the service side. So even though only one-third of its dark, what we look at is really how much of it's – that passive "dumb pipe" infrastructure and that's the 80% to 85% that we think qualifies for our REIT inclusion.
Daniel Schlanger: Well, the average contract length like we said is four years. So what we see is a very attractive contract profile that we're acquiring, and we think that that's sustainable over time. One of the things that attracted us to this business was, as Jay pointed out, when we've been acquiring fiber assets that included fiber solutions businesses, we had a view of wanting to be in this infrastructure portion of the business, and that's exactly how the Lightower team has thought about it and managed the business over time. So we don't have a huge shift that we would have to make in that. In fact, we can use what they've done and export it to where our fiber sits, and we think that it will be very complementary that way. So we're just excited that the fit works so well for us.
Jay Brown: Thanks for the question. So high level, let me start with this. As we look at the assets that Lightower ran, and this is really consistent with all of the acquisitions that you've seen us do so far, whether it's FiberNet or Wilcon or Sunesys, we have looked at very specific characteristics around those assets, on dense fiber, dark fiber in metro markets where we believe there's a lot of opportunities for small cells to be deployed across that fiber. And the key aspect of it, which is reflected in the comments that we're making around the vast majority of the revenues, qualify as good REIT income, and we believe somewhere in the neighborhood of 80% to 85% of the assets in the revenue are good REIT income. The assets are, in essence, passive for us. So we are purely an infrastructure provider providing a pipe and therefore, it's good real estate income. That passive nature as an infrastructure provider of – in essence, owning the tollway if you will, or the railroad for the deployment of wireless networks, these assets that we're acquiring in Lightower have those same characteristics, and it's why they're so attractive to us. We find that over time, as we've looked at assets, the revenues tend to be stickier. They tend to be longer dated. And they tend to be very attractive for the deployment of small cells. With regards to your question around CapEx intensity and churn, et cetera. On the CapEx intensity side, generally, the payback for the deployment of capital, once you start to develop a market, the payback is in the neighborhood of two to three years on the capital that's been deployed. Historically, the business has seen churn in the neighborhood of about 9%, and the payback on the capital obviously, drives the continued investment. So as you think about the impact of churn and the allocation of capital towards those two things, while we would certainly underwrite it and Lightower has done a good job over time of putting that into the model and thinking about the deployment of capital against the overall characteristics, the stickiness of it, and then the provision of future services using that same fiber. From a backlog standpoint of small cells, they had about 2,000 small cells in the pipeline. It has not been a core portion of their business, although they have provided small cells in the past. Most of the carrier revenues that I spoke to, a big portion of that would be related to fiber to the cell. As we've talked about the architecture of the networks, historically, we believe that fiber to the cell becomes very important as hub sites are developed and small cells are developed in conjunction with the existing macro network. So again, another good indication of what we think is going to be upside from small cells.  And then lastly, your question around the three markets that I spoke to, which are the three largest markets that we've deployed small cells in thus far: Philadelphia, New York and L.A. The 11% return that we have on a recurring yield basis against the net capital invested, consider that a big chunk of that capital put in with the NextG acquisition that we acquired in the neighborhood of about a 2% to 3% yield on invested capital, and then the Sunesys acquisition would have been somewhere in the neighborhood of about a 6% to 7% yield on invested capital. So virtually all of the NextG initial yields would have been small cells along with virtually all of the growth to bring that capital up to an average of 11%, in Sunesys' case, it would have started at about 6% to 7%, and virtually all of the change since then would've been small cells. And then the capital that we put in on an organic basis would've been all done on small cells. So the vast majority of the growth and then the blend would've been coming from small cells. My best guess, although, I don't have the numbers sitting right here in front of me, would be in excess of two thirds of that return, total revenues would have been coming from small cells.
Jay Brown: Matt, on your first question, there will be some benefit from the acquisition that we did in terms of reducing the amount of capital that we would spend on the notes that we referenced last quarter that were the recently contracted notes during the first quarter of 2017. But I would encourage you more to think about this as increasing the size of the pie. As we look at the data and the systems that we have built, we have found the returns to be incredibly compelling. And as we think about the way for us to create shareholder value over time, there have been three tenets of our story that we have consistently come back to. One is to add additional revenue to the assets that we already own, two has been to lower our overall cost of capital and three has been to allocate capital to things that we think will grow our dividend over time. And as we have learned and studied and watched the investments that we have made, we have seen the investments we have made around fiber and small cells to deliver very compelling returns, and we're in the very early innings of carriers adopting and using small cells. So as we look for opportunities to continue to deploy capital around this, our intention is to grow the size of the pie because we find the returns to be so compelling. So while we will, I guess, at some level get the benefit of reducing the capital costs in these Northeast markets from the nodes that we already have, which would have – some portion of those would have been embedded in that $1.2 billion, the reality is we're talking about expanding the pie and looking to put more capital to work because the returns are so compelling. And over time, we believe that will provide additional value to the shareholders in the form of increasing our dividend and our dividend growth rate.
Jay Brown: Amir, I do believe that ultimately our small cell business could be as big as towers. That is driven primarily though by my view that the carriers are going to invest over a long period of time around their macro sites to densify their network. So I think we'll have two businesses growing, both the component of towers, which, as Dan spoke to, we've continued to see terrific demand for and increased demand in calendar year 2017 over what we saw in 2015 and 2016. So I think you'll see the carriers continue to invest in towers and then also make significant investments around small cells. Our appetite for additional investment in fiber, I think I'd say a couple of things on that front. One is, this is a large acquisition that's going to take us some time to digest. So we were out looking for the absolute best asset that we could. This does doubles our fiber footprint. It more than doubles the investment that we have placed to-date in fiber, and it's going to take us a little bit of time to digest the acquisition in terms of both integration and getting it up and running as we put small cells against it. So we may need a little bit of time as we digest. Broadly, though, the returns that we're seeing in this business, as I spoke to in one of my prior comments, is the investments that we're making today, we're making them not because we're trying to grow scale in the business, but because we think it provides value and return to our shareholders over time. And we believe our dividend five years, 10 years from now will be higher as a result of the acquisition that we're making today with Lightower than if we hadn't done it. And to the extent in the future we see opportunities that meet that test around the strategy that we've articulated, we'll absolutely be open to those. But they will come down to a test against whether or not we believe ultimately we'll be able to return that cash to shareholders at a higher rate than we otherwise would have.
Jay Brown: Sure. Amir, I think you're going to continue to see both. The carriers are going to self-perform some portion of their small cells. We believe we'll see other infrastructure providers outperform small cells for the carriers. We're certainly not underwriting this asset or any of the investments that we made, assuming that we're going to capture 100% of all future small cells that are deployed. So I think you'll see the carriers make comments around self-performing. I think those comments really are supportive of what is the opportunity around small cells and the necessity and essential nature of fiber to the deployment of wireless networks. But we also believe that the shared economic model is the lowest cost available to the wireless carriers. And we believe we have done – as well as we have done with small cells in the early innings of the deployment of small cells because it is the lowest cost provider. So the shared economic model in the same way that it's the lowest cost provisioning of infrastructure from a tower standpoint, we believe the same thing is true from fiber and small cell. So we believe that over time, we'll see a significant portion of the deployment of small cells on shared infrastructure in places where we think it will be shared and maybe other places where the carriers decide to self-perform because maybe there isn't a shared opportunity.
Jay Brown: Yes, so a couple things there. There is – in some of those notes that we had under contract, we will be helped to some degree. But as I mentioned earlier, this was about the pie just got a lot larger this morning. And so you probably won't be able to find the CapEx savings or a reduction in capital somewhere. It will help on some incremental basis, but really what's happening is we've availed ourselves of the opportunity of capturing even more small cells and the growth from revenue and cash flows associated with this fiber plan.
Jay Brown: You bet. So FirstNet, I believe at this point, five states have opted into FirstNet. FirstNet had a – has a requirement to submit a plan to each of the states by September 30 of this year. States then have the option to opt in or opt out by December 31 at the end of this year, calendar year 2017. And as I mentioned, I don't know if anybody announced this morning, we've been a little focused on our Lightower acquisition and earnings, but I believe that as of yesterday, there were five states that had opted in.
Jay Brown: If states choose to opt out, they have about six months to decide what their plan would be. So that's the basic lay of the land. From a geographic coverage standpoint, they have 12 – FirstNet has 12 months to demonstrate 20% geographic coverage, then they have to be at about 60% by 24 months and 80% by 36 months out. And then by month 48, I think they have to cover nearly 100% of the geography. So the opportunity here from a tower standpoint, we think is really significant as we go into calendar year 2018 and beyond. And whether the states are opting in or opting out, we think there'll be a meaningful amount of deployment for first responders.
Jay Brown: I don't want to get into any particular customer relationships or how we price. What I would tell you is if – whether a state was an opt-in or an opt-out state, those state – the deployment of that spectrum would require either an amendment or a new lease, depending on the nature of it on our sites. And we would expect in the first phase of the deployment of this, this will happen largely around macro sites. And depending on what ultimately the state decides to do, that could be a new lease on a site or an amendment to an existing site. But we do believe that in all cases, there will be additional revenue as a result of the deployment of the spectrum to provide the network for first responders.
Jay Brown: Yes, on the first question, we did not assume any cost synergies in the acquisition or in our underwrite model. We're not going to cut our way to growth. So our intention is to continue to grow the business and we're not assuming there aren't going to be any cost synergies there. We may around the edges, find some savings, but that was not how we underwrote the asset.
Jay Brown: I think, Colby, as we thought about the asset again, we thought about the growth of the asset and the quality of the platform there and the folks who are running that asset. And so our intention is to continue to grow and expand the opportunity. We may find there are some back office synergies maybe around cost of licenses or other things, but that certainly was not the intention. And we'll be smart operators of the business over time. And I think you can look at our tower business and see a business in terms of the number of assets where it's a stable number of assets and we've been very disciplined around the cost structure there, so to the extent that there are opportunities. We'll avail ourselves of those as any good manager would. But it was not our intention nor in our underwrite model around cost synergies. So I wouldn't expect that we'll see steps from – as a result of reduction of cost. On your second question, the reference we're making for the 25,000 is a reference back to what we reconciled everybody through in great detail around our pipeline at the end of the first quarter. Our pipeline actually grew during the second quarter. Given the amount of content and discussions we're having this morning, we didn't go into great detail around the way the pipeline grew, what happened to it. But the number of sites that we turned operational against the number of bookings actually increased the size of that pipeline. So I wouldn't expect that you will see a lull in the new bookings and new contracted nodes as we put against – as we built to operate and put on air the nodes that we did. The one thing I would mention and I think we talked about this pretty extensively in the first quarter. It was not normal growth that we saw towards the end of 2016 and into the first quarter of 2017. We saw that as a big stair step in the level of activity. So it's continuing to grow, but I certainly wouldn't want to imply. We saw another stair step like what we saw in the first quarter, but it did grow relative to the number of nodes that we put on air.
Jay Brown: I think we'll talk directionally about what's in the process and where we think the growth rates are because it's related to where our revenue expectations are. But we like to spend our time talking about what the impact is ultimately to our dividend and what the impact is to the growth rate there. So we're more likely to probably transition that conversation back to our historical approach of talking about revenue growth translated to cash flow growth translated to dividend growth and have a more wholesome conversation where we're balanced around the cost of the capital that we put into these systems and the cash flow return against those and then what that implies for dividend growth. I would imagine directionally though, we'll continue to talk about activity levels as we have historically and what we're seeing both on the tower side and then also on the small cell side.
Jay Brown: Sure. On the first question, yes, we have historically paid out about 75% of our AFFO in the form of a dividend, and that was our working assumption as we laid out this transaction and calculated the $0.15 to $0.20 of expected increase in the dividend related to Lightower. There are no notable differences in our calculation of AFFO or AFFO per share relative to the way we've handled it historically.
Jay Brown: When you look at their business, and we talk about small cells, as we've discussed, typically, there's about an 18-month to 24-month cycle from when we receive a small cell order to when we have it on air. So we're not assuming that we're bringing our small cell expertise to those assets in a way that would result in first year of ownership additional revenues from small cells. Obviously, we're going to continue to run that business, and they have a pipeline of revenues that we would continue to turn on air and get the cash flow benefit from. But the real revenue synergies, if you want to call it that and the upside from small cells and growth over time, that will be outside of the first year of ownership and really minimal impact in the first 12 months. So that's a longer-term benefit that we'll see and speaks to our comments around our expectation, we'll be able to increase our long-term growth rate by 100 basis points.
Jay Brown: Well, thanks everyone for joining us this morning. Obviously, as you've heard from our commentary, we believe that Lightower is a great acquisition that we think it’s going to generate significant value for our shareholders and positions us really well to serve customers by expanding our portfolio in some of the best markets in America. So I appreciate you joining this morning and we'll talk to you soon.
