W. Benjamin Moreland: No, Kevin. This is based on very real-time significant conversations we've had with all 3 of those parent companies around their decommissioning plans over time and as it would impact our business. I think in the disclosure, we indicated that about $260 million of revenue resides on our tower sites today, another 90 or so on the small cells. Small cells are unaffected. So it's upwards of close to 80% of our revenue on the tower side that we expect to be rationalized over time, and that's coming directly from conversations we've had, more than one, with ongoing conversations we've had over this last quarter and subsequent to the quarter where we feel like, in good faith, we had an obligation to sort of bring those forward and -- as real-time information and put that in our forward outlook. That could change. Sometimes it does change, but these are serious conversations, and the carriers have actually spoken publicly on numerous occasions about their opportunity to realize synergies around these networks, and you're seeing that here reflected in these numbers.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Sure. On the nonrenewal discussion, Dave, we don't take this casually. This is a material fact that we felt compelled to share with all of our shareholders, and we realize it is a material change in our long-term, sort of growth outlook, and it was for us too, as shareholders, I can assure you. We don't take it lightly, and these are based on -- more than conversations, these are based on significant, sort of indicated plans and planning that they have shared with us, including site-specific information, and that's the nature of the conversations we've had, and the seriousness with which we take it. I don't think it could be much worse than this, candidly, and it could be better, certainly, it could be, as carrier rationalization plans develop over time. But the point I would make on the "it could be better." I would caution everybody on that, because I would remind you that we continue to maintain a robust gross leasing outlook. So we are continuing to expect that we'll add upwards of $100 million or so across the tower footprint every year, which is a robust leasing environment that would encompass, certainly, these 3 parent companies continuing to invest aggressively in their networks going forward, post rationalization, or while they're rationalizing the legacy acquired networks. So I'd say the -- on the -- the ad [ph] side of that, on the gross side, we've got a very robust expectation for leasing that we're going to work very hard to accommodate and accomplish. On the Verizon tower transaction prospectively, I don't have anything specific to announce about that. Obviously, Verizon would speak for themselves about their desire to divest their towers, should that occur. As we would think about a need to raise equity going forward on an acquisition in general, we would, as I mentioned in my notes, we would look at any opportunity out there and view it as, certainly the need to cover its initial dividend and interest expense, and then certainly, have a very significant and disciplined expectation, that it adds to our ability to grow the dividend over time, or there's really no reason to pursue it, because we understand that the valuation of the firm going forward will be very much around the current dividend yield that the market will shake out and the expectation for future growth. We've given you a view today that the organic ability of the company is in the vicinity of 6% to 7% over the next 5 years. I would be quick to add that about 1/2 of that growth is already on the books today, in the form of the contracted escalators we have across our company today. So approximately 2/3 of the total return profile that we're suggesting to people is available on the existing asset portfolio today that we own. Approximately 2/3 of that total return profile is already on the books, and I think that's pretty compelling. And we have every opportunity to continue our legacy of growing assets and creating additional value, and we'll continue to pursue it that way.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Sure. That would suggest a continued level of growth in and about the $140 million to $150 million total, so an incremental $40 million to $50 million on the small cell side as well. That's a mixture of co-locations on existing systems, as well as investment at about this current level that we're seeing today with the retained AFFO, as Jay mentioned in his discussion, around our logic on what we are, in fact, retaining, where we're able to continue to invest in the small cell side, which are coming at attractive initial yields and provide great promise around total returns from co-location over time. So that suggests that, that would stay at about the current level.
W. Benjamin Moreland: The NOLs continue to have value for the company, and there's -- the remaining to be, I think maybe just shy of $2 billion by the end of this year, Jay, is that kind of where we think? We're burning them now, obviously, with the federal income tax net income, so just shy of $2 billion. When you work out, Ric, that math over the next sort of 5 years, it's not a huge driver of value for the firm, but it is interesting optionality that we will retain now, by not essentially consuming very much of those NOLs going forward. And so we will continue to have that. It provides some flexibility for us on potentially an asset sale one day, where we would shelter a gain, but it's not a significant driver to the overall value of the stock, and it was one that we were willing to sort of move to the back burner in terms of order of priority, based on what we thought was the appropriate need or desire to have shareholders participate in this recurring and growing cash flow stream as we've outlined.
W. Benjamin Moreland: I haven't changed my view, and that's a great question. We have, as we mentioned when we acquired those portfolios, we had underwritten approximately 1 additional tenant per tower over 10 years, and we're tracking at that level. But you're right to point out that, that's based, because there's not a lot of existing tenancy, a lot of that has to be based on future co-location. We expect that'll happen. In fact, we think there's a very strong thesis in the -- that we should have ultimately based on network demands, have essentially every -- all 4 tenants on every one of our sites over time. We don't underwrite it that way. We don't put that in our guidance. That's not in the 6% to 7%, but if you think about the legacy portfolio, how do you get to $95,000 of revenue per tower on the legacy sites after 12 to 14 years of marketing them? You get there by continuing to add tenancy and subsequent amendment activity over time, well beyond maybe your initial underwriting. That sort of falls in the category of the upside will take care of itself, and so we don't put that into the model or into the discussion very often, but we don't have any diminished view of that lease-up over time. Jay, did you want to...
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes, it could, and right now -- as we've said on prior calls, the most active co-locator in the industry today, by a large margin is Verizon, and I think that's been well documented. Other carriers, the other 3, are very aggressively still building LTE capacity into their network, as well as beginning to show signs of hope, happily from our perspective, of adding new sites. We're seeing that occur in all 3 of the carriers, where they're coming back and looking at capacity infill sites, which would be new co-locations and they talked about it in public settings recently. Verizon for 2014 is the most active, but we would expect over time the other 3 to return to co-location in a very aggressive way as they're adding capacity density in these networks, which are required over time as they continue to add data services.
W. Benjamin Moreland: In terms of the -- where we establish the payout, Brett, we really started with the notion of, what do we need to retain to accomplish the organic growth expectations that we have on the existing assets that we currently own, and that includes the current level of spend on the very productive investment we're making in small cells. So we really started with that as an opening premise, and we didn't put ourselves in a lot of risk on requiring us to raise outside capital to accomplish those growth expectations on an organic basis. I think that's a very prudent and thoughtful approach, and the rest, 75%, will now be in the current dividend. Going forward, there's a couple of things that we can think about in the future that could impact or make us reevaluate that payout, and this is pure speculation, because we're just starting out. But as we achieve an investment grade rating, and by definition, you would have more access to capital through good markets and bad, at even less cost than we're currently paying, I think that would heighten our confidence level in reliance on the capital markets to fund some of these activities. So over time, we could consider and evaluate whether or not it made sense to raise the payout. No commitment here on my part, but that's something that would be reasonable to assume that we could evaluate, once we have more -- once we have more certainty around access to capital. We were certainly not willing to put ourselves in a position where we thought we were risking the growth opportunity, accomplishing the growth opportunity in the company by needing to access outside capital to make the assets perform. I think that would be irresponsible on our part here, Day 1. Over time, as the market becomes -- as the shareholder base becomes, I think, more accustomed and more used to underwriting the sustainability of the dividend in this wonderful business we're in, I think that will -- it'll be something that we'll continue to evaluate along with the investment-grade rating.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Colby, on the second question, I would point you to Slide 13 of the presentation that we showed. We're showing that -- on a new leasing activity basis, we're assuming, in 2014, approximately $125 million of new leasing activity, and for 2015, we're assuming $145 million. So there's an actual pickup there of 15 to -- about 15% or so higher leasing activity in '15 than there is in 2014. That, obviously, on a percentage basis though, off of a larger base, is going to be a lower percentage. So if you're looking at percentages, it's going to be lower. On the escalator provision, the primary driver for that is in the legacy portfolio, as you're aware, we signed a number of MLAs that had higher escalation provision. It's how we accounted for the opportunity for these tenants to make additional amendments on the sites, and so the escalators on those would be higher than the 2 acquired portfolios. And as we roll in the AT&T portfolio into the organic year-over-year comparison, that escalator on a percentage basis, is going to come down by just a touch there. So that's the primary thing there, but I think on an activity basis, we're expecting slightly, slightly more. On the first question around the timing of terminations, we're not embedding into this, into our guidance, any expectation that the tenants are going to be paying us early termination fees. We're assuming that they live by the contractual obligations that they have, and that the terms of the agreement hold up. If, as we go along, you've heard us talk about the pay and walk fees that we had associated with Sprint as they were decommissioning their iDEN networks, there may be some of that over time. They'll have an obligation, either to make the site back to the condition that it was prior to the equipment was installed, or we would be happy to perform that service for them. We're not forecasting that in our outlook, but that would end up running through our services business, and not through site rental revenues. We typically think of that as one-time work, and put that in site rental revenue -- and put that in services instead of in site rental revenue, so. But we haven't embedded any of that in our forecast, over time.
W. Benjamin Moreland: And be happy to do that, to the extent there's opportunities that, just like an acquisition, as Jay said, just like -- assuming the opportunity covered the cost, we're not going to be too hard on that, the whole point of not borrowing. We've got balance sheet capacity, and we'd be prepared to use it. What I wanted to do in sizing the dividend is not put ourselves in a position where we had to do that, just to capture the existing opportunity on our current sites. And so that's what Jay was saying, at the current spend level, we're covered. But to the extent the opportunity was there, and warranted it, we'd be happy to continue to access capital and borrow some, just to cover that over time.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Amir, I would say about that, as I was making a comment about the ebbs and flows that we'd see in the business, typically, and I would encourage you to look at this relative to the comments that the carriers are making around the CapEx and their spend in the networks, there is a natural ebb and flow that happens between the spending they make for amendments and the spending they do for new leases. Our experience has been, the dollars and the spend on the networks is relatively similar year-over-year. The allocation of where those dollars goes tends to change. And so to the extent that you were to assume there was meaningfully more new co-locations being put out, is there a possibility that, that could mean more revenue to us? Absolutely. It could also mean that the 35% of our current activity that is amendments, that number may go down, and may offset some of the increase that we see with new co-location. So as we think about the business, we tend to think about it more on a -- over a long period of time, how much revenue per tower can we add, and that 0.1 is adding about $2,400 per tower of new revenues. And we have a belief that over time, that will be a mix of new leases and amendments. And our experience has been that, that will change from year to year, but sort of results in something that looks similar to that 0.1 tenants per tower.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Amir, this is Ben. We think that's a tremendous opportunity and one that we are actively working on capturing for Crown Castle. We have a very large and growing pipeline of network opportunities to be built, as well as co-location, and I do agree with you, and it's certainly our investment thesis that we will see the other 3 carriers adopt that architecture in a very meaningful way over time, based upon the capacity requirements of their systems and the locations of where we're building these networks. That has happened over time, various carriers and we still have -- we have a significant amount of exposure and revenue. As we said earlier, Metro PCS, for example, now under T-Mobile, all of those leases are -- have been affirmed and don't expect those to churn, which is, I think, an interesting indication of the value of the small cell networks going forward, in that these are very vital to adding capacity and densification and are not subject, at least, thus far, to the rationalization that we've seen on the tower side.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Tim, in terms of specific yield, we'll let the market sort that out and tell us over time. I would offer the following observation though. We're currently trading this initial yield as of last night, and that's about a 4% yield. That would put us above the REIT composite by a significant margin, and I like my new REIT colleagues, but I wouldn't trade places with their business models. And so when I look at our opportunity for stability and growth, as the mission-critical infrastructure provider in the U.S. market, I think that's a fabulous business model, and as we've said a couple of times on this call and I'll repeat, the fact that we got built-in growth on top of that dividend, I think is clearly unique, and the market will sort out what the appropriate dividend yield is over time and the total return expectation, but we'll certainly be out working to help them understand the resiliency and the sustainability of this business through lots of different macroeconomic cycles where, back since we went public initially, we've outperformed the S&P 500 by sort of 4x, and that's right through all of the different cycles that we've experienced since that time. In terms of your last question on the churn, what's different this time, I think it is a little bit different this time. As you go forward, there is rationalization that can occur in these networks, particularly around overlap sites, plus a little more, which is what we're forecasting. And yet at the same time, we're seeing continued new cell site density added, which is forecasted in our revenue growth, as we've talked about. So I think we've probably accurately captured it. You could say, well, leasing may be a little lower if they're actually just repurposing some of the cell sites, that's true. But on a net basis, I think it probably comes out about where we've said. So we'll have to wait and see how that develops over time, but I think it is a little bit different, particularly in that we have 3 happening here in fairly -- much on top of each other.
W. Benjamin Moreland: I wouldn't put the majority on any one of those tenants. The ranges that we provided, we intentionally didn't go customer by customer on the ranges. It gives us that a little bit of flexibility as it shakes out over the next several years, as those 3 operators decommission their networks. We would expect it to move to some degree, which is why we tried to ban the exposure. As you noted, when those announcements were made, we indicated the overlap sites was in the neighborhood of about $145 million of sites that were overlapped. So the incremental amount of roughly $55 million of additional churn exposure that we believe we have, those would be on sites where they're not necessarily -- where they're not overlapping with the acquired network. And my comments to the prior question around spectral efficiency, I think probably best answer the why there. In the disclosure that we had previously given, we gave the average term outstanding for the leases. And so as we kind of work through that, obviously, you can see that average basically work itself out as we've shown over the longer period of time what our exposure is to those 3 networks.
W. Benjamin Moreland: I don't know where to start with that. I didn't catch the, if you spend to increase the leasing, boy, if it was that simple, we would have done it 15 years ago. There's no discretionary spend on our part, that is inhibiting the leasing of the carrier towers or all the towers that we own today. So it's -- we're actively out pursuing every one of those opportunities and that's what's resident in the $100 million of revenue growth that we're seeing today, Michael. So the dividend again, how we sized it, was essentially to retain the capital to pursue the organic opportunities that we see today. The international opportunities that are out there, we'll continue to evaluate them, as I've said on these calls many times, against the appropriate sort of risk-adjusted rate of return we think, and -- is appropriate against the asset prices that are out there. In so doing, you have to look at what local borrowing costs are, what exposure to FX would potentially do and all the other factors that would involve an evaluation such as that. Thus far, in our judgment, the investments we've made in the U.S. have a higher risk-adjusted return profile opportunity, but we'll let that sort itself out over time.
W. Benjamin Moreland: Yes, no. That we -- I can assure you, we're capturing every one of those incremental revenue opportunities. That's our core business, and what most everybody that works here is focused on every day. But just to be complete, the competing thought that we had lots of discussion with shareholders and we've engaged in this in a very productive way before, would be to take the $1.1 billion of dividends we're now going to pay out and buy shares with it, retain the flexibility until the NOL has burned off, and buy shares opportunistically with it. Potentially, like on a day like today, when we announced that there's $200 million of churn coming. So we specifically rejected that. We understand how that drives, on a per share basis, higher growth in the short term, but we think long term, the right approach was to demonstrate the sustainability through the quarterly return of a material part of this cash flow to shareholders and have a very significant component of their total return be made up by the current distribution plus the contracted escalator growth and then the opportunity that we see to continue to add organic and external growth in the business. But that would have been the competing agenda, and one we respect and one we've executed very successfully. In the past, we've bought $2.7 billion worth of stock over time, but the course we've set for the reasons that I mentioned in my notes at the beginning of this call, we think is the best long-term approach for the company.
W. Benjamin Moreland: I think if you asked us today, as we mentioned are performing in line with our underwriting model. We took a 10-year view on those models, and they're performing right at about the average that we expected over 10 years, and out of the gate are right there, so we're not anticipating, or frankly, do we need to anticipate an acceleration of activity in order to get to our returns. So our game plan is to continue to run the asset as we've been doing out of the gate, and that will provide a terrific return. But it's early days. And as I mentioned earlier on this call, the primary co-locator in this market has been Verizon, since we've owned these 2 new portfolios and so as we would expect and certainly, as we underwrote, we will return to a period of time, I think we're already been beginning to see it, where the other 3 are going to need to infill their networks with increased density, where these portfolios will certainly be available for them to do that. So that's part of our underwriting thesis.
W. Benjamin Moreland: And part of our analysis that we reflected on earlier in the call was that in order to get -- and it's been a long-held view we've had, in order to get the maximum appreciation and value out of this dividend stream that we're now undertaking, an investment-grade rating is probably the right way to accomplish that over time. As Jay says, we don't expect to do anything unnatural to get there, but I think we'll get there over time through continued growth, and I think that's the right way to think about the business.
W. Benjamin Moreland: I think with that, we'll wrap up. We've gone long this morning, and I appreciate those that have stuck with us here. We wanted to make sure we captured all of your questions. We are very excited about our future prospects, and today, I think, is a very important day for Crown Castle as we've now proceeded with it. What I think is an unprecedented and unique opportunity for shareholders to invest in the U.S. wireless business with us, an infrastructure that will carry a very significant and growing current return, and we are very pleased with how we're positioned. So thank you for your attention this morning, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Jay A. Brown: Ric, you can see in the numbers when I was talking, in my comments about how the T-Mobile portfolio and, the follow on to that is AT&T, how they've performed, adding about 0.1 tenants is right about 7%, which is right where the portfolio is performing. So as you get into the law of large numbers, obviously, on a percentage basis, that'll come down, but it's tracking right in line with what we expected. And on the T-Mobile and AT&T assets, we continue to believe that co-locations are going to be the biggest driver of that revenue growth. I think for the quarter, we were in the ballpark of about 65% of our leasing activity, were co-locations from new leases and about 35% were from amendments to existing leases.
Jay A. Brown: Ric, I think one other way to speak about the portfolio, and certainly it went into our thinking as we looked at the T-Mobile and the AT&T assets, was the diversity that we thought it brought to the company in addition to the growth. So the legacy assets, 24,000 assets, obviously those are heavily, more heavily weighted towards amendments to existing leases. The new assets that we bought are more heavily weighted towards a belief around co-locations of new tenants. So our experiences have been, over a long period of time, that there are ebbs and flows, where carriers allocate capital towards one activity or another, whether it's new leases or amendments, and we feel great about the portfolio that we have. And as we talk about our longer-term forecast, we might see that move one way or another, and maybe that means for some period of time, either the legacy portfolios, or the more recently acquired portfolios benefit from the whatever stage in the cycle the carriers are in, but we like the diversity that we have in the mix, so that we think we'll do well in both cycles.
Jay A. Brown: Yes, the second part of that of where would we reach from an NOL standpoint, we have long believed that where we would end up is somewhere between 70% and 80%. So basically, our starting point is paying out effectively all of the taxable income. I don't believe, from an NOL standpoint, we're going to get ourselves in a place where the dividend payout would be driven based on a need to pay out a higher percentage. I think it's more likely that Ben probably wants -- may speak more to the rationality laid out in his prepared remarks. But, it's more likely we have a strategic conversation about that, rather than being driven by taxable income
Jay A. Brown: Based on their contractual rights, that's how we've done it. So they're -- it's their -- let me just roll the clock back, and make sure I give you a wholesome answer and one way to think about this. When Sprint was looking at decommissioning their iDEN network years ago, they ended up coming back and doing short-term lease extensions on some of their sites in order to -- because they weren't quite ready to decommission sites at a particular date and time. What we have provided for you is what we believe, based on what those 3 carriers have told us about when they're going to decommission sites and the amounts of those, we provided that information to you. That's our expectation of the $200 million. That aligns with their contractual rights under the tenant leases that they have with us. If they were to come back and extend that timeline or facts change, then I think we would be open to having a conversation, and we'll update you as those conversations proceed, but what we've given you is a combination of their contractual rights and obligations against what they've told us about the decommissioning of the site.
Jay A. Brown: So we sized it, as Ben mentioned. If you look at what we spent in the third quarter for land purchases and the construction of new sites, that's effectively 25% of AFFO. The balance of the CapEx that we have is basically reimbursed by the tenants as they go on the site. It's spending on CapEx on existing sites, and that's basically reimbursed. So at the current spending level, using Q3 as the measure of that. At the current spending level, we can cover that CapEx with the 25% of AFFO. Frankly, that's one of the primary ways that we size the dividend at 75%.
Jay A. Brown: Yes, well I think it's -- to the extent that we grew the business and we started to say we wanted to invest more in small cells, well that's a discrete investment, similar to the way we would think about an acquisition and we'd need to go through that math. I think the other, as we think about a more normal CapEx that we would spend in the business as we add additional tenants for the sites, that CapEx is absolutely reimbursed by the tenant.
Jay A. Brown: Yes, on the first question, the AT&T transaction would have met that, and we believe that would be accretive to the dividend over time. We wouldn't have done the transaction if we didn't believe the dividend was going to be higher. As Ben mentioned on the investment banker views that we got, we engaged and asked several firms to give us their views, those views were ranging, in terms of what they -- how they thought the market would react to the news as well as their opinion on what the best approach was. I think that there was a whole variety of views there, and as we looked at the information and consider both the feedback from shareholders as well as the information that we generated and analysis we did on our own, our belief was that increasing the dividend to about 75% of AFFO was the best outcome for us over a long period of time. And so there were a number of views there, as Ben mentioned in his comments, but we thought it was the best approach.
Jay A. Brown: There seems to be in the comments, and at least what they're indicating to us is their plans around their networks, more of a focus on spectral efficiency than what there's been in past consolidations. And so that's likely the reason why we're seeing more than the overlap sites go away. T-Mobile's comments publicly about the Metro sites. I think Metro has about 12,000 macro sites. T-Mobile has indicated that 10,000 of those 12,000 are going to go away, and their description, along with the other's descriptions is largely around, reharvesting and reusing that spectrum in a more efficient way by taking down greater portions of the network than what we've seen in past consolidations.
Jay A. Brown: Yes. Quarter-to-quarter, they're a bit challenging to do. I would tell you typically in the back half of the years, we see more activity than in the front half. So I would encourage you to look at things more on a holistic, full year over full year basis. We're forecasting, as we've mentioned a couple of times on this call, full year '15 to look pretty similar to full year '14. Well up about a little bit higher.
Jay A. Brown: Honestly, it's the decision of the rating agencies as to where they place our ratings on the credit facilities, and the conversations we've been having with them over several years is the same conversation we've had on this call this morning, and have for a long period of time, around the risk profile of the assets, the stability of the cash flows and where that should be rated. I think relative, if we compare ourselves to other real estate businesses, we feel like our credit statistics are very favorable, and the rating agencies over time have embraced that view, and we have seen them gradually increase the ratings and increase the appetite for leverage on these businesses, which we think is appropriate. We don't anticipate, and you've correctly pointed out, we don't anticipate taking a significant portion of our cash and paying down debt, but we do expect the business to continue to grow, and so we'll achieve deleveraging of the business just through natural growth and EBITDA, rather than the pay-down of debt. And we certainly, on the call this morning, wanted to make the comment and the statement that as we think about our dividend payout, increasing the dividend payout meaningfully, we think, as an important component of that is to stay on this path that we've been on towards achieving an investment-grade credit rating, and that's certainly our intention and plan at this point.
Jay A. Brown: No, I don't think it set us back. I think the communication we're having with them on this is similar to what we said on this call, that we intend to continue on the path towards an investment grade credit rating and deleveraging, as we see growth in EBITDA, and so that's sort of the plan.
Jay A. Brown: Yes. I think all of those comments still hold. If we were to take leverage up, that would be -- well start if we were to do the transaction, we would have to believe that's accretive to the dividend and to AFFO per share over a long period of time. And we'd expect that, that would be the case, frankly, in both the short and the long term. The second part of it, around how we would finance it, I think we would still be open to taking leverage up to the high end of our targeted level of leverage range, maybe slightly above it. However, the only way we would be interested in doing that is if we had a plan to quickly delever back down to where we've been aiming towards to -- in your prior questions, around an investment-grade credit rating. So I think if -- we would be open to doing that. We think the Verizon towers could represent a very unique opportunity in the U.S. market. There are not, we don't believe, very many U.S. assets left of any substantial size. So if that were to happen, we think that's, in a sense, a bit of an anomaly and a really unique opportunity. So if it were there, we'd have to consider the appropriate way to finance it, and I think on the table, in those conversations, would certainly be a thought around leverage.
Colby Synesael: Great, two questions, if I may. First off, just as it relates to the timing of the terminations, I'm just curious if the Metro PCS, the Leaps, and Clearwire, if this is happening early, in other words, if they're going to be paying you some form of payment to end the contracts earlier than they otherwise would, similar to what we're seeing with iDEN, where I think they're paying you, call it, $12,000 a tower to do so, or if they're actually waiting for their contracts to expire and that's why we're seeing it roll off, I guess, over the next 4 years. And then my second question had to do with just your guidance specific to 2015. When I look at new leasing activity in escalators specifically, in both situations, for 2015 when compared to what your guidance currently is for 2014, you're assuming slower growth, and I'm just trying to understand what might be the reason for that.
Colby Synesael: Yes, well, just specifically, you're looking for 5.1% new leasing activity versus 5.5% in 2014, and for escalators, you're assuming escalators are 3.3% versus this year, 3.6%.
Colby Synesael: So right now, the turndown of the sites is actually aligned with when the contracts [indiscernible] .
