Jay Brown: Sure. Good morning, Simon. On your first question around leasing activity, the tower guide for 2024 assumes a similar level of activity to what we've seen in the second-half of 2023, so underlying our view is, basically, a consistent level of activity as the surge, the initial activity from 5G came to an end during the first-half of the year. We saw the level of activity stabilize, and we think that carries into calendar year '24. I think we have good visibility around that. Much of the work, given the nature of the business, we go into the year with a significant portion of that revenue already contracted, and we have good visibility as to when we think it will actually come online. So, I would characterize our visibility from a reported results standpoint, pretty similar to what we've seen historically. And feel like that level of activity is sustainable over the long-term as the carriers continue to upgrade the sites that they're already on with 5G equipment and as well as densify the network using towers that they're not currently on. As I noted in my comments, we think that we will see and have seen a shift and a focus from the carriers as they start to use small cells to a greater degree to densify their network. So, our view is based on a pretty holistic view of the way the carriers are thinking about their networks as we wrap up 2023, and get into 2024, and feel good about the organic growth that we're showing in both segments there related to the wireless carriers. On the second question on the leverage trend, as Dan mentioned in his comments, obviously with some of the headwinds that we talked about in our comment, it's going to cause to leverage to tick up a bit. That's happened in the past, and we would expect, over time, that we'll see good growth in the business that will allow us to de-lever back down and get back at levels that -- or where our target would be. So, the headwinds will create some uplift around that leverage ratio. And then, we think, over time, we'll be able to bring it back down in line. On the last part of your question around ways to manage the business, and M&A, and other things, I don't think there's anything specific that I would comment on. But just generally the way we think about running our business, is there are three ways that we view we can create long-term shareholder value. The first way is to add additional revenue to the assets that we own. That organic growth comes at great incremental return. And the second way is we can invest in more assets that would extend -- we believe would extend the runway of growth into the future. And then, the third way is to lower the cost of capital. We think all three of those are ways of driving long-term shareholder value. And we are constantly working on all three of those. What's unique about the current environment that we're in is that, often times in periods of disruption, more opportunities arise. And I made reference to that in terms of the capital costs of our customers can create opportunities for us to invest capital that can drive returns over the long-term. That also happens sometimes around the way assets are priced. And so, us being really thoughtful about how we can create value on those three fronts. And we are always looking at those opportunities. And I would say, in periods of disruption, our experience has been that, often times, there are some pretty unique opportunities that arise. And so, we'll continue to work on all three, growing the revenues on the existing assets, looking for opportunities for new assets, and then trying to find ways to lower our cost of capital.
Jay Brown: Sure. On the first question, around returns of small cells, we continue to see really attractive returns in our small cell business. And the amount of co-location that we're seeing, both in 2023 and 2024, and the economics of those incremental adds well in excess of 20% is encouraging. As we have seen systems develop, we continue to be initial returns going to that second tenant, we get into the low double-digit returns. And as we get to the third tenant, we're high teens, low-20% from a systems standpoint. Given the quantity of nodes that I talked about in my comments, both that we're seeing in 2023 as well as when we go into '24, and half of those nodes being co-location, we're seeing the multi-tenant systems track those expected returns. And so, feel really good about where they will start going. As we think about pricing, we have always priced the business based -- focused on returns. So, there's not a -- unlike towers where there's more of a national pricing across assets, small cells is different. So, small cells is priced based on the required returns based on the cost to build systems. And so, in areas where the costs are higher, the pricing follows. And that has had some uplift in it as a result of some of the inflationary pressures that have been in the environment. And so, that does affect the pricing, and we're able to lift pricing associated with that in order to maintain and grow the returns associated with the system. And so, we've seen the business develop as we would have expected. On the second question around non-core assets and potential size there, I don't think we have a lot of non-core assets inside the portfolio of assets. But one of the things that I would say is that the ground leases, you specifically referenced ground leases. We have, over time, brought a significant portion of ground leases on balance sheet by acquiring the ground leases. We also extend ground leases for very long periods of time. We're now north of 30 years of duration in our ground lease portfolio. And so, we have the opportunity, obviously, to go out and push ground leases, in terms of duration, for over very long periods of time. And we may choose to do that off balance sheet or on balance sheet. So, I would put that in the category of that could be an opportunity for us to lower the cost of capital depending on how we think about it. In order to run the business efficiently, the key is do we have control both in terms of the cost of that activity and then do we have control in terms of certainty of being able to maintain the assets and add additional revenues? So the financing decision really just comes down to what's the lowest cost of capital and we're always looking for opportunities to try to figure out the way to achieve that lowest cost of capital across the asset.
Jay Brown: Good morning, Nick. Obviously, the move downward in the stock price and the yield associated with it while we've maintained a long-term view that we'll return after we get through 2025 that we'll be able to return to growing organic growth in line with our targets. Obviously, that becomes a more attractive investment at lower prices. As I mentioned in my comments, what's also true is there's a growing, we believe growing demand and focus by our carrier customers for the assets around small cells. And so, it absolutely affects the way we think about the incremental projects that we take on because we're always thinking about things as what is the opportunity cost or the potential opportunity returns that we could pursue by choosing one path over another path. And our consistent approach has been over a long period of time to do that, to compare things like repurchasing shares or investing in assets. So, as the stock price has moved, it does suggest how we think about opportunities and it will continue to do so.
Jay Brown: I don't think you're overthinking it. We are constantly looking at ways to run our business more efficiently. And so, as we have come off of the peak of 5G activity, one of the things that we looked at as we were evaluating what's the right sizing of the organization, one of the things that we thought was necessary was to reduce the number of employees in the business, which we did that in the July and completed that work over the last several months. The second part of it is, how can we run the business more efficiently in terms of our processes and business operations? And so the view that we took on that front is that by centralizing things, we can reduce long-term costs of operating our business and we can get to the place where we can deliver for our customers more quickly and more efficiently. So, improving the customer experience, which we believe will do both reducing our long-term costs of operating the assets, but also give us an opportunity to potentially increase the revenue that we can deliver for customers by delivering for them more quickly. I think that's just the way you should always be running the business, is looking for ways to reduce the costs, run it more efficiently. And as we've looked at the activity that we believe will occur for the business over the long-term, we believe this reformatted business will be the best way to run the business, both from a cost standpoint and then give us opportunity for additional revenues over time.
Jay Brown: Well, I wouldn't say there's never, there is ever a place where there isn't the opportunity for a hiccup. So, we've got to be disciplined operators of the assets and run the business thoughtfully. And we intend to do that. I have a great deal of confidence in our team and our ability to do that. The restructuring plan that we announced in the press release yesterday affects about 25% of our employees. And so, I'm confident that the plans that we have in place to work through that, they'll do well. The 80% that are unaffected, I believe today are hard at work and doing what you would expect in terms of delivering on the business. So, it's something we've got to watch and certainly manage and we have a plan internally to do that.
Jay Brown: Yes, Jon, I'll take the first one on the ATM. Yes, it means that we're not going to be issuing equity even under the ATM. Beyond 2025, I would look at the business and say based on the characteristics that we see for organic revenue growth and our long-term forecast for where we think the carriers are going to invest to continue to build out 5G, which is going to take the better part of the decade we expect, we see organic growth in AFFO returning to that targeted level of 7% to 8%. And so, feel good about the underlying demand drivers of how we're going to get there. And then, as we get closer to that date, we can talk more specifically about what we think the growth rate will be in 2026. But the underlying demand drivers, and as we look at it today, look to be healthy and intact, and we think those are sustainable, and as we get through these headwinds over 2024 and 2025, that we'll get back to a targeted level of growth in our AFFO.
Jay Brown: Sure. Two big trends that are affecting that, as we've gone through the calendar year and moved past the churn events that we've been talking about. We've seen the net growth come back in line with where we expected to get, we still think we're going to exit this year at about 3%. You could see in our guide for next year that we're on pace to get, we believe we will be on pace to get to next year's level of growth by the time we exit this year. The two trends that we're seeing is both an uplift on the core leasing side. So, we're seeing more activity from both new logos and an opportunity to continue to sell to the logos that we're already selling to. We also see a reduction in churn. Our team has undertaken a number of really thoughtful activities over the last couple of years that are starting to bear fruit, and that results in a reduction in churn. And so both on the top as well as the reduction in churn is leading to that 3% growth that we see next year. The more macro drivers of that business are healthy as data demand, not only for wireless, which we've talked a lot about on this call, but also for connectivity on a wire line basis, those growth drivers continue to be healthy. The movement of enterprises towards moving data to the cloud and off-premises continues to create opportunities for that business. We think those trends are intact, especially for the customer base that we serve. Our fiber business primarily serves large enterprises. We have very little exposure to medium and small businesses, and we don't do anything direct-to-consumer. On the large enterprise side, we see those trends towards off-premises and movement to the cloud to be sustainable drivers that are going to drive growth for a long period of time. And we're continuing to be thoughtful about how can we make those revenue streams more sticky.
Jay Brown: Yes, Ric, obviously, we're setting the dividend policy for 2024. So, I don't want to get ahead of ourselves and start talking about '25. But philosophically, the reason why we're referencing the low point is to help give you a view of this multi-year work through that we've got with the consolidation of Sprint and some of the headwinds that we've been facing. As you kind of referenced and walked through the math there of the gap, in essence what we're saying is we expect that gap to be smaller in 2025 than it is in 2024. So, historically, as we've looked at the business, what we've done is sized up the cash flow generation of the business and we've paid out to shareholders in the form of the dividend, the cash generated by the business in any given year. That's how we've set our dividend. As we got into this period of time, which we believe is an anomaly in the business, the consolidation of the carriers and work through the headwinds associated with more of the macroeconomic changes, what we tried to do was look through those specific events that we were seeing on the horizon and look out beyond those events and try to figure out where do we think the cash flow generation of the business would be as the business normalized. As we look through that, our view was it made sense to maintain the dividend in 2024. The gap will be the widest between that dividend payout and the generation of cash in the business in the first-half of 2024. And then, it will close as we go to the second-half of 2024 and then into '25 and get beyond that. And we believe we'll return to a growth period of time once we get past 2025. So, we're in essence looking through these movements in these events and try to set the dividend at a level that we could maintain in '24. The gap between the current level of dividend and the cash generation will be smaller in '25 and then we'll return to growth, we believe, in 2026.
Jay Brown: On the 5,000, there's a little bit of movement. Most of those have come out at this point, which is why you saw our total nodes and contracted nodes come down from 120,000 to 115,000. That's reflective of the churn. So, most of those have worked their way through. The number for 2024 when we talk about 14,000 gross and net are the same. So, we don't expect any meaningful churn in 2024 of small cell nodes. So, there's no offset there that you need to be made aware of.
Jay Brown: Good morning, Dave. On your first question, the changes that we made in terms of reduction of staffing happened almost exclusively on the tower side. And what we were adjusting the internal costs related to were both in the services business on the tower side as well as on the tower operating side. And those were adjusted based on the volume of activity that we saw for tower leasing and the movement from those peaks of 5G down to the levels that we provided both -- we think we're going to deliver both in the second-half of '23 and then as we go into 2024. As we think about resources on the small cell side, we believe our team and the growth in both use of technology and refining some of the processes and making ourselves more successful at navigating through municipalities, which I talked about in some of my comments, I don't see a significant need for us to add additional resources to our fiber segment as we tackle this significant increase in the amount of nodes. Our team has been preparing for this. And one of the benefits of the long lead time that we have in that business is we can be really thoughtful about making sure we plan the work and engage the work and as well as looking for ways to do it more efficiently. The team has done a really good job of that. So, the job shrinkage and the reduction of cost has really not come from that segment of the business. And I believe we're prepared to deliver the growth that we're talking about without material changes to the cost structure on the upward side. On your second question around the discretionary CapEx, it's hard to give you a really long-term forecast about that because we haven't paired that with what we think the demand is going to be in the amount of activity. At a given level of activity that's similar to what we're doing in 2024, I would say, yes, we would expect the CapEx to be in and around that level if that's the level of activity that we're operating with. We're continuing to see the business move and navigate towards a greater percentage of colocation nodes. Those returns, as I mentioned to an earlier question, have come in at levels that we would expect -- we expected them to come in at. So, we're seeing the multi-tenant model, multi-tenant systems deliver returns that were in line with expectations. And then, as we go out a long way, our view is generally that the carriers are going to need more small cells than what they're currently taking today as they densify the 5G network. And we believe that densification will continue as consumers use the network to an even greater degree. So the total addressable market and the need for small cells, we believe will have upward trends on it. And as those upward trends come, I think it creates the opportunity for us to put investment opportunities back through that rigorous process that I talked about in my comments around do these investments in those -- in particular markets that may have opportunity in them, do they make sense for us relative to other alternatives? And we'll just have to see how that unfolds to see whether it makes sense for us to pursue those or not.
Jay Brown: Greg, on your second question around the returns, small cells have been historically continue to be, in our view, would be -- will continue to be initially and with the first colocated tenant and the second colocated tenant on a particular system actually better than what we've seen historically from towers. When we put capital into the ground for small cells, we are at about double the initial yield on invested capital to what we are with towers. Whether those towers were acquired historically or built, our initial returns are more than double what a tower is. When we get to the second tenant on a small cell system, we're in the low double-digit range. Generally, with towers in order to get to those kind of yields, as you can see in the supplement, we're well over two tenants in order to get to low double-digit yields on invested capital. And then, when we get to a third tenant on a system, we're high teens, low 20% yields. You could see some of that in the disclosure that we gave last quarter around some markets that we've been in for a long period of time and have a significant number of multi-tenant systems. In some places where we've got the three tenants, we get the very attractive returns that would exceed those of even towers historically. So we're at the early stages of colocation. So, it's -- we're not multi-tenant across the entire system yet, but we do believe over time, like towers, over 25 years of adding tenants, we'll continue to see growth in those returns and yields. And I believe over time, this business on the small cell side will continue to trend towards what we've seen in towers and will create a significant amount of shareholder value over time as we've been able to build assets in the best markets in the United States, those with dense populations and a lot of data demand. And believe as the carriers densify the network, the assets that we have are going to result in a lot of colocation over many years. And that will consistently drive increases in yields and growth in value creation for equity holders.
Jay Brown: Yes, okay. The current margins, and there will some bleed over this into the beginning of 2024, and around the 25% range, has to do with our exit of the construction services, those would be project management services that, historically, we performed to help our customers install on the assets that we have. Those, the margins in that business are much lower than the margins that we have on a go-forward basis, the services that we'll perform on the pre-installation, pre-construction for our customers. So, what you're really seeing in the mix change over the course of the year as the legacy business ramps down and goes away, and the business that we will continue to perform on a long-going -- for the foreseeable future, the margins on that business are better. So, you're seeing that in the guide. And by the time we get to the second-half of next year, virtually all of those legacy services that will no longer be performing will have been moved out of the results.
Jay Brown: Sure, I'll take the first question, and Dan can walk through the numbers on the second question. Brandon, as we came to our tower leasing guide for '24, we looked at the activity that we were seeing from the customers. And embedded in that activity, about 85% of what's in the guide for 2024, at this point, is contracted. So, there is some amount of rollover of activity that we'll see in this calendar year, where the tenant goes on the tower this year and then shows up for a full 12 months in calendar year '24. There is, by definition, about 15% that we still got to go get in calendar year '24 that we don't have line of sight to. And our view has been, as we came off of the peak of 5G, that there is absolutely going to be a needed addition to tower side of our carriers investing to add additional equipment to build out 5G. We're not done with 5G, and they're not done with macro sites. So, that activity will continue. And based on the conversations that we've had with them, the activity that we've seen, and the work that we see ahead, still believe that there is good activity on the macro tower side. Feel good about where the guidance is. And feel good about where we'll be, not only in '24, but in the years beyond as the towers are still the most efficient way to deploy network capacity. And so, to the extent that macro tower sites can solve the need, the carriers, we believe, will continue to prioritize those assets, and in the portfolio. And we'll continue to see good growth in towers for a long period of time. So, we've reset our expectations from where we were at the peak of 5G, but feel good about where we are from this point forward.
Jay Brown: You bet. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining the call this morning. Appreciate the continued support. And we look forward to seeing and talking with you soon. And just want to thank our team, broadly, for all the work that they have done to deliver the results for '23 so far. Got a good quarter ahead for us to finish out the year, and then excited about the opportunity to continue to grow the business as we get into 2024, and beyond. Thanks for joining, and we'll talk soon.
Dan Schlanger: So Ric, I would say yes, you're thinking about that correctly. Looking at our AFFO, taking out the prepaid rent amortization to get to a cash level makes sense as a shorthand way to do so. And that number is going to be below our dividend at the midpoint when we look at 2024. And we believe, as Jay pointed out throughout his comments, is that given that we think that we're going to be returning out to growth in past 2025, that it made a lot of sense to keep the dividend where it is. And we can fund that dividend all sorts of different ways. We don't want to have a liquidity issue of trying to figure out where the cash comes from. What we have is what we'll do is we'll continue to pay out the dividend. And then, as the organic growth in the business continues to increase over the course of the next several years, we feel really comfortable with the trajectory of that dividend over time.
Dan Schlanger: Yes. Thanks, Greg. Appreciate the comments. And then, I'll start with the first question on higher cost in 2024. You hit on a bunch of them. So, the major cost increases that we experienced, we do have ground leases under our towers as a single large line item that we have in our P&L on the expense side. And those ground leases increase at about 3% per year in cost. That has to be baked in. Secondly, we, like every other company, is faced with -- are faced with increasing cost for labor for people who work here, people we're hiring because the cost of people is going up with inflation. And then, lastly, we had some onetime savings in the back half of 2023 that won't occur going into 2024, which show a little bit more of an increase also. When you add those things up, you get to the type of cost increases you were just referencing.
Dan Schlanger: Yes. Matt, on the first question on what's driving second-half, it's really a combination of just normal kind of seasonality in our business, which we didn't see in 2023 and called out in 2023. It's returned more to how that works in 2024, and our business typically works in the second-half of the year a bit better than the first. In addition to some of the churn events that Ric was mentioning, we kind of hit the first-half of the year not the second. And so, we think that all of that added up would lead to the low point in AFFO being in the first-half of 2024.
Dan Schlanger: Yes, and the second question, on the $155 million of churn. On the towers side, it's going to be very similar churn in '24 to what we think we'll see in '23, which is on the low end of our 1% to 2%, on the $30 million range of churn on tower. On small cells, similarly, very similar to '23, we'll see about 1% of our small cells, so without -- as long as you take out the Sprint Cancellations. And fiber solutions, as Jay mentioned, we believe the churn is coming down from closer to the 10% in '23, to around 9% in '24, so in the neighborhood of $115 million, when you add all those up, maybe $120 million. So, when you add all those up you get to about $155 million total of churn.
