Jay Brown: John, an answer to the first question, in any given quarter, we would typically expect to see between $1.5 million and $2 million of one-time items so I think in each of the quarters for the balance of the year, you would expect to see that and we've seen that in every quarter going backwards. So the items we're calling out here would be really in addition to anything we would normally see, and there's nothing in those items that we would expect to recur in future quarters.
Jay Brown: Simon, on your second question around leverage,and I think we've been pretty vocal about the fact that, in terms of the leverage target, we would expect to operate the business from those space [ph] somewhere between 4x and 6x debt-to-EBITDA. Really I would say at a target of about 5x is where most of the time we'll operate the business, and you're right, we're nearing that 5x leverage level. I think as you see us finish this year and go into next year, I would expect that you'll see us begin to maintain about a 5x leverage ratio in the business. So if we were to grow adjusted EBITDA on an annual basis over the years, starting in 2012, somewhere in the neighborhood of $80 million to $100 million which has been sort of our baseline level of growth that we've talked to you about over a long period of time, take a midpoint there of about $90 million of adjusted EBITDA growth, that would generate about $450 million of capital to invest in the business. And when you combine that with -- as I made the comments about our level of discretionary capital investment that we have beyond the normal CapEx that we're doing in the business, approaching a number that's $900 million to $1 billion of capital to invest in and around the core business as we go forward, and that really goes right to my point in my prepared comments about -- I believe that the level of capital investment that we can do around the core assets, be that acquisitions or the repurchase of our own common stock at somewhere between 400 and 600 basis points to our organic growth rate, when you combine that with all of the activity that we believe we'll see top line growth from leasing activity.
Jay Brown: Jason, I think an answer to your first question. As we think about managing the balance sheet, we think about managing it over a long period of time, and a lot of people have asked the exact question that you asked around would we take the opportunity to lever up in order to make an acquisition and I think that's certainly an opportunity. But the range is there intentionally to give us flexibility as the cost of debt moves, the opportunity moves around both assets and where our stock is trading and our view on that, and so I would leave the flexibility that is intentional in the range that we've given and wouldn't necessarily assume that we would only borrow to make an acquisition. I think we've been pretty consistent over a long period of time describing the fact that we think of our own shares as the buyback of our own towers. It's really just a tower acquisition and no different than buying third-party towers. So I would leave the range in place as I've described it and I think you'll see us manage that over time. With regards to your second question and looking at sequential moves in quarterly revenues and adjusted EBITDA for the balance of the year, there's obviously a number of things kind of moving in there that make us maybe a little more difficult than the normal easy quarter to look at our results. We try to call out the one-time items which in essence brings down kind of where we came out in the first quarter, and it becomes the base upon which we build for the balance of the calendar year. Second thing I would note is that in the second half of the year, our FX assumption is 0.9 rather than 1.0 exchange ratio, Australian dollar to U.S. dollar, and that's about $2 million in each of those subsequent quarters. So to some degree, that creates a leveling in the back half of the year. And then the last thing I would mention about this is, as we give this outlook and affirm the outlook that we gave beginning in the third quarter of 2010 for our full year 2011, it assumes that the leasing activity for the balance of this calendar year looks similar to what we saw in the first quarter of 2011, and I think, for all of the comments that both Ben and I made in our prepared remarks, we'd suggest that there are potentially more additional tenants coming in the late part of this year or into next year. As Sprint talked about on their call this morning, Network Vision appears to be a fourth-quarter late-2011 event, and frankly, if that's when the activity occurs, we really won't see the benefits of that in site rental revenues until those leases or amendments are on air and paying rent, which in all likelihood means we won't see the benefit of that until the first quarter of 2012. So I think at this point, it's based on what we're seeing and I think it's consistent with what the carriers are seeing and at the same time, it may look a little light going into the back half of the year. We're pretty excited about what it means headed into 2012.
Jay Brown: Yes, it's the other way. We lowered the assumption so if we were to keep it at current levels, revenue growth would look higher. So we're stepping it down from actual first quarter which was [ph]...
Jay Brown: Sure, Michael. On the DAS activity, we are finding today that at the levels that we're attempting to succeed in and around $50 million this year of spend, to the extent we can grow that over time, we certainly will. So over a long period of time, we have high aspirations for multi-thousands of nodes and maybe potentially a couple of hundred [million dollars], $300 million of investment over time. I mean, it's hard to say, it is so very early days in the DAS pipeline building, because with every passing month, as capacity challenges increase, we're seeing more areas, more venues becoming DAS candidates and more and more carrier interest in covering those, whereas previously, a year or two ago, there was just not that same level of demand or expectation on the part of us as consumers, frankly, to have that level of service in all those areas. So the real answer to your question of how big can this be is, we don't know. We are going to pursue it as rapidly as we can. We find these to be accretive investments. Just because it's small does not mean we don't actively go after something. I think if that were your litmus test, it'd be hard to sort of get up every day because the company today generating in over $1.2 billion in EBITDA, you could quickly conclude, well, in almost anything it's, in isolation, immaterial. But you got to start somewhere and we're pretty enthusiastic about what we see as it being a contributor to accretive investment over time.
Jay Brown: With regards to your second question about tower count, following the Global Signal acquisition that we did back at the beginning of 2007, we went through a process of really reviewing sites that had negative margin on them, and I believe we've gone through most of the process where we've taken down or removed towers from the portfolio. So I wouldn't expect that you'll see the levels of decommissioning of sites that we did during 2009 and 2010. We'll probably have a little bit of that going forward. But really, I think more importantly, if you're trying to figure out what the tower count is going to be in the future, it's dependent upon acquisitions, and as I mentioned in my prior comments, we value and evaluate those acquisitions against the alternative which is buying our own towers in stock purchases. So almost impossible for me to predict where that will come out, but at least on the decommissioning side, we'd expect that would be lower than what you've seen over the last couple of years.
Jay Brown: Clay, your third question around the AT&T-Cingular merger that happened a number of years ago and what ultimately we saw there, I'll just put a little bit of a disclaimer on this. It's been mentioned to you that we obviously have disclaimed [ph] a merger did [ph] on the Global Signal sites which doubled the number of sites that we have in the U.S. But as best we can tell going back and looking at the analysis, and obviously the equipment changes and amendments happen over time, so it's not a perfectly static measure as you look at what overlap looked like at the time of the announcement and then ultimately what they did on their sites, but we believe that number to be somewhere in the neighborhood of about 30% or thereabouts of the initial overlap activities that they had on those sites when they announced the merger and what they ultimately took off of them. But again, there's a couple of ins and outs there that would probably make that number could even look a little better than that. And then the last thing I would mention about it, which I think we've talked a lot about following the announcement, is that when we go back and look at the activity that we saw from AT&T and Cingular as standalone parties prior to the merger, the amount of leasing that those 2 firms were doing independently was much less than the level of activity that we saw once they were combined. And so -- and I've reconciled for you I think the decommissioning side. I think an important other side of that is, the activity we saw on the positive in terms of gross ads [ph] was much greater than what we saw when the 2 companies were separate, and I think that really goes the hardest then mentioned of the additional $8 billion of capital investment because AT&T has talked about following their acquisition of T-Mobile or announced acquisition of T-Mobile. And that would be pretty consistent with what we've seen, not only with that merger but with other consolidations in the past among the carriers.
Jay Brown: I think it's fair to say, Phil, that if you're trying to think about the cash flow statement for the balance of the year, I think it's unlikely that we can spend much more than about $250 million of CapEx for the balance of the year in terms of CapEx. The other items would be, as I mentioned, acquisition -- hits you on the acquisition line or on a purchase of common shares. But don't expect that capital number's going to move much beyond what we showed in the first quarter.
Jay Brown: I think the answer to your first question around AT&T, there may be some puts and takes as we go through the year but I think on balance, we think it's pretty level to the level of activity that we saw on the first quarter which, as Ben and I both mentioned, was the significant amount of activity from them.
Jay Brown: 15% to 20% in terms of level of activity, and then I would say as we think about 2012, it looks like back up to a level of activity that we saw in 2010.
Jay Brown: Typically, where we most often see seasonality is in the operating expenses around repairs and maintenance, and typically, as you saw both in sustaining capital expenditures were just sits there as well as in the operating expense line. We spent less than the first quarter than we do in subsequent quarters, and our outlook would suggest that to be the case. Order of magnitude, $1.5 million to $2 million in the sustaining capital expenditures line, higher than what we saw on the first quarter, and then on the operating expense line, $1.5 million to $2.5 million roughly in subsequent periods.
Jay Brown: No, I think that's what I would say too, Michael. My experience is, having been here for 11 years, is that we always kind of look for an inflection points and people are searching for the point in which the carriers need to significantly increase their capital spend, and why they might do that is either based on growth on subscribers or penetration levels or increases in usage. The carriers I think are making the same allocation and balancing of investment of cash flow that we make as a company. And they're balancing the return of cash to shareholders in the form of dividends or share purchases much like what we do in the level of CapEx. And our experience has been, as Ben mentioned, it's likely to result in more years of additional growth and leasing activities rather than seeing a big inflection point in the next 1 or 2 years and then a tailing off of that activity. I think we're more likely to see a balanced level of capital spend and therefore a balanced level of leasing activity in our business.
Jay Brown: Yes, I think we're seeing levels of activity that are similar to what we were expecting when we went into the year, and obviously, when we set forth our outlook in the third quarter of the previous year, the carriers having gone through the budgeting process. So we never for any carrier hit that number spot on, but it's in and around the levels that we would expect. And I think to the second part of your question about what are they going to do going forward, I think you're probably going to really have to ask them about what their plans are heading into the expected consolidation there, but the level of activity in our outlook is similar to what we thought.
Jay Brown: Typically, if you're looking at the major metro areas, the search rings are going to be very, very small, 1/8 of a mile, 1/4 of a mile, something like that. And then competitive structures really depends on what carrier is looking at it and where their other sites are located, but I would say in general, the number of competitive sites whenever you're looking at a delivery of search rings would be somewhere in the 5% to 10% range in those cases.
Jay Brown: Yes, Tim, I think the percentages that I was referring to were referencing the impact to the growth rate in recurring cash flow per share.
Jay Brown: Sure. And where I'm going with my comment was, when I talk about the impact to recurring cash flow per share, that's a measure of either acquisitions or stock buyback, so we're certainly not committing ourselves to saying that it’s going to be one or the other, and I think it will move as it has over a long period of time depending on what's available to us. If you go back and look, and I think this is somewhat helpful to think about what we've done over the last 6 years, about half of the capital that we've produced in the business and the leveraging that we've done in the business, about half of that has gone to buy back shares, and the other half has gone to either acquisitions or CapEx-related activity. So it's been about 50-50. Obviously, that's lumpy. If you go back and look last year, we did the DAS acquisition and that took up the majority of cash flow for a quarter and a half or so, and we didn't buy back any shares than we had done so in the quarters previous to that. This quarter, we didn't have an acquisition so we bought shares. It's going to be lumpy, but I think over a long period of time, you want to guess, you could take a guess based on the last 6 years, 7 years of activity and ...
W. Moreland: With regard to the consolidation between AT&T and T-Mobile, obviously it's not even early days. The transaction is just now being considered. But as we previously disclosed, our AT&T licenses have an average of about 12 years to run and T-Mobile similarly 7 years to run, and the overlap in terms of the revenue exposure, if you will, where T-Mobile coexists or is co-located on an AT&T site if it's installed is around 6% of our total revenue. So John, our experience in the past with consolidation has been that we see significantly less churn than the overlap that exists, and that's been consistent in every consolidating transaction to date. I wouldn't venture a guess to say, other than we would expect it to be something less than 6%, but at this point, it's just -- at this point I think it's beneficial for us to get the facts out for you guys, for everybody to appreciate the exposures and what our history has been, again less than 100%, significantly less typically than churn on an overlap site, but we'll have to see how that works itself out over the coming years.
W. Moreland: Simon, let me address Sprint a little bit. We're certainly not going to get out in front of our customer Sprint, particularly on their call this morning where they were addressing their plans on Network Vision. We are enthusiastic supporters of them, and as I go through their process of wanting to repurpose some spectrum and upgrade their equipment, we expect to be a valued partner with them. I'm not going to really get into exactly where we are in the negotiations back and forth, but as I have said we're in active dialogue with them, and to the extent they wanted to share and host someone else on their spectrum or using someone else's spectrum to host on their network. There's a way we can accomplish that, and I think it's something that we would be constructive on, and we'd find something that would be mutually beneficial that would get more spectrum deployed in a very efficient manner. And so I'm very confident that if that's where they want to take their objectives. We can accommodate that and it will be in our mutual best interest to do so.
W. Moreland: On your question, James, on DAS, we remain enthusiastic. We see a growing pipeline of opportunity there. This year, our sort of internal forecast on spending is in and around $50 million of CapEx. We are roughly on pace for that. I think that probably builds to the back half of this year, but we're quite pleased with a growing pipeline there of what we think are very interesting opportunities to provide sort of nontraditional coverage and capacity in areas that are challenged today both in terms of outdoor DAS opportunities and indoor venue opportunities as well, and so we intend to continue to pursue that as much as we possibly can. But as I've said on these calls before, it's not a significant component of our business thus far just because the size and run rate of the core business is so large, but we think it can potentially add a percent to our revenue growth over time and a very attractive usage of capital in terms of accretive investments. It also fulfills a customer need that's out there that provides more of a total solution that we can offer customers. So it's something we're excited and enthusiastic about. We're going to continue it. I don't think you'll see it being a hugely material contributor to the financial results but certainly at the margin, it's accretive and positive.
W. Moreland: Yes, I think that's a reasonable assumption, Rick. I think you'll see, if their plans ultimately come through the year as they expect, and we'll certainly be a contributing factor in that, I think you'll see activity this summer related to that initial work on those sites and those markets that'll need to get launched by the end of the year, but again not a material revenue event for us for the year. If you look at the fact that those licenses would come on sort of in the back half of the year and build towards 2012, it's not going to result in a significant revenue uplift for us this year. As we go forward, where ultimately their plans are to touch all their CDMA sites over the next 3 years, it can be significant, and we expect it to be significant and material to our contribution towards growth in years 2012 to 2014. So it's one of the reasons we're very enthusiastic about the future, 2012 to 2014 around Network Vision in and of itself, and in all the other spectrum that's out there that ultimately will get launched, and as I said in my prepared remarks, in whatever form that may take. Sprint has talked about prospectively hosting others on their network and using their equipment. As I said, that's something we can support, and so I'm quite encouraged by Network Vision as it's currently defined, and then if and when they decide to ultimately bring forward a share on that network, we will be constructive and participate there, and I think that adds further growth to the outlook for 2012 to '14. But I do want to reiterate as we go through and we said in our remarks, those are sort of end of '11, sort of 2012, '13 and 14. This year, what we're primarily seeing is a very aggressive upgrade of 3G and 4G out of AT&T and Verizon. So from our perspective, and we never speak for our customers, but from our perspective, it appears that they are doing everything that they possibly can to meet their objectives around the LTE launches and increasing even 3G capacity on their network, and there's a lot of activity going on. But I think the rest of the marketplace is poised to really be sort of a, as I've described in this long-winded answer, really poised to be a 2012, '13, and '14 growth expectation that's sort of built into our enthusiasm long-term.
W. Moreland: Yes, that'd be our expectation and certainly we have high expectations around the services piece as well.
W. Moreland: Well, I think where you're ultimately heading, Rick, is into specific application pricing which is a difficult place for us to go. We're not going to really talk about that. But our expectation is what we've seen is that the loading is not significantly different. The RRUs [Radio Remote Unit] that go up the tower are not insignificant, they do wait quite a bit, and so almost for what you take off on co-ax, you add higher on the tower in terms of loading. So there's not, I would say, a material change in loading on the tower just because you're reconfiguring the electronics. In fact, in some cases it's actually increasing the loading on the site. But I think it's very early days and we'll just have to wait and see how that shakes out over time.
W. Moreland: Not really sure I understand your question, but generally what's happening is what has happened in really all of the overlays that we've had life-to-date, which is carriers adding additional lines and the antenna and equipment on the sites for which we're charging for additional capacity that they're consuming on the site, whether it be up the tower or ground space. So the basic pricing construct has not changed, and the basic need to add additional lines and antennas and equipment on the site remains intact.
W. Moreland: Sure. Clay, its Ben. On DAS, I would say we really haven't disclosed kind of the run rate. It is immaterial to the $1.8 billion run rate of the tower business today. Again, what we're focused on is the growth year-over-year and have aspirations of it being hopefully about 1% of revenue growth, and that means you're building individual nodes. That means you've got to go some to get that level of growth. That's a lot of individual contribution from construction. So that's probably as much detail as I can provide you on that. Rooftops are not included in that and are pretty much wholly insignificant to our overall run rate today. May grow over time, but for now, they are basically wholly insignificant, I mean, really a gnat really in our overall run rate.
W. Moreland: Yes, Phil, I think as we look at capital spending, and again when I think of capital spending, we start with tower augmentations or, to put it even more simply, tenant improvements, if you will, on augmenting existing towers to accommodate additional run rate revenue, and that's sort of the first thing we spend money on in the company and the highest returning activity available to us. And we've talked about that for years, typically a less than a year payback on average. Next, we come onto land as we've talked about at length and as Jay mentioned in his comments, and have aspirations maybe this year to spend somewhere in the 100 to 120 range, and we’ll just have to see again how that goes along. We spent in over 20 this quarter alone. And then in terms of acquisitions, we'll continue to look at acquisitions and they're hard to predict. There are some small transactions out there. Some of them look reasonable, some of them don't, honestly, looking at our relative value and the opportunities to buy shares. And so when we think about capital deployed, it really all goes into one pot which we sort of think about in terms of opportunity cost. And the way we operate the business is that every dollar is spoken for and will be spent, and our objective everyday is to maximize the outcome of that measured by recurring cash flow per share as Jay was mentioning. So as Jay talked about $340 million, the balance of this year that's unspoken for, I would say that we'll continue to do what we've been doing, which is doing our best to put that to the highest and best returning activity. That will likely be some acquisitions and it'll likely be some more share repurchases, and we think about this as a marathon, not a sprint, so it's an ongoing process of deploying the capital quarter-to-quarter. And next year, as Jay mentioned, if we get down to sort of that 5x area on leverage, that capacity doubles, gets close to $1 billion, so it'll be an ongoing activity to put something like in and around $250 million a quarter to work.
W. Moreland: Phil, it is absolutely accelerating. Fiber to sites is ongoing and very active. I don't have a way of really reconciling for you exactly how many of our sites are fibered today. I'll be venturing and [ph] guess that something over half, but I can't tell you precisely. But it's a very active process. It's something that we are assisting customers with from the services side actively, and so I would expect that over the next 2 or 3 years it approaches probably 90%, but that's probably as precise as I can be today.
W. Moreland: Sure, Jonathan. First of all, with respect to prospective MLA negotiations or what we may enter into going forward, I'd really not going to comment on that. That's probably it on that one. On Network Vision in terms of capacity, I think the capacity question is a good one. It's one we're happy to address with folks. It goes to the previous answer where we talked about tenant improvement dollars or augmentation. It is almost never an occurrence where we are completely capacity-constrained on a site where we cannot accommodate additional tenancy, be it an upgrade or an additional full array, or whether that'd be on the tower or ground space. The Network Vision equipment is efficient, so it's not going to consume a lot more ground space which is nice, but capacity is really not something that we are running out of around here, and we can create it with this additional cash, capital investment tower augmentation effort that goes on here. And so if I think of the constraints in the business, capacity is not one of them.
W. Moreland: Well ultimately, I mean, typically the easiest way to think about our pricing is physical, and that's where we normally take the conversation with investors because that's the easiest way to think about it, physical lines and antennas and loading on sites. And there's nothing that we see in terms of architecture today that the carriers are asking to put up that lessens that load. And so we think that constructive [ph] purpose of understanding and explaining the business is probably the easiest way to go. But it's also true that what we are pricing is access to height, vertical height, and an existing site that are tough to come by today in terms of zoning. And so while it's easy to think about it as a physical right, we are certainly pricing something that's a competitive -- in terms of lack of competitive alternatives that is providing height to coverage general geography. And so that is absolutely implicit in the negotiation, and I believe certainly provides some downward floor control on pricing, to the extent you would see equipment sort of unloaded. But that's not been our experience. I think it's still the most instructive for everyone to think about this business as physical pricing, but certainly there's an element of access to these sites that is implicit in the pricing and frankly never changes.
W. Moreland: On Sprint, I just -- I'm going to let them obviously announce if they choose to proceed with a hosting arrangement with a customer. As I've said, we're constructive in that dialogue. There is a way for that to occur. It will result in additional revenue for us, but I'm just not going to get into anything any further than that. It's really up to them to decide how they want to utilize their network and leverage it with another spectrum owner, but it's something that I think we're constructive on, and to the extent it expedites spectrum being launched that wasn't previously launched, and it gets that network on the air and available to consumers, that is long-term positive for us and that's how we're looking at it.
W. Moreland: No. But Brett, I want to go back to, first, just your question about activity. If you look at -- I think it's important, activity levels this year again dominated as we said earlier around upgrade activities around AT&T and Verizon. That is yielding without investments in the guidance about 11% year-over-year recurring cash flow growth with investment spending the $340 million. You get into the mid-teens area of recurring cash flow per share growth which we're quite comfortable with and quite pleased with. Before, you even get into sort of the 2012 to '14 timeline of all this other spectrum being deployed or equipment repurposed. So we're actually feeling pretty comfortable at a level of activity this year which may not approach where we were last year. We're still seeing very healthy levels of growth in terms of cash flow per share and we see lots of opportunity.
W. Moreland: Yes. In terms of the T-Mobile towers, we're operating in the assumption as we've been told that they are gone for the medium term. Assuming that the transaction closes as described, obviously that'll be an AT&T decision. They own a bunch of their own towers, and I think it'll be a longer-term strategic discussion that they'll want to have internally, but for the purposes of planning today, we're assuming they're off the table. With your Sprint and Clearwire-LightSquared prospective credit question, we would look at the counter-party who's asking. And so this is hypothetical, but to the extent that Sprint would come and want to gain rights under their licenses on our towers, we would consider them to be the counter-party. So that, perhaps that answers your question.
W. Moreland: Gray, let me take that first part [ph]. As we said on the third quarter call and the fourth quarter call, we haven't disclosed the identity of the party that we did that agreement with. I really can't comment on that. But that agreement in existence is not actually a material portion of what we're talking about in terms of leasing growth. It really comes down to this, and this is not -- for those of you that are close to the industry and follow this carefully, it really shouldn't be -- it comes as much of a surprise when we say that most of the activity we're seeing this year is from AT&T and Verizon amendments. That's a fact. If you go down the list of everybody else, you can come up with a story as to generally what's going on in those networks, some of them are not completely capitalized for further build-outs yet. We're not sure what the form of those further network builds are going to actually take, and then you have a lot of other spectrum that is yet to be deployed. You've got T-Mobile, which Jay just commented on, which is continuing to be active but not in a significant contribution level to our overall total, but certainly in line with kind of what our expectations were for the year. And so when you look at a year like that, this is sort of the outlook that you get. It reminds me of questions that we always get when we put out annual guidance where the questions are typically, what of these new sort of insurgent carriers did you've forecast in your guidance? And our answer typically has been "very little, if any." That is true, and that is why you see us basically looking at a year that's sort of on plan in terms of guidance because you don't see a lot of activity that would be financially impactful this year and this calendar year around those other carriers. I think there's a lot of opportunity and activity that is going to come, as back to Rick's question earlier, that you'll see ramping in the fourth quarter of this year on into -- frankly gives us a lot of confidence over the next 3 years of growth to extend that growth runway. But this year, when you think back to those questions, what did you put in your guidance around this other type of speculative growth, the answer being "very little to none", and frankly, that's kind of what we're seeing.
W. Moreland: Well, yes. I guess you're putting a little bit of words in my mouth. I think that, so far, Tim, we have not seen that. We are still largely pricing on physical loading. Again, implicit in all of our pricing is access to a unique asset that ultimately has value, obviously. But as a general statement today, we are not seeing really any unloading of the tower. In fact, the contrary. We're still seeing more loading of the tower. It's still the most efficient way to get the maximum efficiency out of the spectrum that's being deployed, and that's what we're seeing. So we remain in a sort of committed to that pricing construct. And just maybe to punctuate and end on Jay's note around the organic growth augmented with investment, whether that's acquisitions or share purchases in the past, we're committed to basically deploying that capital in the way that augments organic growth. And I think that was Jay's comment in your script, which was 200 to 600 basis points a year is kind of what we can see, contribution from that activity in addition to organic. This year's level of activity, that would put us sort of firmly in the mid-teens area. Obviously we have aspirations to make that as high as we possibly can, but given what's going on in the market, we're quite comfortable with that in building long-term value in the company.
W. Moreland: Thanks for the interest and appreciate you all staying a little long with us today. We had a long of list of questions, but appreciate your interest and patience and look forward to seeing everybody on the call next quarter.
