Naftali Holtz: Hey, Steve. Its Naf. good morning. So first of all, yes, we're very excited by Trifecta and as you've done, your math with some of the coordinates we gave you that's how we think about it. And that will help us as we grow continue to grow EBITDA, both help deleverage the balance sheet, but also generate cash flow. And with our capital allocation, we're very much focused on paying down debt. And if you're going to remember be in 2019, and before, our goal was around, and where we were, is around 3x leverage. And those are the topic coordinates that we're looking for. And which means for us, an investment grade balance sheet, in addition to being an unsecured balance sheet as well. We’ve been having conversations with the rating agencies, there hasn't been any indication of difference in their kind of ratings, versus what was pre-pandemic.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So I'll follow what Jason was saying, which is, we're still early in our planning cycle. And, obviously, we're not providing guidance here. But I think, as we think about it, as we said, all those one-time costs that we incur this year, we expect them to be lagging into the fourth quarter. And, again, going back to Trifecta in our formula, this is how we think about things in terms of, how do we increase profitability. We continue to see inflation. We're working really hard to mitigate the impact of it. And, and making sure that we are continuing to increase the margins of the business.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. We actually are seeing some mitigation, but it's a little bit hard right. The environment is pretty complex. So what we're seeing is continuation of what we're seeing today.
Naftali Holtz: Yes, Hi Fred. No, we think -- I think we mentioned it also in the prior call. We think that and we -- this is really a phenomena of this year, just given what happened earlier in the year. So as we look forward, we don't expect that we expect this to be normal. We do have, as I mentioned we did finish 90% in Europe is actually a little bit better than what we expected and for the fourth quarter it's really late season in Europe, which typically is a lower occupancy.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. And I guess that kind of if you take a step back or higher a little bit it's also as we continue to grow capacity and grow the business really leveraging the scale and creating the operating leverage. So we can expand the margin.
Jason Liberty: Yes, great question, Steve. When we look at things over time, we've been able to grow our like-for-like yields. We've been able to grow our onboard. And obviously, as we take on new ships, the inventory mix has also been helpful as those ships have a better inventory mix in terms of speeds and outsides versus insides, as well as on the onboard side, there's more venues for us to have different services and experiences for our guests, which they'll spend money on. So I think when we think about moderate yield growth, we think about as we said it in the past, it's on average, 2% to 4% a year. And on the cost side, it's typically flat to low single digits. So we should be able to grab scale, as our business grows. And that's how I think we -- you'll see us continuing to do that. We're not looking at this as if, and I've said this in my remarks as the operating environment is going to be perfect, and that the consumer is going to be perfect. What we've done is we know that we have been able to manage our business in that way, in times in which the market might be accelerating. And sometimes when market is a little bit choppy. And that's why we looked at this over this kind of 2.5, 3-year period of time on us getting back, well not just getting back accelerating past our highs in 2019.
Jason Liberty: Well, it's still early, Robin, you know, this from the past, it would be early for us to provide guidance. But I think how we've kind of talked about the Trifecta program is kind of how we think about yields and costs and so forth for next year. So that's what I would kind of use more principally as a guiding tool. But it's early, there's -- we still have -- we're still building the book of business, while it is accelerating and we're very happy with it. We're comfortable providing exactly what those coordinates will be come January or early February call.
Jason Liberty: And I mean just to add, Robin, we certainly much appreciate when we look at a 14% capacity increase, that we should be able to get more efficient over time. And, of course, some of that capacity increase that's coming in as a mix leans heavier now towards Silversea, and Celebrity in terms of the capacity growth. And of course, those are higher net cruise cost products. But in the same vein, we have been taking a lot, we have taken a lot of action during the course of this, we've done a lot of, as I've described in the past, getting into our wedding weight here, which is helping us combat a lot of the inflation. So that we can kind of think about that formula for success as we go into 2023.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, I can't really speak for our competitors, in terms of what's happening inside their business. But I think for us, we obviously, we returned our ships very quickly. I do think that some of the things that you laid out there strong brands, I think leading brands, leading ships, having assets, like Perfect Day at CocoCay has resulted in an acceleration of our business. While has also been very mindful about price integrity, as you know, certainly could be higher load factors if we wanted to take action on price, which we're not looking and we have no intent to do. And of course, in the Q4, we're moving into the shoulder season, which is why load factors are more or less what we talked about in Q3 and rates are typically lower in Q4, because that's the shoulder season period of time. But what we see is a lot of demand for our brands, we see the return, I mean, everything has normalized in terms of new to cruise, loyal guests first to ran. And so now it's just building up a quality book business over time, as we would do in a regular way as we enter a normal 2023 year.
Jason Liberty: Yes. But just assume that everybody says that. And I just wanted to add to Michael's comments, obviously, we've seen this 40% gap to land based vacation, it used to be about 20%. The Royal brand actually closed the gap very significantly, with the introduction of Perfect Day, the modernization of our fleet. And so we see there's a lot of opportunity to close that gap here over time. And I think what you're also hearing from us, and in, we'll probably talk more about this in our Investor Day in the coming weeks here is just how we need to increase frequency with our guests. We need to improve our loyalty programs. We need to be more one-to-one, so that we're putting offers in front of our guests that are very relevant to them individually, and just bring more awareness. And that should all yield us closing the gap further to land based vacation. So we're not happy about that gap. But it serves as great motivation for us to go after.
Jason Liberty: Yes. I just want to add, because I know, coming out of all this, there's always a lot of what's happened with protocols and so forth. I think it is important to note that the business is back and operating, the booking activity is very, like, similar to what we were experiencing in '19. And of course, it's accelerating, which is what we want to see the consumer is very healthy. We're spending a lot of money on our ships. But psychologically, and we experience wise, it's almost as if we just stepped into the next quarter after '19. And we're just -- it's business as usual.
Jason Liberty: Our expectation, as I said is our yields will be up in 2023. And our EBITDA will be better in 2023. And we expect we're going to manage our costs, as we always have. And we know that there are headwinds, there are some structural headwinds and not pointed out on the top-line. But our expectations are that our yields are going to accelerate. And we expect that we're going to be managing our cost effectively and our capital allocation effectively.
Jason Liberty: Yes. For sure the combination of new ships and the exit of Azamara and so forth that nets out to a positive for us.
Jason Liberty: Yes, but I think just to add on to it, what we're not really seeing now is our commodities, the things that are inflationary impacted going up now, so it has stabilized and is not mentioned there. We're starting to see especially kind of in the protein space where those commodity costs are starting to come down.
Jason Liberty: Yes, sure. So I think what we're seeing kind of across the Board is a lot of -- there is a lot of strength in the Caribbean. We see strength in Alaska. We see strength in the Europe, We’re more focused on the Mediterranean area. That's where we see the strength in the bookings. But yes, we see a lot of like these puts and takes and we see these trends change a little bit over time and but for the most part, we're seeing most of our products a lot of strength in demand with the focus a little bit more on the Caribbean in terms of where we're seeing the consumer want to get ahead of the curve in their booking activities. Historically, we've entered the year somewhere between 55% and 60%, I would just be mindful as we go into next year and some of the comments that I made and Naftali made, we don't have any China business assumed for 2023. Typically this point of the year we would have most of that business booked because it was charter related contracts. So that will weigh a little bit on in terms of the percent that were booked. And we have more short product going into 2023, which is a little bit more of a closer in product. But we feel very comfortable with not only how we're booking but we feel very comfortable on how we're going to turn the year to put us in a position for positive yield growth.
Jason Liberty: Yes. And just to add Fred, I think the real trigger in Europe was when the U.S. finally dropped the testing requirement for U.S. citizens to come back in. And unfortunately that didn't happen until very late spring and that impacted just the bookings over time. But the ramp up from when that announcement was made and has not commented that acceleration resulted in us doing better than we had anticipated in the third quarter but it is a high yielding product and so that mix shift impacts your overall yields.
Jason Liberty: It's very minimal -- actually there's no real -- we expect that we will be in China before the end of 2025. In our assumptions around our Trifecta plan, we have not considered that at this point in time.
Jason Liberty: Well, I think some of that comes into on the inflationary side and our ability to just continue to evolve our very nimble supply chain platform to reduce our costs and some of that is by being able to do things more locally versus going out and globally source everything, which sometimes can result in us lowering the freight costs and so forth which can improve our cost structure. And then there's also a lot of opportunity on just automation and doing things more efficiently that we also think is an opportunity for us to lower our costs.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, I mean all three brands are actually doing very well. The Silversea guest is obviously higher yielding guest and they tend to book further out, which helps us when we think about our booking curve and more mix of Silversea in there. Well, I think the only thing that I would probably just add is you certainly see the currently the drivable market is certainly something that's benefiting our brands or you can see that in the bookings the guests who are willing to drive six, seven, eight hours to their home port is definitely a trend that we have been seeing. But this is not a surprise coming out of COVID and now we're starting to see guests plan their vacations for fly cruise for example into Europe much earlier than we saw pre-COVID.
Jason Liberty: Yes. And I think the point is -- we're getting much more efficient in our ability to go one-to-one to our customers, but the cost which I know you guys all follow. The costs for SEO and other related marketing activities has gone up there's been an inflation or demand elements that have caused that to go up in our teams have done I think a very great job in finding efficient ways to do that. And we're not having to spend additional marketing dollars to generate demand which really just shows the strength of our brands and the positioning of our deployment which has paid us quite well.
Jason Liberty: Yes, I wouldn't put them in -- they have different priorities. Of course the ROIC, the EBITDA margin and leverage and earnings they're all very interrelated. At the same time, we've quadrupled down on what we can do to reduce our consumption the technologies that we can be employing to reduce our carbon footprint. So that is not -- when we look at the lens of making, decision-making it's about what's best for the customer, what's best for our investors and what's best for the environment and how we make those decisions to make sure that we're optimizing all of them.
Jason Liberty: Great. So thank you everyone for your participation and interest in the company. Michael will be available for any follow-up. I wish you all a great day. Thanks a lot.
Michael Bayley: Vince, what can I say, you just gave me the great question. I've been sitting quietly here waiting for somebody to ask such a question. Obviously, we are extremely pleased and delighted and honestly excited with the direction of the business. I think, as Jason commented earlier, the results from Icon of the Seas that the first weeks bookings for Icon were absolutely phenomenal. I mean, we had high expectations, and the actual results just even surprised us. I'm not going to give you the stats for that first week because I may get into trouble. But they were really phenomenal. And Icon is the first in a new class of ships for Royal Caribbean, which is squarely in the family market, which is a scale. Obviously, it's a scale brand with huge presence in the American market and a strong global footprint. That product and the journey that we've been on now for many years in terms of where we're taking the brands, the introduction of Perfect Day and our plans for future private destinations, combined with new hardware, and certainly with Icon now leading the way late in '23, and into '24, where we're really focusing on this target market, which is family and of course, has many new neighborhoods, including a neighborhood called Surfside, which is absolutely focused on young families. And those young families with children six and under travel all year round, because obviously, parents can pull their kids out of pre-k and what have you. The Icon product along with Perfect Day, with the kind of experiences that we're offering with the kind of new accommodations that we have on Icon, and the experiences that we have for young families, older families, and of course, couples and singles, and what have you, is really squarely standing shoulder-to-shoulder with Orlando, and those kinds of destinations. And what we're beginning to see is the -- for us is moving certainly the Royal brand into that space far more aggressively. And we're seeing the kind of booking activity and demand and enthusiasm for those products is increasing and accelerating. So I would say that's the direction we're on. And, again, what we've seen with Icon in the first week, and it's continued now into the second week. There's a huge amount of demand for that product. And I think, if I'm correct, Vince, Michael told me that you actually been sitting on a plane and you overheard a conversation maybe you could share with everybody else. What you overheard on that plane.
Michael Bayley: Hey, Brandt, let me just jump in before maybe Jason has some comments. But we were all waiting for that change in the protocols. Our calculation on the addressable market was quite significant in terms of the number of people who were excluded from the brands and the product because of these protocols and requirements, et cetera. And we were already doing very well, pre that announcement. But when those protocols fell off, we immediately saw a significant increase in the volume of bookings. And that volume continued to -- just continued and has accelerated. And I think what we've seen is that literally, I think our calculation in the American market was that the addressable market expanded by about 35 million people, almost overnight, and we saw that coming through in our booking. So it was a very positive step. And if you look globally, now, there's -- it's pretty much the same story all around the world, in the Australian market, where we're obviously operating. There is still some protocols still in place, but we're pretty confident they're going to fall away in the coming weeks and months. So we've really entered into a very normalized environment and we've seen the customers respond, honestly, with a huge amount of enthusiasm has been extremely positive.
Michael Bayley: Just to add to that we also had the whole Ukrainian situation which when you think about it -- that came I think pretty much at the beginning of the season so that that was a really pretty significant curveball for bookings for a while.
Michael Bayley: Yes. No, that's right and we don't -- we expect this as I think we said even in the last quarter earnings we expect to be normalized in terms of our investment in sales and marketing. We're always thinking about where's the best money to spend which channel, which market, but generally we expect it to be at normal levels.
Brandt Montour: Hey, good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my questions. And congratulations on getting this trifecta out there. My first question is on broader bookings volume trends throughout the quarter, Jason, if you could just speak broadly in terms of how that sort of trended post the protocol relaxation, if there was sort of a huge spike from a pent up people waiting for that to happen, and then it eased a bit or is it even or did it accelerate through anything you could help, you could add would be helpful. Thank you.
Brandt Montour: Got it. Great. That's excellent to hear. And then my second question is on net yields for 2023, you guys went through a loss of puts and takes, versus 2019 I feel like I'm going to need a PhD in physics, just to sort of distill it down to a common denominator here. But if I add up everything Pullmantur, Azamara, the change in mix for CocoCay, the change in mix for North America, in general, the exit higher yielding China. But I know you guys don't have guidance out there, and you're not going to give it. But just when you add it all up, does it equal a net positive or negative mix shift to where we would have been otherwise versus '19.
Brandt Montour: Okay. Thanks, guys. Just to clarify, I wasn't suggesting that -- I just wanted to focus just on the mix not if it was up versus '19 or down versus '19, but if you were to take a benchmark versus '19 what the mix shift alone would do to that benchmark? That's what I was asking about. But I appreciate your comment.
