Robin Farley: Great. Thank you for taking the question. I know it's very difficult to get any visibility on the timing of a restart. I wonder if you could tell us, when you mentioned your fuel hedges, you talked about you're adjusting it for forecasted fuel consumption. I wonder if you could kind of tell us what you're roughly thinking about for your fuel consumption as a way to sort of help us think about what that would look like versus a normal year? And then also specifically sort of related to Alaska, too. I'm wondering if your fuel consumption assumption is for that market, too? Thank you.
Robin Farley: Okay. Because that's an improvement, I think, since your last quarterly call. So okay, great. I will...
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you for let me hop in – for last question. Just two things, one is you mentioned that the next Royal ship to be back in service would likely be outside the US. I'm just wondering, is that sort of more likely to be maybe Australia? I'm just thinking about kind of where your sourcing comes from the market where you can sort of fully source a ship as opposed to Europe. That just – kind of thinking is that more likely to be Australia. And then the other question, and this is very minor, but I was just curious with the sale of the Empress and Majesty. Those were ships that my understanding. I thought those were the only Royal Caribbean ships that fit into the port in Havana, in Cuba. And I know that's like way out on your radar screen, but are there other ships that could potentially return to that market if that were to reopen? Thanks.
Jason Liberty: Well, thanks, Robin. And by the way, that's a very interesting angle in trying to get us to provide how many ships are we expecting to have up and running on the water, So, on the fuel consumption side, just like everything else, it's very fluid, and it will be based off of the timing on when we go back into service. So, I don't have a specific number to guide you to, but it was a creative way to ask it, but we are – we'll disclose that as we know what the deployment will look like specifically and the ships that will come up and running.
Jason Liberty: Yes, a little bit more. But I mean, we're very – as we said before, I mean, we are – there is clear demand. And as we look at 2021, based off of the different scenarios we have in terms of resumption of service, the volumes that we see on a demand standpoint are -- I mean, in our perspective are impressive.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. Well, most of our deployment is open for the first half of 2022. Now, it is very early here in the booking stage and we're sitting here in the first quarter of 2021. And historically, we don't really talk about 2022, but what we're seeing continue on is our customers -- there's a lot of pent-up demand for vacations, right? They're saving more. They bypass many of their vacations. And so, they're trying to eye out when we're going to return to service, and they're going to be able to go and enjoy the vacations that they had previously planned. And so, I think when you look at the first half of 2022, again it's very, very early. The pricing that we're seeing relative to like-for-like for 2019 shows that our APDs are up with or without any application of future cruise certificates.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. Well, first off, we have a lot of options. So, it's not just some options. We have a very full quiver of options both in the capital market and even non-capital market activities, whether we still have a lot we can access as it relates to our debt baskets. Obviously, we can access equity and other instruments. But we are and we have been extremely methodical about our capital raises. Some of it's based off of the operating landscape, some of it is being opportunistic in seeing how we continue to focus on the balance sheet. But we will just continue to evaluate the situation, and based off of that, we'll look to continue to be in a strong liquidity position. So that, as we return out of this, our business can accelerate.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. And I do appreciate the challenge, James, because we obviously – it's still early for us to kind of talk about what the margins will look like as we come out. The sale of Azamara, we've sold some of our older tonnage. The net of that is will be -- it's a very slight good guy on a yield standpoint. It will be a good guy on the cost standpoint, because the ships were smaller, so the spreading of costs were not as efficient. But as an organization, we have and we continue to take advantage of this opportunity to analyze our costs and find ways to be more efficient. So as we come out of this, we have the ability to add on to those margins. It's still too early to talk specifically about how much that will be. But we're trying -- as I kind of describe it, our goal is to kind of be in our wedding weight as we come out of this and then accelerate as we move back into service.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. I mean, I don't think there's necessarily bad guys. Obviously, we will have return to service costs here as we ramp ourselves up, which could just make it look a little bit lumpy in the beginning.
Jason Liberty: I also think it's important to note that besides for the ships that we have sold or the brand that we have sold, we also have incredible new tonnage that is coming in, into the -- our fleet. And so as we know those ships our -- the inventory mix is better. They're much more cost-efficient on a fuel perspective, and they deliver higher margins. And so all the ships in which Richard had noted that are coming in here in the next couple of years, plus what we have on order will also help us expand our margins further.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. Sure. So on the Azamara sale, really kind of through this whole process, we have really tried to be opportunistic and strategic and look at as we are today. And as we will come out of this, how do we want to prioritize, whether it's how we're investing, or how we're supporting on our resource base. This opportunity came our way here with Sycamore. It gives Azamara an opportunity to grow. And I think that it's a great brand that we think will do quite well under this other -- this other venture. I think moving into other ship sales and so forth, we remain opportunistic. I think we need to remember that pre-pandemic, all of these ships generated quite a bit of cash flow. And so it needs to -- for us, typically, the test on a ship is a little bit less -- it's a little bit less about the cash that we would receive. It's more strategic on whether we think this ship with -- whether it's in its current state or through some moderate investment is something that fits our brands. We're on fit another brand within our organization or even with our JVs. And that's kind of how we look at it, and I think we'll remain opportunistic.
Jason Liberty: Just a few other things that I would just add to it, we've also -- over the past year, we have seen a disproportional amount of our loyalty guests as well as experienced cruisers as part of the mix of bookings. What we have seen more recently is not back to where it was pre-COVID. There has been an increase in the first of cruise coming back into the space. The other point that I would just add is, and some of this, I think, is because people are being vaccinated, and to Michael's point of 65 plus. But as the distribution or shop in the arm of the vaccines are being rolled out. We're seeing that there's a pretty strong relationship to booking volumes and vaccines. And so that is, I think something to point out that, one, there -- obviously, there the people 65 in order who are getting the vaccine, who are now becoming confident to travel. On the other side of it, it's also building confidence that we're getting closer to the other side of this, and people are beginning to realize that travel should be here sooner rather than later. And so I just want to make that point as well as there seems to be a tight relationship to that.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, the near-term will really be based off of when we're able to return to service. So it's tough to kind of peg exactly accordance within a certain period of time. We are extremely focused from the Board down on getting back to pre-COVID levels as soon as possible. So, on a balance sheet basis that means for us to be 3.5 times debt-to-EBITDA or better. And obviously, most of that is going to -- if not all of that is going to come from the generation of cash from operations. But we continue to look at that path as we get back into service here to try to get the balance sheet back in a healthy shape.
Jason Liberty: That is correct, Ben. And, of course, November and December were tough months, because of just an incredible rise in cases in society.
Jason Liberty: Well, I think, its normalization is -- or really you're seeing a decrease in cases, and you're seeing a -- the rollout of vaccines. But I do -- I wanted to bifurcate the point again on the relationship to the vaccines, because it's not just -- obviously, people with 65 and over who have gotten the vaccines, who are now focused on their travel, but I think it's also a stimulus of confidence in the consumer that they'll be able to travel soon again. So we're also -- it's not just an increase in 65 plus, we're seeing an increase in all the other demographics as well.
Jason Liberty: Hi, Assia. Yeah, I think, our communication and dialogue with the CDC is productive, they're dealing with an incredibly challenging situation and environment. When we have our discussions, it's a relatively open process. And as they've explained to us and on many occasions, this really is about what's happening with the virus. And they've assured us on several occasions that when these indicators really start to move in a very positive way, then they'll start working with us to get us back into operation. And that's exactly what we're seeing now. So I must admit every single day I go on the COVID U.S.A. chart on Google, and so how the trend line is and it's just plummeting. So my sense is, is that we're getting closer and closer to good news.
Jason Liberty: Patrick, I mean we remain opportunistic in considering things. As I commented earlier that for us, it needs to -- it's not about selling ships to get cash. It's about whether or not when we look at the investment in the ship or where the ship fits within the fleet, whether or not it fits strategically within the brand or could fit in one of our other brands. So we continue to evaluate opportunities that come our way, but we don't have any specific plans or a specific goal in mind here.
Jason Liberty: Let me see if I have it. I don't have that right in front of me. -- no, we can get – being it right back to you right after...
Jason Liberty: All right. Well, let me take the first one, and then I'll pass it to Michael in terms of just talking about our lead time for ramp-up a service. But if you consider Azamara and you consider the majesty and Empress, which are the two that we sold. That's about a 5% impact on our capacity. So, just to provide you those numbers.
Jason Liberty: It's a great question. One thing we saw on Quantum was that outside rooms sold very quickly. And of course, we put premiums on those rooms and so you can see that people were considering that or thoughtful of that. We know that in the beginning, when we do start-up, depending upon the environment, that there will be protocols in place with regards potentially with berthing of crew, et cetera. So that may present some challenges. But we don't see it as permanent. We see it as transitional. And so I think in the beginning, we may see more focus on outside inventory than inside. But there's no really significant dynamic that's in front of us right now. And we do definitely see it as transitional. And in terms of the question of returning to our pre-COVID load factors, we obviously don't know. But I think our expectation is, once we go through the transitional phase that we will be returning to our pre-COVID load factors.
Jason Liberty: Yeah, sure. So as it relates to our debt basket, our current availability is $2 billion under those indentures. And Vince, you are right, we did talk about that our liquidity – our maturities for 2021, it's $400 million. As we noted late last week, we did secure debt holidays from our export credit agencies for the vast majority of what was available, and we should have the balance of that closed out here, hopefully, in the next couple of weeks. And based off of those two things, we will have – our maturities for 2021 will be about $400 million.
Jason Liberty: So Robin, great question on Cuba deployment. And of course, when Jason called us and said, I think we've got a buyer for these two ships. It was the very first question we all went and double checked. And we're okay. So we do have ships that will fit into Cuba, if that should come back. So we're okay there. With regards to ship starting in Australia or China or Europe or elsewhere, for example, we literally are in discussions globally around the world with different governments and looking at where they are with COVID and vaccines, et cetera, et cetera. So I think the point is that there's a lot of opportunity that's starting to open up globally in terms of what's occurring with COVID. And so we are in discussions around the world. One of the products that we opened, this is not a product that would be the next product for Royal Caribbean to open up, but we opened branch [ph] of the Seas, Home Corning in Barbados, sailing out of Barbados in November of 2021 on a mix of seven and 14 night cruises into the Southern Caribbean and really focused into the North American, American, Canadian and the UK market. And it is exceeded our expectations quite significantly. I mean we literally sold 25% of our load factor within a couple of weeks. So back to Jason's point, there's a lot of demand, we think, is building up globally for vacations and crews and for Royal Caribbean. So we're quite kind of optimistic about where this is heading.
Jason Liberty: Okay. Thank you, everybody, and Shelby, for your assistance for the call today, and we thank all of you for your participation and interest in the company. Carola will be available for any follow-ups you might have, in putting the share count, which I'll pass along. And I wish you all a very great day.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Jaime, it's Michael. As Richard commented in his opening comments, we're really pleased with the performance of Quantum in Singapore. It's being an incredible learning experience for our company, and it's been a remarkable example of great collaboration between cruise company and the Health Ministry and the government of Singapore. So we've been operating now for close to three months. We've carried probably around 35,000 Singaporeans on ocean cruises. The customer satisfaction ironically is higher with our protocols than it was before our protocols, which is quite funny in a way. And our revenue has exceeded our expectations both from a ticket and an onboard revenue perspective.  So the overall performance of our products has been really quite strong. It's subject to a series of protocols that as you question, probably very similar to a framework that we may be operating within the future out of the US or Europe. But it's a changing landscape. So what we've started with in Singapore in terms of protocols are already being reviewed. And there's -- in the coming weeks, we expect some of those protocols to be changed. For example, load factor constraint in the beginning of our Singapore operations was capped at 50%. We're now in discussions about increasing that cap to 65% in the coming weeks. And some of the testing regime has changed.  So one of the things that come from Quantum, well, two things. One is that operationally, we've really begun to understand how we can work together with the Health Ministry to safely operate a large cruise ship during the COVID times. And we've also gained from our investment in technology. So there are two technologies that have come from Quantum that really are game changing. One is the e-mastering, which completely transforms the whole process of lifeboat mastering. And it's all done digitally through your iPhone or and an app.  And the second is, we've really developed technology for contact tracing, using a combination of technologies. One of them is a Tracelet, which basically each guest wears and can tell exactly how long and they've been in contact with everybody else who's wearing a Tracelet. And then we have artificial intelligence connected into basically CTV cameras that use facial and body recognition to then double check and verify contact tracing in the event that somebody did have COVID onboard to ship, we've been fortunate that, that hasn't happened. But that technology development is really, we think, groundbreaking and very sophisticated.  And in our conversations that we had the week before last with the CDC, they specifically asked us to share that technology and what we've been doing in Singapore with them, which we've subsequently done. So there's a lot of lessons being learned. And I think, ultimately, it will create a foundation for how we'll operate. But again, the landscape is changing quite significantly as well with the vaccines and the interaction rate. Thank you, Jaime.
Michael Bayley: And Stephen, just to add one more comment that surprises on our Quantum bookings is that we saw an exceptionally high number of new-to-cruise booking with Quantum, which surprised us, but that's a real positive.
Michael Bayley: Yeah. Hi, Ben. Yeah, we've been in regular communication with the CDC, both at the -- with the maritime unit and at the executive level. And we're literally expecting the technical specifications any day soon. So it's an intergovernmental process between several agencies within the government that are reviewing the technical specifications. But they've assured us that, as soon as all of these things come together, they want to get us back into operations. So we're just literally waiting. I think, again, to our previous comments, I think our level of optimism is increasing as we see the infection rate decline so dramatically in the U.S. and the number of vaccines increasing. And so, we're waiting. And hopefully, we'll get them soon, and we can start our trial sailing. So, I think, you may know that when we ask for volunteers for our trial sailings, we received over 250,000 volunteers. So there's plenty of people interested in cruising.
Michael Bayley: Assia, I think they, like us, are looking at these statistics and it's not just the absolute numbers. There are the unknowns how quickly the vaccine continues to roll out, how the variance will affect the numbers going forward. So I think it's premature for them or for us to try and speculate on what threshold the number has to be because it's so many variables. I think every day, we learn a little bit more. And I think we're more encouraged to see the really dramatic drop that we've been experiencing and the really nice rollout, particularly in the United States and the U.K. in the vaccine. But I think it's still too early for them or us to try and pinpoint, this is the threshold that allows us to move forward.
Michael Bayley: Okay. Thanks. On the -- sorry, let me just follow-up on the second part of that question with regards to bringing ships back into operation with regards to our learned lessons from Quantum. We've been -- I mean, as you can imagine, we've been working on return to service for many, many months, and we have multiple teams who've been working on all of the logistics and operations of this. And of course, all of the lessons that we've been learning from Quantum have been applied to the whole corporation in terms of planning and logistics. So, I think there's a lot of variables and a lot of dynamics in returning a fleet to operation, but we've obviously been doing it for many, many decades in terms of bringing new ships to life. And we put a lot of energy now behind ensuring that we understand how and what we need to do to bring our ships back. One comment I'd like to make, which I think, is kind of interesting and its related to bringing our ships back and that is our crew members. We recently sent a survey to our entire crew database of around 70,000 employees. And we had 32,000 responses within 12 hours. And subsequently, within a couple of days, we've had 98% of all of our crew respond. And we asked them a couple of questions. We asked them are they planning on returning to work with us. And the unanimous response was yes, we can't wait to come back. We spoke to them about vaccines and the probability that they will be required to be vaccinated to work on the ships. And what did they think about that? 98% of the crew were completely in favor of that. And we also learned that over 4,000 of our crew have already been vaccinated at home. So, that's another important element of return to service is the crew. And I think we are very encouraged by the results of the survey. And it literally was late last week. So, I just wanted to give you that extra information. Thank you. 
