Michael Bayley: It's Michael. Alaska is and has always been a great market for us. It's a high-yielding market, and it performed exceptionally well last year, and it's looking good for this year as well. So we are quite pleased with how Alaska is shaping up. With European sourcing, I think Jason had mentioned earlier that we have the benefit of really a significant global international structure and that really does allow us to balance any geopolitical issues in any one particular market. So I think we're kind of aware that there would be some volatility in the U.K. market with Brexit, and we planned accordingly, and we are hoping we'll move through it quite quickly, but our sourcing has been good out of all of the other international markets. And including the North American market as well by the way, which has been particularly strong.
Michael Bayley: No. I think it's a U.K. story. I was there last week and watched the news pretty much every night, and there is a huge debate raging. Nobody knows what's going to happen. There is quite a lot of sentiment, and I think that's almost inevitable. So I guess, when March passes, hopefully we'll all be in a better position and know what's going to happen.
Michael Bayley: Felicia, it's Michael. Yes, I think when you look at the total portfolio for Royal Caribbean Cruises, I think over 50% of our total capacity is in the Caribbean. When you look at Royal Caribbean International, we have, I think, 13 ships operating in the Caribbean during the year. And then when you look at the deployment of those ships to Perfect Day in 2019, I believe that 10 of the 13 ships are calling into Perfect Day. Our projections are that by 2020, so next year, we will be taking just shy of 2 million guests a year to Perfect Day. So -- and certainly what we've seen in our bookings, not only in the Caribbean, but particularly for those ships that are scheduled to go to Perfect Day has been really quite positive, and we haven't officially opened it yet. So I hope that gives some context and paints a clearer picture for you. And then of course, the other element is the sales associated with the experience in Perfect Day, and we've seen our sales of activities and experiences really take off on our pre-cruise sales for the experience. So we're up by a factor of close to 9, I think, for our Perfect Day sales.
Michael Bayley: It's going to outperform. This is Michael, Greg. We're pleased with China. We've had many conversations over China over time. We've been in the market for 10 years, and we continue development. And as Jason mentioned, '18 performance was significantly improved from '17 and '19 is in a really good book position, and we are feeling quite good about the dynamics there at the moment.
Michael Bayley: So we're not going to go into specific details on price increases by products or market, but I can tell you that overall the China market, I think, I mentioned earlier, we've seen good improvement in '18 over '17, and we are seeing similar improvement now coming through into '19. Of course, we've got the addition of our newest ship, Spectrum of the Seas, that's going into the China market. So we're excited about that and the consumer seems to be excited about the introduction of that new product as well as our trade partners. So things are looking quite good in the China market. Of course, overall, there has been an industry capacity decrease of somewhere in the region of 15%, 20%. So China is in good shape, even though there is quite a lot of negativity in terms of the news that we hear with regards to the trade battle that's occurring, but the consumer seems to be quite confident, and things seem to be relatively good in China. In Perfect Day, I think we mentioned earlier that we've been very pleased with the demand that we've seen coming through on the products that have course into Perfect Day, and that's been a real positive driver of our Caribbean overall health in terms of bookings. And we've also seen really good uptake in terms of the pre-cruise sales of experiences and products on Perfect Day. So both of these really are quite positive.
Michael Bayley: Yes. I mean, there was few elements to our strategy in China. One was the distribution, the other one was adding longer itineraries for the China market itself, ex China, which has proven to be quite successful. And then, of course, the third element that you pointed out is the focus on outbound. It is the world's largest outbound travel market, and things are changing with regard to visa restrictions and group travel and what have you, and we are starting to see an improvement in terms of the number of Chinese guests who are going through our products in Alaska and the Mediterranean and Europe, and we think that's an opportunity, particularly as the brand becomes more and more well known in the China market and as we establish wider, broader, deeper distribution, then it becomes a really good opportunity for us in terms of that outbound growth.
Jason Liberty: And Robin, just to add, just one comment on the U.K. side. I'd mentioned that we've seen volatility. So we have seen volatility, but all in all, it's also been still a very good and strong market for us and the bookings have come in quite well. There's just been more volatility in that market around the new cycle.
Jason Liberty: Sure. Well, firstly, thank you for the nice comment on the '18 results. We're obviously quite happy about it. So one, just talking a little bit about our guide -- first in terms of our philosophy on guidance, nothing has changed here. And again, I would really point to the chart that Richard was commenting on that we put up on the slide in terms of our consistency to forecast our yield and our earnings. But there's lots been going that bring us confidence into that number. So one, this hasn't happened overnight. We've been building this book of business for quite a long period of time. As I commented on, we are in a very strong book position on both a rate and volume basis, and that continues on for several quarters here into the future. The other thing which I'll comment on is that most of our capacity growth for the year is really in the first half of the year. And so that is where we have the greatest visibility in both how we're booking and the amount we have on our books, which further bolsters our confidence into our outlook for the year. That yield growth is not just coming from new hardware. A portion of it is coming from new hardware, but really what's balancing out that, as you commented, 3% to 5% or approximately 4% is really being driven by the improvement in the like-for-like business. So I think when you kind of combine all that together, there is a lot that makes us feel very confident for the year based off of everything that we know today. As it relates to the 2% and 4%, I think really it's -- that's kind of how we've trended over the past several years, which is why that range has kind of been out there. The past couple of years, we've obviously been on the higher end of that range going forward. But we think that moderate yield growth, good cost control and being thoughtful in our investments improve our earnings per share at a very healthy rate and also improves our return on invested capital.
Jason Liberty: Yes. So one, if you back out Silversea, the Port of Miami and CocoCay, our costs are approximately 2%. Certainly there are impacts from having more drydock days in 2019 than we have in 2018, but certainly investments in things like technology, data analytics, et cetera, are weighing more onto our costs, and that's because a lot of these investments or costs are not things that are being capitalized based off of how software providers are selling now into the market. But we do believe and we are very much committed to making sure that we are effectively managing our costs and trying to realize the scale that comes with the growth of our fleet.
Jason Liberty: Well, I think I was talking about specifically on Excalibur, was just the additional cost that it brings. Certainly, as we're rolling Excalibur out, what we're definitely seeing that's very tangible is our net promoter scores, our guest satisfaction is rising quickly as we are very focused in delivering on, taking friction out of the guest experience. That, we believe, is what is leading to higher yields for us, and you'll also see coming online ways in which we think it will be much easier for the customer to be doing business with us, making it easier to buy things from us, especially when they are on the ship, pre-cruise as well as when they're on the ship, that we think is going to deliver a very solid return for Excalibur.
Jason Liberty: We definitely -- well, it's not just the fourth quarter. We have been seeing -- there is a strong relationship to where guest satisfaction scores go up and people pay more both for their ticket as well as onboard. Certainly ships that we put Excalibur on, we are seeing those benefits.
Jason Liberty: Yes. So I'll let Richard comment on his stock purchase, if he would like. But Harry, that's exactly right. I mean, as we had commented before on the last call that the acquisition of Silversea did stress our credit metrics. We are focused on being an investment-grade credit. We are an investment-grade credit, and there are certain metrics, especially debt to EBITDA, that we focus on looking to maintain, which when you make an investment like Silversea can weigh on that a little bit, but as we burn off on some of that debt and our EBITDA gets better here in the short run, there certainly is opportunity to maintain that leverage and provide opportunity in an opportunistic way to buy back shares.
Jason Liberty: There is definitely more headroom in the second half of the year than there is in the first half of the year.
Jason Liberty: So first, just on the seasonality side, what we brought into the fourth quarter were 2 of the probably 4 most highest yielding months for Silversea, especially with August being in that consideration. So that's why it's a little bit more elevated in terms of the impact on the fourth quarter versus the 350 for the full year. I won't sparse out exactly what each one of these things as it relates to our Port of Miami and Perfect Day and Silversea is. Obviously, the vast majority of it is Silversea. What I would say is that the Port of Miami has come online, is doing exceptionally well, the volumes there are building as we will be adding more and more ships to that terminal over time. And obviously, we talked about CocoCay coming online -- or Perfect Day CocoCay, I want to make sure we get the marketing right, coming online in May, and that will ramp up not just in terms of the amenities that we will be offering, but also the number of ships and the volumes of guests that we bring there will be ramping up over time as well.
Jason Liberty: Actually, all three weeks have been very well, have done exceptionally well. It just happens that 2 of the 3, and actually, I think it was the first and the third week were better than the second week. So it's -- I won't read into it that it was the first two. It was actually the first and it was the third. And even if we looked at the second one, it was very close to records that we have seen in the past.
Jason Liberty: Well, I wouldn't -- I'm not quite sure what to say would be the new normal, but this year they are approximately 2%. What I will tell you is that we are committed to managing effectively our costs. We're always highly focused on it, but of course, there are investments that we're making in some things that pressure some of the optics of our metrics like the Perfect Days of the world that have revenues and costs, but don't necessarily have APCDs associated with them that can elevate that metric a little bit. But I won't give you a specific number just to -- hopefully everybody knows that we continue to be very focused on it.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Sure. So one, at the same time that we had announced the Silversea deal, we said it was going to take a few years. A lot of that is tied to the financing for it to be accretive to our overall business. So I won't be specific in terms of the amount because it's really immaterial to our bottom line. The cost synergy effort or just synergies in general are going exceptionally well. The Silversea team is very engaged and very focused on growing the business and making the business as efficient and profitable as it can be. We are, I would say, a little bit ahead of schedule on the cost synergy side, and we do have some of the cost synergies accounted for within our guidance for this year.
Jason Liberty: Yes. That's exactly right. Those ships are not as fuel-efficient or really not even close to being as fuel-efficient as our overall fleet. And obviously, they don't benefit from scale as those ships are sailing with passengers between 100 and 600 passengers on them. So that's what's driving the consumption differential.
Jason Liberty: Yes. I think once we get through this year, and obviously we're also very focused as part of the synergies on trying to employ many of the energy-saving initiatives that we have done on our existing fleet, trying to get some of those opportunities onto the Silversea fleet.
Jason Liberty: Yes. So first, on the WAVE side, I mean, the only market which we did -- we talked about that had a little bit more volatility to it has been the U.K. Outside of that, we have seen a lot of strength and both volume and benefits on the pricing side as well. So it's -- again, I mean, we're still in the early days of WAVE, but at least what we have seen over the past 3 to 4 weeks is a good news story on both the volume and pricing.
Jason Liberty: Yes. So as it relates to the EBITDA, the profitability of it, we are not guiding specifically on these items, but we were comfortable giving how it impacts our yield as well as our cost metrics. I think when you think about, as it goes into 2020, first off, we're into all of these investments for them to be accretive to our business and be high returning and certainly we expect in 2020 there to be more contribution from all 3. The Port of Miami because we'll have more volumes, as Michael commented. On CocoCay, we will have almost 2 million guests going through CocoCay in 2020, and there will be more and more amenities available to those guests on the island. And a lot of our synergies will be implemented through 2020 on Silversea, and Silversea will also take on a new ship in 2020, which will even improve further their scale of their business.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Sure. So first on the 20/20, we did say that we would reach double-digit growth. We didn't say exactly what that double-digit number would be, but as you commented on, we -- the higher end of our guidance is $10 per share, and we'll certainly work as hard as we can to do as well as we possibly can to reach high EPS growth. The ROIC number in general is on track. Obviously, our investment in Silversea weighs on that a little bit, but our other investments have really outperformed, which is allowing us to see our ROIC continue to move north. So I think that's kind of how we see things to continue to evolve. The one comment I would make, just to put something into context, if you look at 2019 and the guide that we've given, if we had the same FX and fuel rates at this time last year, that number would actually be about $0.40 higher than what we're guiding today. And so that is one factor that has changed for us, but trying to project what economic changes there might be going forward, that's not something that we do in our forecasting for the future.
Jason Liberty: No. It was basically -- it was based off of moderate yield growth, good cost control and being measured in our capital investments.
Jason Liberty: Sure. It is higher than what we have seen historically in the past on the like-for-like side. So if we look at just our -- the core, which we're calling out approximately 4%, more than half of that is coming from like-for-like growth and the balance of that is coming from the new hardware.
Jason Liberty: Well, one, it is my job and life to make Carola's life easier. I want to make sure that she has a fruitful afternoon. So I'll leave her for more details, but certainly, as I said, most of our capacity growth for the year will take place in the first half of the year. And as I -- also as I commented, our yield or our cadence for our yield is pretty much the same within certain levels of moderation through the course of the year to consider.
Jason Liberty: That's exactly right. On a total basis, it's the same. On a combined basis, on a gross basis, but also on the core, it's also has a similar cadence to it through the course of the year.
Jason Liberty: Well, I mean, it is -- as you said, it's early days to start thinking about 2020, but I would focus more on the port and CocoCay and even with Silversea. Silversea is going to grow next year. There is going to be more volume coming out of the terminal, and there is going to be more volume coming out of Perfect Day, all of which will have both yield and cost considerations to it in 2020.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Sure. So first just talking on the EU side, which also ties into your comment around Germany. First, on the U.K. piece, we really said that there's just been volatility, but that volatility has certainly stabilized and again the volatility typically happens around the new cycle in the U.K. Broader Europe has actually done quite well. Germany is doing well, typically TUI is also doing well. So we don't comment specifically on TUI's yield guidance or specifically to their profitability. The one thing I would say in '19 is that TUI does take on another ship, which is good for us as it relates to the income that we will get, the equity pickup we will get from TUI. So that will continue to expand our equity pickups. In 2020, they do not have a new ship and so some of that uplift that we've seen now for the past several years will be a little bit lighter. We're more driven off of the margins that they get off of their existing fleet for the next couple of years. And so that's how I would think about those two line items.
Jason Liberty: Yes. So there is lots of elements and attributes that are being added onto the Excalibur platform. One of that will be for us to be able to be -- it will be easier for the customer as we are able to curate and have recommendation engines to allow our guests to more easily book things before they get onto the ship. And as we know in the past, if we can get the consumer to book ahead of the cruise, we also are able to get them to also spend when they're on the ship. So those capabilities will be coming online through the course of 2019, but I would expect more of a full year impact impacting us in 2020.
Jason Liberty: Yes. So as it relates to onetime, I think the only thing that I would call out, because there is nothing really relating to CocoCay or Perfect Day, that is onetime. As we announced many, many months ago when we bought Silversea, we announced Project Invictus, which was really to help modernize their ships. And so they do have more -- they had more drydock activity in the fourth quarter of '18 and of course since it's on a quarter lag, that is inflating our cost metric a little bit in the first quarter, which is why that's -- the highest cost quarter for us on a gross level. I would say that on the Perfect Day side, just to quickly comment, we will -- it is obviously a major focus of ours. We want to get this thing launched, understand how the consumer takes to that and then consider whether or not there are future opportunities for us to consider.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Sure. So as it relates to our guidance on the fuel side, obviously, we are about 58% hedged for the year and then when you look it as it relates to fuel price, we forecast based off of what fuel prices are today. We don't speculate or pivot off of the forward curve.
Jason Liberty: That's exactly right. That's right. Thank you for your assistance, James, with the call today. And we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Carola will be available for any follow up you might have, and I wish you and we wish you all a very great day.
