Jason Liberty: That's right. That's right. But that's exactly right. There's definitely been some real hits this year as it relates to those three elements that you pointed out which are also relatively accurate to what the impact has been for this year. So, if we didn't have Cuba if we didn't have the Grand Bahama incident, and certainly FX in the fuel, we would be talking to a better number that would be at the low to mid-$10 ranges.
Jason Liberty: Those impacts are pretty consistent on the yield side as well as on the cost side. Now, of course, when we talk about Perfect Day, we're really specific about the on-island activities. And clearly the strength that we're seeing on the ticket yield side is well ahead of what we could have even imagined. It would be in terms of demand which is also bolstering either strong commentary that we have as it relates to the strength for our business in the Caribbean.
Jason Liberty: And Steve just to kind of add on to it, especially as it relates to Perfect Day; one we launched Perfect Day in the middle of the second quarter and of course, there's a ramp-up to that island. And so we also plan to take a lot more guests next year in Q2 and Q3 and Q4 to Perfect Day. And so I think just the general comments that we have around the back half of this year and also my comments on 2020 are generally saying that we continue to see very strong demand trends for the Caribbean.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Sure. Just kind of focusing on the back half of the year thinking of the strength that we're seeing is coming from two elements; so, about half of it is being driven by better ticket; and half of it is being driven by better-than-expected onboard. And on the onboard side it's more of the experiential type of activities which would also include Perfect Day. But on the ticket side, there's really -- all of our core products are seeing very strong demand. And so they're either in line with our expectations or they're doing better. And the two areas that are doing better which I had in my remarks has been the Caribbean and has been China. And those are two areas where we've seen an acceleration in demand.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Sure. So also what I had commented on was that over the past several -- or really the past two months we've seen much better trends and consistent trends from Europe and also for the U.K. But, of course, because there was some volatility going through WAVE and then going into early second quarter, we recognized much better -- for stronger demand trends coming from North America for European sailings. And as you've pointed out we've got this global very diverse footprint that is supported by yield management tools and systems and people that manages demand globally. And so when we see better demand trends form one market versus another, we shift our sourcing there. And so Europe is in a very good shape and as it relates to the products -- and as I said these demand trends from Europe have now been stabilized, but we've seen increases in their booking activity over the past couple of months.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Robin. So on the Cuba front, as you pointed out, yes, there's a few things that come with an abrupt change in an itinerary. So one, as you mentioned was compensation. The second is that of course, you have guests that cancel and of course say an itinerary like Cuba, it's not like just a change in the Caribbean itinerary. This is a itinerary that people specifically had signed up to go and visit. So certainly, that had its financial and operational impacts for this year. As Michael commented, one of those ships is going to go to Perfect Day. And of course, demand for going to Perfect Day is exceptional. And so I think we expect that ship to do well. And the other ship was also on a very good deployment for next year. So we certainly don't expect that $0.30 impact that we've experienced this year to kind of settle in at the long-term. And I don't know if the answer is going to be half of it or better than half of it. But I know Michael and his team and Larry on the Azamara team and the Silversea team that are having impacts from Cuba have put action plans in to try to recover as much of that as possible.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Sure. And I think it is mainly rounding there's a little bit as we ordered Icon 3 that plays into that number. And then of course, your announcement on Holistica and so forth in some of our planning in terms of investments in the coming years.
Jason Liberty: And Greg, just to add. Really, over the past several years and you've heard us talk about this we've talked about this also in our Investor Day. But as the consumer trends and demographic trends point more towards experience in travel and multigenerational and really kind of spans the products that we offer, you combine that with the innovations that we talked about, whether it's Perfect Day at CocoCay or the modernization or the new ships. And then you have just perception of cruising has really accelerated. And all of these things are leading to a real change in mix where there is much more new-to-cruise as a percent of our mix than we have experienced really in decades. And that is because of all these different things in which we're doing and the industry is doing to attract new and fresh demand.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. Sure Jared. And I try to address it in my remarks probably I'll try to be a little more specific about it. So our load factors for next year are, I mean very slightly down year-over-year, which is really what you would expect and what we do expect because of two things, one of which is we have more short products on next year and that short product is closer in booking product, so that would be one thing; and second is we just redeployed the Cuba ships and so you're somewhat kind of starting over again on those ships. And so that had a little bit of an impact on our load factor. But what I also said was that our pricing was nicely up. And that includes no longer having a high yielding Cuba as part of that mix. And so we are quite encouraged about the booking environment for 2020 whether it's the booking volumes, whether it's the pricing that we're seeing and the load factor change is what we very much expected it would be. And, of course, as we've talked about in the past if we would like to, we could have that load factor be higher. But we are always trying to optimize and maximize our revenue.
Jason Liberty: Yeah sure. So I'll talk about the fuel first and then I'll talk about stock repo for a second. On the fuel side that's -- what you said was exactly right. If you look at our fuel mix as it relates to our hedging program, we are indexed higher to MGO relative to our historical mix. And now we've also talked about in the past that our expectations is generally the mix of fuel that we burn today. IFO versus MGO should remain more or less the same because of our investments and great execution of implementing our AEP systems on the ships, which will allow us to continue to burn the higher sulfur IFO fuel. And so I would -- I think that's how we set our hedge portfolio for next year. As it relates on the stock repo side, as we said we're going to do it opportunistically and also to kind of make sure that we're in line with our credit metrics of 3 to 3.5 times and we certainly get to that location here in the back half of the year. And so we will be looking at that as we always have opportunistically.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Sure. So, first as it relates to 2020, I'm not going to start kind of breaking this down by region or by market in any way. But I think as Richard pointed out which I think is really the case is, each year we talk about how strong the demand environment is as we look into the future year and it ends up being that or better. And as we look at 2019 which is another very strong year as I talked about in my remarks, if you kind of strip out the Perfect Day's and the part of Miami in Silverseas in Cuba 5-plus percent yield improvement on a pretty larger capacity growth year. Those trends that we have seen this year are very much what we're seeing as we're going into 2020. And so I'll kind of leave it there versus -- I'm not going to get into the different markets and the products at this time because it is too early for us to provide specific commentary there. Germany a very small percentage of our overall capacity for our consolidating brands, obviously most of our sourcing for TUI is for TUI cruises. TUI cruises is having another very strong year. The demand for that product even though there's been, I know some reports about concerns around Germany in terms of demand that is not really hitting TUI cruises at least to-date, it's not.
Jason Liberty: And Harry just to kind to Michael's comments, you obviously enhancing the guest experience is kind of a key tenet for us. But also obviously, it's improving shareholder returns. And going into these investments obviously our goal here is to be investing in ways that are improving our return on invested capital and from that improving our shareholder returns. So these are pretty high bar projects. And as we've talked about Perfect Day is doing exceptionally well and exceeding, I think those lofty profiles for returns.
Jason Liberty: Well I'm not going to start breaking down our book status by each quarter. But the commentary that I would say, the bullishness that we have about the booking environment certainly relates to Q1 and Q2 of next year on which we have a much better visibility into. And I think it's -- for those that are always concerned on the capacity side, I would just I would remind everybody that next year, our capacity is up only about 4% versus this year our capacity was 8%. And if you normalize for Silversea it was a little bit over 6%. And so we feel very good about the book position and we feel very good about what the next four quarter looks like, we feel very good about the next six quarters look like at this point.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. Well, I haven't memorized -- or I've lost the data points from five to seven years ago. But what I do know for a fact is that we are in a much stronger book position on a volume or as a percent of our future revenue than we were five to seven years ago. Each year we've talked about being booked ahead and at higher load factors and rates. And so as a book percentage, especially over the next 12 to 18 months we're in a very strong book position.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. Sure. So, I'll start off by -- Sharon, by saying as it relates to the R word or recession obviously a lot of our plans and we have many scenarios that we would consider depending on what type of a situation that we were in. But, of course, I think we should all remind everybody and this was somewhat in our remarks, in Richard's remarks is we now operate a very kind of global and diverse business that sources guests obviously from different parts of the world, but also on different segments. We also have itineraries that go to a thousand different places. So what's available to our guest is much more diverse than -- and I would say it's unfortunate that we're still quite a value relative to land-based vacations that we of course we keep trying to close. We also have a much stronger balance sheet, much stronger liquidity position. And I think we would evaluate our sets of plans in case there was a change in the wins. But as you had pointed out and as we've talked about here on the call, we are not seeing any of those changes whether it's in our booking -- our daily bookings or whether it's the onboard trading activities as guests are spending with us each and every day.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. There is definitely regret that we have in terms of our pullback on our growth. We would all be talking about higher earnings numbers today, better return profile today, if we hadn't slowed down our growth or our investment efforts in expanding our global footprint, investing in different projects that would have put us in an even stronger position than we are today.
Jason Liberty: Great. Well, with that I'll ask the operator -- I'm sorry -- thank you for your assistance today in the call and we thank you all for participating and the interest you have in the company. We would be available all day for follow-ups that you might have -- actually if you have more specific -- you need to ask Carola if you have any follow-ups today. And we wish you all a very great day.
Michael Bayley: Steve its Michael, I'll jump in here. On the two ships that we had going to Cuba for 2020, we just opened them up and, of course, one of those ships is going to Perfect Day. So, the demand as Jason had mentioned for Perfect Day has been -- really it's exceeded our expectations and our expectations were pretty high. So, we're kind of pleased with what we're seeing for 2020 in the Perfect Day. It's a key driver for the Caribbean performance. And the ships that we dropped out of Cuba, we're feeling pretty good about how that's performing. I mean its early days, yes, that's we've said.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Greg, it's Michael. In total, in 2019 and through into 2020 11 of the Royal Caribbean ships will be going to Perfect Day at CocoCay. So you can imagine the amount of -- the volume that we're taking to Perfect Day has gone up by a factor of about four and we were already taking a lot of guests to CocoCay before we underwent all of this work and changed the whole experience. It's also a key component of our shore strategy that we introduced a couple of years ago. If you may recall, we put Mariner Navigator Independence through Royal Amplified and we completely changed the product offering in the shorts market and literally put the biggest best ships in that short market, which is about 20-something percent of the entire American cruise market. So we already started to see demand increasing for those products, because they are truly great products. When you combine that with Perfect Day, we've seen a real uptick. Since we opened Perfect Day and people have begun to experience it, I think to date we've taken maybe 350,000 people to Perfect Day since we opened. It's now rated the number one resort globally for Royal Caribbean. It's knocking it out of the park in terms of truly delivering a phenomenal day. The guest satisfaction is extremely high. And so the demand that we're seeing is coming from all segments. It competes very well with Orlando. It's got a truly wonderful day both thrill and chill and it is also driving new-to-cruise, because approximately 40% of the short market is new-to-cruise. So it's really ticked the box across all of these different dimensions. And in terms of the demand that we're seeing since we've opened and people beginning to understand what kind of experience this is, we're seeing both significant increase in volume and of course that's driving rate.
Michael Bayley: And just add to that Greg, I think Carola is trying to organize an investor trip in November to Perfect Day. Hopefully, you'll get an opportunity to come and see it, because when you've seen it and experienced it, you're going to truly understand what a game-changer this product and experience is.
Michael Bayley: Yeah. Hi, Jaime it's Michael. Yes Spectrum's launch was really good. It was a great event. We've got massive coverage. Demand for the product has been very strong. We've made great progress with the evolution of the distribution channels and we're feeling pretty good about where we currently are in the journey that we're on. The product has been exceptionally well received. We've got a very -- I'd say a fairly significant price gap between competitors and the market. And we've seen a real uptick in the onboard revenue. I think we've got the right product and we're attracting the right demographics. And we're seeing that with the onboard spend. So I would say we're certainly seeing a recovery from a couple years ago. We're feeling good about Spectrum. We're feeling good about China.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Tim. I think as Richard had previously stated obviously destination and destination development is now really at the center of our forward-looking strategy. And we've really started to mobilize behind that both with Holistica which of course we announced a month or so ago. And we're now deeply engaged in multiple possible opportunities and particularly the one in Freeport that where the team is working on currently. With regards to Perfect Day, I think we've been genuinely delighted with the demand that we're seeing for Perfect Day and the experience that we're delivering is really at a high level. So I think it's fair to say that we're seeking further opportunities in this space. And when we're ready to make announcements, we'll be happy to let you know.
Michael Bayley: Harry, it's really difficult to answer those questions in a detailed way. I think it's pretty obvious that -- and I think we've kind of -- we stated this now at several times, we're generally delighted with the performance of Perfect Day and the response has been outstanding. We feel as if it's going to be a key driver of our future growth. It's certainly demonstrating that to-date with demand from all markets. I think we will pursue opportunities and when we're ready to make announcements we'll be happy to make those announcements. But we're really pleased. I think this idea of really curated outstanding destination experiences that can manage volume for Royal Caribbean is a direction that we're heading in.
Richard Fain: Felicia, it’s Richard here. And then just to add on to that. You asked for some color on how it's looking going forward. And you recall very well in -- first of all, we never give real guidance for the coming year this early in the process. So, we're doing what we normally do. But if you recall back to 2016, we thought the end of that year and the beginning of 2017, we're unusually good and we might never see such a strong forward picture again. In the year later, we were looking at an even stronger 2017 and then an even stronger 2018 and the same thing happened last year. Now, when we're looking forward, we are -- from a color point of view, we are feeling the strength of the market. The Caribbean and the ability to not only handle the situation in Cuba but essentially the rest of the Caribbean absorbed that without a lot of difficulty. It's really unusual that you continue to see such a positive forward perspective as we're seeing in the market just in terms of general tone and color.
Richard Fain: So it's Richard and the Excalibur rollout has been excellent. It's now -- our objective was to get at/or close to across almost all of our fleet before the end of this year and that continues to be on track. The -- it's really worked out very well for doing two things: It improves the experience to our guests, it makes it easier to board, it makes it easier to do what you want; most importantly it really simplifies the process. When we started this kind of technology process Lisa talked about giving people back the first day of their vacation, because they didn't have to spend that time to orchestrate themselves. And with the approximately, with the photo recognition, you're going from a lengthy process to essentially no process. That helps improve the experience and then that, of course, helps us with our ticket sales. But it also helps our onboard revenue because it makes it easier for people to get to the experiences, to do the activities that they want to do. It makes it easier for them to do so in advance and people who book in advance tend to spend more onboard when they get there. So it's been a home run for us. The Excalibur team has been exceptional and really put together something that people really like. And we're building on it. So what you see so far is really a platform that you can build on. And so we didn't talk about it, we have so much to talk about, so we always have to make choices.
Richard Fain: Harry, I also have to remind you and the others, as we've said a number of times on the call, we decide how much we want to be booked. And there are times when we say for various reasons it ought to be more or less. That's -- to some extent we can drive that number. And I think that the focus on it is it 0.5% more or less than last year? Is -- actually could lead you down the wrong path, because that is something we choose what it should be. The fact is that over the last number of years then -- by the way, I recall on one of these calls several years ago saying we're more booked now than we have been before and I don't think it will wane. I think next year you'll see it to go down, because I think next year we'll want it to be less. And in fact, I was wrong and our revenue management people decided that we could absorb the -- taking more in the beginning. So, I just want to give you a caution that being booked more isn't, per se automatically say the market is stronger, it's much -- it's oftentimes it's just our revenue management people think given the kinds of cruises we offer and the kind of booking patterns that we're seeing that that's a choice we make.
