Adam M. Goldstein:: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. As Brian and Richard have both noted, strongly, bookings bolstered our third quarter performance and we are gratified to have exceeded our expectations of 3 months ago. Although this has been a challenging year, Royal Caribbean International continues to build a leadership position in all major cruise regions of the world. Our clear goal over the next 2 years is to leverage our increasing global presence and our slightly reduced capacity to improve yields. Our program of ship revitalization remains very active and in upcoming months will encompass Enchantment of the Seas, Serenade of the Seas, Legend of the Seas and Brilliance of the Seas. By fall 2013, all but 1 of the 10 ships in either the Vision class or the Radiance class will have been revitalized, strengthening the guest offering and the competitiveness of approximately 30% of our fleet capacity. We are now halfway through our 4-year hiatus in new builds from Allure of the Seas to the first Sunshine ship. We are still a little ways away from disclosing any of the specific features or amenities of Sunshine, but we are excited about our next class of ships and very much look forward to talking about Sunshine in more detail when the time comes next year. As you are all aware, several months ago, Michael Bayley left his position overseeing Royal Caribbean International's operation to replace Dan Hanrahan as President and CEO of Celebrity Cruises. The company immediately tapped into the talent development and succession planning work we have engaged in over last few years to fill internally the senior positions that came open as a consequence of Michael's promotion. This occurred both within and across the branded organization. As we move forward, we are very fortunate to have such an array of talents. In closing, I would like to call attention once more to the steadfast support we and the industry have received throughout 2012 from the travel agency distribution system. Travel agents around the world continue to believe in the vacations we delivered to their clients, continue to train and educate themselves on our products and services and continue to communicate the fantastic value that our cruises represent in these economically challenged times. We sincerely appreciate their support. Brian? [p id="21752398" name="Brian Rice" type="E" /> Thank you, Adam. We'll now open the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Sabrina, we are ready for questions.
Adam M. Goldstein:: Thanks, Brian. Yes, Felicia, one of the things that I can comment about as far as the European season that just ended without at first knowing what -- exactly what its implications are for next year is that we really were interestingly successful in attracting guests from all over the world to our European cruises. In other words, one of the ways in which we were able to respond and achieve load factor in a difficult European trading season in 2012 was not only by working hard marketing-wise in Europe and trying to attract North Americans to go to Europe, but we also had a fair amount of success getting people from Latin America and Asia to go to Europe to take those cruises. So it really was a global response to the challenges of Europe. On the capacity side, for next year, we continue to grow in Northern Europe. But I think overall, we're down about 10% as a company, '13 over '12, with a relatively larger decline in the Western Mediterranean cruises and a little bit less in the East [ph].
Adam M. Goldstein:: Tim, it's Adam. Given -- first of all, given that a lot of our capacity in Q3 was in Europe, then clearly Europe contributed to the OBR performance. It also, I should say, was manifested in both of our big brands, Royal Caribbean and Celebrity. Both had relatively strong [ph] revenue performance. And it varied -- in terms of the revenue streams, it varied quite a bit from brand to brand, ship to ship and region to region. But I would say on an overall basis, we saw some strength in gaming, in retail and in short cruises.
Adam M. Goldstein:: Well, we got, Tim, obviously fuel efficiencies coming from the new ships coming in. All the ships that have been coming into the Celebrity brand and the Solstice Class are wonderfully fuel-efficient ships. In terms of geography, as our ships continue to shift around the world, looking at 2013, there might be very slight upward pressure in terms of the itineraries on our overall fuel consumption. But I think in general, you can say we're in a fairly stable environment.
Adam M. Goldstein:: Assia, it's Adam. I don't think it's fair to comment on one specific competitor. We had a tough season in Europe this year. We talked about it from a number of perspectives. Our capacity as a company in Europe is down 10% for next year. Europe is still, even with its macroeconomic challenges, a huge holiday market, bigger than the United States and full of destinations to bring people to and attractive to customers from all over the world. So our sense is that Europe will remain very interesting to us and to the industry as a cruise market in the years forward. And there will probably be a number of brands leading the way and hopefully, our brands will be foremost among them.
Adam M. Goldstein:: Right. So about 1/4 of the customers on our European cruises came from North America. I had talked on earlier calls about our desire and intention to try to attract more North Americans to go to Europe, given the issues that were occurring in Europe that were affecting Europeans. When we look back at the season that just ended, what actually happened was that we attracted about the number of North Americans that we had originally expected to attract, but we attracted more people from Latin America and Asia, as I mentioned earlier. That kind of filled in the gap. We had -- so in summary, we thought that North Americans would help fill in the gap, but in the end, people from elsewhere in the world helped fill in the gap that occurred from Europe itself.
Adam M. Goldstein:: Right. So we had fewer Europeans in the end when the season was said and done than we expected to have at the beginning. That's not surprising. We still were able to source predominately Europeans for the cruises. I'm just talking about what happened on the margin. It was interesting and I think a positive development for our global footprint that we were able to attract people from all over the world to go on those cruises.
Adam M. Goldstein:: Okay. Brian, obviously, we're far away from particularly the next European season and definitely not in a position to comment on that. We can really just look backwards and ask ourselves, "What lessons did we learn from the most unusual season that we just had?" Obviously, there's a relationship between supply and demand and pricing. I think as Brian said with respect to the booking curve, I don't think we're looking at structural change going forward. It seems reasonably clear that 2012 was anomalous. It's likely to have been anomalous for good reason. But if you look back at what we did, we -- after the incident in January, at the beginning, we didn't know exactly what kind of situation we were facing. We probably held on to our pricing in Europe for a little bit longer than, in hindsight, we should have done. And the market turned out to be in a deeper trough than we would have liked, and we ended up doing more discounting in 2012 in Europe than we would have liked. That's been very clear all throughout the year on these calls and in our numbers. But I don't think we've seen anything that changes the long-term fundamentals of supply and demand and price. And, if anything, the continued investments that we're making in our revenue management tools should be very helpful to us going forward.
Adam M. Goldstein:: Yes, Ian, the approximate percentage of our business that is coming directly to us and not through an intermediary, is high-teens to 20%. And therefore, travel agents clearly are playing a vital role in our success, in our growth and in our ability to reach consumers around the world and we'll continue to do that for the foreseeable future.
Adam M. Goldstein:: The Internet has a small role that it plays in our business for booking. But the much, much more important role of the Internet in our world is for information both for travel agents and consumers, which actually improves the travel agent consumer discussion because the consumers are able to be more educated when they enter into those conversations.
Richard D. Fain:: Greg, I think what we're hoping for, and we're certainly seeing in the numbers, is a much more normalized year. And I think we obviously had a very soft wave season and kind of fell back. As you may recall, we did say, back in January, that when we put together our operating plans at the end of the fourth quarter of 2011 we were anticipating kind of mid-single digit yield improvement. And as I recall, we came out with a range of -- I think it was 2% to 5% when we did the January call. So we obviously felt quite a big hit from that. We're -- it -- all signs right now point toward a more normal year. And as you stated, the comparables clearly become a lot easier beginning the second week in January.
Richard D. Fain:: Well, it's tough to say. We did say back in January that we were -- we talked in the range of around 200 basis points. I just actually pulled out a sheet. And the midpoint of our guidance in February was 3%. We raised that in April mainly due to the tour company. And then as we started to see Europe deteriorated, we actually lowered the guidance back by 100 basis points. And today, we've effectively raised it back to the original forecast of around 3%. Difficult for us to really pinpoint how much of that was due to the incident, how much of that was due to a softer European economy.
Richard D. Fain:: I don't think we quite think of it in those terms. And it's always difficult because as you know, Steve, the -- 1 ship is not a smooth curve as it ends up being a step curve. I think we are looking at a slower pace than we've had in the past. I think I would have described our thoughts in that range as being more we're looking at a percentage increase. And of course, sometimes we'll do larger ships, sometimes smaller ships. But I don't think we have set a specific number. Obviously, we internally look at some stakes in the ground as to what we might do. But I think the other thing is we're fairly cautious. We don't usually announce ships. Actually, historically, we haven't announced ships until we're -- we've actually signed for them. And I think this was actually slightly unusual because we're so close, and we thought it was appropriate to get this word out as to where we were heading. But no, we don't have a specific in terms of number of ships. We're probably looking at a pace slower than we've seen. And the other thing, I guess, is obviously depends on where the return opportunity comes. Our criteria is we are really -- our real focus is getting our return to our shareholders up. And we think that when we can get a ship at a good price, we may be a little bit more opportunistic or a good opportunity, I think that's the approach. So no, we don't have a specific number that we are shooting for.
Richard D. Fain:: Yes on the -- we don't specify a threshold. Obviously, we think, as you pointed out, that with the lower per-berth costs, that helps. Otherwise, I think we would expect comparable kinds of operating performance from it. I think we -- 1 year or 2 ago, I think I thought 2 ships in this category would probably be the right number. But I think they have simply continued to perform so well, and it's shown such solid performance that I think that overcame our reservations.
Richard D. Fain:: Actually it's -- ordering a ship is a very complex process and there are a lot of considerations, including what plans you -- physical drawings you already have and what's your availability of berths is, et cetera. And we are in the midst of a negotiation, and it's not final. So I hope you'll understand if I'm a little cautious about commenting. I think we have an unusual ship in the Oasis category. And it's not an easy vessel to understand and to build, but I think we are working towards the best deal we can. And I think I'm afraid I won't say much more than that on this.
Richard D. Fain:: And Erik, I don't recall actually your comment about the $3 or any other specific number. But I think we normally don't give guidance and give more harder numbers until we begin to see the wave period start. And as we said earlier in this call, a big uncertainty and a big factor in how the year progresses is really the third quarter because the European summer is so important to our overall results. And because with the economic situation in Europe, we have more uncertainty about how that part of the year will come together than other parts. And that's been a consistent pattern that we've had for many years. So I think we would Adam -- sorry, Brian has pointed out the key variables. But I think we would wait until we begin to see the wave period and that gives us a little better indication of how the year is developing.
Richard D. Fain:: You're right. We didn't talk about it specifically. Again, we have followed a pattern normally of not talking about things till we actually confirm them. But you are correct. There is an option for a second BlueMotion vessel in Finland, which expires on October 31. And I don't think we would -- I think consistent with our past practice, we wouldn't comment on that. But we would -- as I say, the only reason we're talking about the Oasis -- the potential Oasis order is because we are so close. That is something that's actually been in the press and we just felt given all the circumstances, we should deviate slightly from our normal practice and -- because we are so close.
Richard D. Fain:: But I think we can also say, as I think we said on the last call when that question -- similar question was raised, although then it wasn't 5 days away, it was 3 months away. TUI continues to perform very well. TUI Cruises has just had a very strong performance, both in terms of guest satisfaction and in terms of results. And so we're certainly happy about the BlueMotion 1 order that we have. And you can draw whatever conclusions you wish about BlueMotion 2 5 days in advance.
Richard D. Fain:: I'll answer the first part of that then I'll ask Adam to address the second. Although I'm glad you pointed it out because the travel agents are so key to our business. I think it's appropriate for us to continue to express our appreciation for what they do for us everyday. On the numbers, as I said -- as you pointed out, I said that we focus more on percentages rather than individual ships. But I also would like to emphasize that we look opportunistically for what's happening in the market, both the market for ships and the market for the product that we are using those ships. And so we do not have a threshold number that we're looking for x percent. We are clearly looking for lower percentage increases than we have historically. But we -- we are not in a position to quantify that more specifically. I think I'll ask Adam to answer the other question.
Richard D. Fain:: No. As we -- as the new ships slow down, there is less CapEx. Those are the big -- by far, the biggest expenditure. There'd be a slight bump up assuming we complete the Oasis order for the installment payments, et cetera. The other big items beyond just sort of normal sort of continuing stuff is the IT revitalization and the revitalizations of the vessels, which is something that we've been doing. And actually is quite -- we're quite excited about, so I'm glad you gave me an opportunity to talk about it. So we're using coined words for them. We are Solsticizing the older ships and Oasis-izing the older ships. I didn't say the words are easy to pronounce. And so those allow us to take some of the new, exciting features from the new ships and bring them to the old. But those are the other big expenditures. And then the numbers that we've given you, incorporate all of those expected expenditures as of today, except Oasis -- the new potential order for Oasis and the BlueMotion 2 vessel is not part of -- because it's not consolidated, would not be included in those numbers.
Brian J. Rice:: Felicia, as it relates to the third quarter, particularly Europe as you mentioned, it's very, very early, and you can see on the graph that there's not a substantial amount of business booked. I can comment on a couple of ways. We are seeing a much more normalized booking curve from the North American market. Europe, in particular Southern Europe, has had a contracted booking curve. Northern Europe has actually had a pretty normal booking curve as we look out. So it's kind of hard to comment on a market-by-market basis. I can tell you overall that Europe is shaping up reasonably well, particularly compared to what will become easier comps. At this point in time, our APDs are running better than they were a year ago but load factors are slightly behind. I think it's way too early to make a call on Europe. And fortunately, and I think Adam can build on this, we have brands that have the flexibility to be able to source from different markets.
Brian J. Rice:: Felicia, I'll give you the breakout. Of the 27% that is Europe, the Western Med is 13%, the Eastern Med is 8%, and the Northern Europe is 6%. The Western Med is declining by 20%. The Eastern Med, which we had taken some down in 2012, as you may recall, was down another 9%. And the Baltic is up 28%.
Brian J. Rice:: Actually, I think it was pretty much across the board. We've been very focused on spend and it's a little bit here and a little bit there. I don't there's any one particular area that we would call out. I do -- we, as I mentioned, we have shifted some marketing that we expect to spend more in the fourth quarter.
Brian J. Rice:: Steve, our revenue management group watches this. As you would probably appreciate at a very granular level. They're looking by market, by booking month, by itinerary, where the pockets of demand came from. You tend to -- I think when you have a strong close-in booking market, it tends to manifest itself more in the third quarter. And I think in this case, it was more the pricing leverage that we were able to realize that I think we were a little bit skeptical given the environment in Europe, in particular that we were going to benefit from that. North America is a fairly normalized booking window right now. So I don't think we're looking at a fundamental new dynamic that we have to learn to operate in. Europe, particularly Southern Europe -- it's really isolated to Southern Europe is a much more close-in booking market. But frankly, it's always been a reasonably close-in booking market. And I think one of the things our revenue management models and our analysts do a real good job of is as we're dealt a hand, we learn to play that hand fairly quickly. And I don't view this as the new environment that we're going to have to deal with, a new structure, if you will.
Brian J. Rice:: Sharon, your first instincts were correct. We're not ready to give guidance quite yet. We're working through our plans with various the brands over the next month or so. I will tell you there are -- I think, hopefully, we've demonstrated over last few years that we are very focused on costs. There are a couple of areas that we're watching right now. I think we've talked about on the capital side that we are investing in IT and trying to upgrade a lot of our systems, both shoreside and shipboard. Not all of those expenses are capitalized, so we may feel some pressure there. I think we are looking at some modest increases in insurance, but I think they'll be manageable. We do have a number of revites [ph], as Adam alluded to, over the next year, and there are costs that hit the P&L that come from there. And we're still evaluating things like food, inflation and freight, whatnot. So there are some pockets of pressure but, again, I think we have a pretty disciplined environment here that, hopefully, we can help keep this to a minimum.
Brian J. Rice:: Erik, I think we're clearly not prepared to give an EPS guidance for next year. We're even obviously reluctant to talk too specifically about where yields are headed. I think there's a lot of unknown. Europe, we got through this quarter pretty nicely, but Europe is still a very large unknown next year. And as you can see on the graphs we showed, we still have a whole lot of inventory to sell. And 25% of our revenue comes from onboard and we haven't had the first voyage in 2013 yet. So clearly, revenue is the #1 item that we watch on for where we think our performance might be for next year. Fuel is obviously the other -- the second most variable item that is out there. And I think in most of the analyst models that we see out there, those are the 2 that are going to drive the EPS most, the variability.
Brian J. Rice:: We -- well, I mentioned in my opening comments that our order book for 2013 is better today. The percentage of our inventory sold is better for 2013 than it's been in any year since 2008. So it is the best visibility we've had since the financial crisis. I think we're still slightly below where we would have been before the financial crisis. The booking windows in most markets, as I mentioned, seems to be normalizing with the exception of Southern Europe at this point.
Brian J. Rice:: Well, the revision from the April guidance -- I'm sorry, the July guidance that we gave is really driven by the third quarter performance, which we commented was pretty much across all the major itinerary groups. And it was just strength in the close-in demand. I mentioned in my comments that we had taken a slight haircut on the constant currency in the fourth quarter, with the largest single issue being that one voyage over in Asia. So I don't think there has been a tremendous amount of change since we gave the July guidance, other than Q3 came in stronger than we thought pretty much across the board.
Brian J. Rice:: On a constant-currency basis, it's really being driven by third quarter better onboard revenue, better ticket revenue. There's really nothing more, nothing less to it than that. Asia did well in the third quarter, but so did our other itineraries relative to our July guidance.
Brian J. Rice:: Robin, if I can just also just mention, with TUI, that's not a consolidated entity. We view that as less impactful in terms of our individual performance.
Brian J. Rice:: I just -- our contribution of the progress payments for BlueMotion are in our disclosures, but just our part.
Brian J. Rice:: There was a onetime charge in the third quarter of about $7.5 million because we bought the bonds back at a premium to par. I think the run rate on a quarterly basis going forward is just about $2 million of benefit from what we bought down.  With that, we'll thank everybody for joining us today. If you have any follow-up questions, Ian will be around to take your calls. And we appreciate you joining us today and wish you a great day. Thank you.
