Brian Rice: As it relates to other revenue, it really is related to Pullmantur's Tour division. We did see a little bit lower sales in the second quarter. As you alluded to, onboard revenue was up in the quarter modestly, not nearly as much as 7.1% increase we saw in ticket revenue. As we've mentioned before, Pullmantur is really focused on increasing their profitability. They've spent a lot of time looking at the Tour division. And the products that provide lower margins, they've been weeding out. There was a little bit of noise in the second quarter as well. Pullmantur does tours into the Dominican Republic. And as you can imagine, there wasn't a lot of demand given what was going on in Haiti in the second quarter. But the numbers were small. It doesn't take a lot to throw our metrics off when you're looking at only one quarter. So it was pretty isolated. In terms of Spain in general, I'll ask Richard to comment on that.
Brian Rice: Robin, I'll ask Ian to reconcile that and follow up with you. I don't have the answer in front of me. I think it's probably mainly related to dry dock and then maybe the Mercury. But we'll reconcile that for you and certainly get an answer for you.
Brian Rice: Well, on the second part, I think there's a little bit of confusion. And unfortunately, there's been so much activity with currency. Frankly, we haven't had to focus on it that much, but as we've expanded globally and -- during the second quarter, the euro was down about 7% on average for us from where we had it pegged at the end of the first quarter when we provided our guidance. The sterling was down right -- just over 3%. And I think the Canadian dollar was actually slightly favorable. The numbers that we've provided in terms of as-reported and Constant Currency are really relative to '09. And unfortunately, the reconciliation that you're asking for is from the time we've provided guidance up until we've produced our results. And what we've tried to allude to, the fact is that business itself was actually spot on our forecast. As it relates to your second question, we -- as you saw on the booking window chart, the window is expanding. So we do have higher load factors in the second half. Pricing is up a bit. There's still a lot of revenue to be booked. But in percentage terms we're better off this time this year than we were at the same time last year. I think one of the things -- probably the best place to look to, to try to get a sense of what's going on, is really the customer deposit line. I think it gives you some insight in terms of what we're seeing the back half of this year and into 2011 as '12.
Brian Rice: Felicia, I did, in my prepared remarks, comment on how much of it was timing. It's about 100 basis points in the second quarter, which was due to maintenance and marketing expense shift, just timing there. The cost x fuel, we actually -- we had three good guys [ph] (00:34:11) for the full year guidance. We are looking at benefit from lower fuel costs with the 3% lower consumption. We're benefiting, I think I said about 100 basis points on the FX. And we actually do have some costs that will fall to the bottom line full year. I think we're probably looking at around $0.05 of benefit from just absolute lower costs. So hopefully, that helps you.
Brian Rice: I just -- I want to be careful to -- I think as Richard has said in the past, if it weren't for last year, we would be miserable this year.
Brian Rice: Okay. I just -- I like to say steady, stable, consistent. And Ian and I can't say that enough, that we're not seeing the type of volatility that you're seeing in the stock markets and over in Europe. But I'll let Adam comment about the competition.
Brian Rice: I think I'd be careful using the word permanent. We're very fortunate right now that we're in a very low inflationary period, and that's enabling us to work hard. We've benefited a lot from the efficiencies of the newer vessels. I think we've demonstrated for the last couple of years the management team is very focused on costs. We -- I don't think you're going to see the sort of 7% reductions that you saw last year, but we are going to continue to try to operate below the rate of inflation and continue to operate outstanding products. But I think we've been fairly consistent now for the last couple of years in trying to deliver the type of cost guidance we've been providing.
Brian Rice: Clearly, we need to do a better job of timing our call and making sure we're not stacking you guys up. I did comment in my opening remarks a little bit about 2011 and did say it's still very early. In a nutshell, we're encouraged. But we think it's too early to provide any specific guidance. We did talk about the back half of this year that our load factors are up, and I just referenced the fact that if you look at our customer deposits, you would -- that's being driven by higher load factors. So I think you could extrapolate from that, that we have a reasonable order book and with the further out-booking window, we're feeling very good. But I'd just say, it's still very early.
Brian Rice: Jeff, I think we said that the second quarter basically went exactly according to our track. From a business perspective, it came in exactly as we expected. Close-in bookings were very consistent with our expectations. As I alluded to in my comments, despite all the turmoil or the roller coaster ride that's occurring in the stock market -- specifically, in January and May, we saw very large dips in the Dow, and during the other months we saw upticks. And our bookings remained very consistent, very steady throughout that period. Even in Europe, where I know there's been a lot of discussion about how the euro debt crisis, the downgrades of the debt is affecting consumer behaviors, again, we see it very steady. And as we've talked about for years, I think it's a testimony to the fact that people take vacations, and cruising is a great value. And our brands are well-positioned, and we get very steady demand even during these sort of uncertain times.
Brian Rice: Yes. Assia, I think the best way -- because we don't break out ticket as clearly, maybe -- we've said that about 30% of our revenues at the end of the day are denominated in foreign currency. And in sequential order of importance, it would be the euro, the sterling and then the Canadian dollar. There are a lot of other currencies, but they're not hugely significant at this point. I really think if you pay the most attention to the euro and sterling and assume a 30% percentage of our revenue, and 20% of our non-fuel costs. And I just point out that's net revenue.
Brian Rice: Mickey, our weighted average cost to capital, as we calculate it, would be just under 9% today. And as we begin to -- the thing that will influence that the most is as we begin to delever and switch more toward an equity weighting. Our cost of debt on the new ships is extremely low. Our Solstice-class ships, we're talking about LIBOR plus less than 100 basis points. And even the -- as you look out, as we've locked in some of this at fixed rates of interest, the interest rates are extremely low. One of the nice things is even though we swapped out 10% of this debt to a fixed rate of interest, our interest expense guidance has remained effectively unchanged even with that.
Brian Rice: I don't have the numbers in front of me, and I'd like to think through how we want to guide you on that. But we'll look to -- I don't think it's going to be a rapid ascension. But clearly, over the next few years, we're looking -- we've put out there that we do have a goal of getting back toward investment-grade credits. And you can kind of the do the math in terms of what that might do with the weighting on the debt and the equity. One of the things that's affecting our equity right now is a fairly high beta as well. So hopefully, that will normalize a bit over time as well.
Brian Rice: Steve, I don't think what we want to do is spend a lot of time going back and reconciling previous numbers. This has been a very volatile quarter. I think if you'd like to give Ian a call, we've talked a lot about this because we expected that with the volatility we were seeing, there might be a lot of noise and a desire to get closer to this. So I think he's prepared to help you use the ratios that we have out there in the public domain and try to reconcile that.
Brian Rice: Well, what we've tried to do on this call is provide third quarter and full year guidance as-reported and on Constant Currency. You'll notice in the release, we've now provided a non-GAAP definition of Constant Currency. So that's out there. And as long as this continues to be a relevant issue, yes, we're going to put that out there.
Brian Rice: That's correct. I did say that the volume of our new bookings since our last call has been up about 11%. And clearly, by the time we began this last quarter, we had much higher advanced bookings in terms of load factors. And the reason I gave that reference of 11% is we've got a lot of questions about -- as we see the volatility in the stock market, and as we've seen the euro debt crisis, are we seeing that being impacted in consumer behaviors? And what we've tried to get across is, both domestically and in Europe, we've seen a very steady pace of demand. And it's been running on average about 11% ahead of last year, just during this three-month window. But again, our load factors were and continue to be ahead of where they were at the same time last year.
Brian Rice: I'll start. I think the most important thing here really is our operating performance. The vast majority of our asset base is in place, and the new vessels that we have on order are at fixed contracts prices. So we basically know what the denominator will be. So the primary focus has got to be on improving the operating performance. I think we've done a good job on costs. We expect to continue to benefit from the efficiency of the new vessels. And I think as we talked about, we have a fairly disciplined culture as it comes to managing our costs. And we've made a substantial portion of the investment that we need to make in the new international markets. I think the big opportunity here is predominantly on the revenue line. We will be benefiting from Allure. We'll be benefiting from the new Solstice-class ships that are yet to be delivered. There's a lot of vigilance within the brands to understand which itineraries, which markets, which assets are performing and how do we ensure that all our assets are performing at an optimal basis. So I think in terms of the priorities, it would be clearly be revenue, maintaining the cost structure and then continued focus on managing our capital expenses, would be the sequence, I would say. Okay? Well, we'd like to thank you all for joining us today, and Ian will be available throughout the day to answer any more questions you might have. And I'd just like to mention, consistent with our last quarter, we do anticipate to be filing our Q sometime tomorrow afternoon. And thank you again, and wish everybody a great day.
Richard Fain: Yes. Unfortunately, the situation in Spain remains seriously depressed, and we are not seeing any signs of near-term recovery. Pullmantur's own performance has improved as we have done a better job in managing in a bad time. But the overall economy remains bad, and we don't see any immediate prospects for that to turn around. But I do have to say, the management there and the team in Spain have done a good job in managing it. So their results are significantly better this year than last year.
Richard Fain: I would say stable, but the first quarter was horrible. So it was horrible and is horrible and it hasn't gone any worse. Or better, unfortunately.
Richard Fain: Yes. I think, Felicia, I would just add, the fourth quarter is always one that everybody's focused on, partially because it's, of course, the weakest part of our year. And because of that, it's also the most sensitive to what would otherwise be thought of as insignificant changes. But overall, looking across all of our brands and all of our marketing, we're not seeing any indication that there's been any change at all. We're feeling about towards the fourth quarter as we did before. And that's the basis on which we're making fairly good comments about bookings.
Richard Fain: No. I think we've talked about it before. So I think you understand what we said. But we'll give a clear no to that.
Richard Fain: Yes. I think -- and what we've said is, as we said before, it's a balance. We're expecting to see more of our improvement in the future to margin improvement rather than just to top line growth, or just through capacity growth. And so we expect new capacity increases to be less than the past. And we are talking to shipyards. We are not saying that we're not going to build again. We do think that there will be growth and we are talking to shipyards. And this is a better environment to talk to shipyards, both because of the currency situation and because of the supply-demand situation with respect to the shipyards. But it's a balance. And I think the balance we're expecting to see going forward is somewhat lower growth than we've seen in the past, but not no growth.
Adam Goldstein: From a strict statistical point of view, by our analysis, Epic has about a 3% impact on Caribbean capacity for the full year and about a 6% impact on Caribbean capacity for the back half of the year, which is not that significant. And so our sense is that her arrival, although it has generated a lot of publicity for the industry, which is always a good thing, is not having a significant impact on our Caribbean performance.
Adam Goldstein: Yes. This is Adam. We've mentioned that onboard revenue in general was slightly higher on a year-over-year basis. And within the many categories that aggregate to onboard revenue, most are in that vicinity of flat to slightly up. One that's done relatively better than maybe others is beverage. And then one that has done worse than others, for obvious reasons, would be the art auctions, because we're in the process of winding down our onboard relationship with Park West. So there aren't the number of art auctions taking place as what there had been in the past. The others are not particularly remarkable, I would say. With regard to, let's say, non-U.S. guests and maybe European guests in general, we're seeing more or less similar performance, flat to slightly up. And some of that, I think, reflects our ever greater learning of what is motivational for our non-US customers to pay for onboard because they put value in it. So we're seeing, I would say, relatively constant performances between the different types of guests that we have.
Adam Goldstein: Hi, this is Adam. Although the slide that you viewed earlier showed that the average -- that the booking curve is now closer to where it was in 2008 than to where it was in 2009, the fact of the matter is that we continue to source closer-in bookings where we need them. That's true in the Caribbean area and that's true in the European area. So for example, to the extent that we still have needs in August for Europe, we're able to motivate the business to fill those gaps. So it's too early to say exactly what the close-in booking environment will be for the fourth quarter. But throughout this year-to-date, we've been able to find the close-in bookings that we need.
Adam Goldstein: In general, that was true then. It -- obviously it varies as the months go by and depending what the needs are. But we've been able to fulfill our guidance other than for FX, where we have needed to do so.
Adam Goldstein: This is Adam again, Janet. Well, in general, if you look at what our guidance is versus what happened last year and the year before, you could say that we're clawing back approximately 30% or 1/3 of what we lost. And it was always our understanding and expectation that what happened last year would take a period of years to recover, and that's essentially what we're seeing. And we see North America contributing in particular because of the influence of the new ships that -- in the case of Royal Caribbean International, Oasis of the Seas is based in Florida, of course, and so is a Caribbean product. And then we're seeing, particularly in Constant Currency, improvement in our European pricing. So both regions are contributing to the degree of claw-back that we have so far achieved.
Adam Goldstein: Well, it could be that if we hadn't put as much capacity there would be more pricing recovery. But what's exciting to us is that we've been able to steadily grow our presence there, be very well recognized for what we offer in Europe. And the pricing in Europe has contributed to our ability to claw back from where we were. So our view, net of all those things, is that our growing presence in Europe is very beneficial to the Royal Caribbean International brand and in general to our company.
Adam Goldstein: It might not be a surprise. But the fact of the matter is that in Constant Currency, it is improving nicely, and we're pleased with what we're seeing at the level of capacity growth that we've injected into the market.
Adam Goldstein: If I could just add in one thing that in general we've been pleased about over the year, and we didn't really comment on it too much on this call but we have on the previous calls, is what at least Royal Caribbean International calls the developmental products. Sort of the ones which, first of all, are sourced with very considerably more non-US customers than U.S. customers, and for the most part are newer products for us. And we tend to have more of that in the winter period than in the summer. But as a general rule, that has been one of the bright lights in terms of progress this year.
Daniel Hanrahan: Felicia, it's Dan. I made a comment that fourth quarter was proceeding about how we had expected. We are always, with our programs and our promotions, looking for the areas that are weakness and then directing our marketing efforts towards those to shore up the quarter. But I would say that it's going about as we expected and forecasted. And there's always areas that we see some softness, and then we get our sales and marketing people on those as quickly as we can to get those shored up.
Daniel Hanrahan: Sharon, on the second part of your question about the relationship between having Allure of the Seas and Oasis of the Seas next year versus having just had Oasis of the Seas this year. I mentioned on the last call, and I will mention again, that the two ships together are doing extremely well. We certainly would expect them to be positive contributors to our performance next year. But given that the two of them together represent double the capacity of when Oasis was there on her own, we would not expect the two of them to have the same yield performance as Oasis by herself. But they are very powerful performers in the market.
Daniel Hanrahan: Yes, I meant to say that as clearly as possible. The two of them together are a -- clearly a positive contributor to whatever our yield performance will be next year.
Daniel Hanrahan: Assia, I mentioned the three Solstice-class ships being in the Caribbean because they've been such good performers for us since the introduction of Solstice, and Equinox and Eclipse have continued that. Especially -- we've been especially encouraged by what we saw from Eclipse in our U.K. market. And our U.K. team has done a terrific job over there. In the fourth quarter for -- it's still early, that's the closer-in booking time. But the entire fleet is performing as we had expected it would perform at this point. So while we get higher pricing for the Solstice-class ships, the rest of our ships are performing about how we expected. And I -- somebody asked a question a little earlier about are there holes, and there's always holes. But that's -- our sales and marketing team do a terrific job plugging those. So we're seeing things going across the fleet about as we had expected.
Daniel Hanrahan: Kevin, this is Dan. As you look at -- as we look at a third quarter, we're seeing this year an increase in the number of guests that we're getting out of Europe and a big increase in the number of guests that we're getting out of the U.K. because we put Eclipse in the U.K. market. So we've seen our sourcing mix at Celebrity change quite a bit this year. In terms of holes, nothing stands out. We're pleased with the way we see things going. For the most part, we're going just as we had planned. As we get into the fourth quarter, and the ships are doing a more traditional Caribbean business for us, we'll see a shift away from where we are in the third quarter to more of our guests coming out of the North American markets. But this foray into Europe for us is also helping us source guests into the Caribbean because we're building our brand over there.
Daniel Hanrahan: Well, Europe and Alaska have been good. I mean, I commented on that, and we've been very pleased with what we saw there. And Adam had commented earlier about how pleased Royal Caribbean was with Europe as well. So been particularly pleased about Europe and Alaska. And the fourth quarter is a closer-in booking period, as you heard Richard say earlier. So it's tough to comment on any particulars in the fourth quarter at this time.
