Richard Fain: Yes. Steve, I'll address that. It's Richard. I guess that's an instance of no good deed goes unpunished. We did do that last year and I think we actually did the opposed well. And the reason was most of those cases we were sort of – there were lot of uncertainties about some of the structural elements that we were trying to make sure everybody understood what that is. But most people don't provide that kind of guidance and we don't really want to do so on a regular basis. And this year I think -- we think that the structural issues are clear. We have comparable situation going forward. People understand the way the fleet works and the numbers work. And so we didn't – and it's clear from the guidance that's out there – not the guidance, but the estimates that are out there that people understand the way these things are going. But we get our best information about the year when we go through the wave period and we really feel that it's more appropriate on an ongoing basis to be doing what the rest of our industry does and provide our guidance when we've had that early insight. So I think I would suggest that last year or two have been anomalies, but this is and should the norm.
Richard Fain: Hey, Steve. I think that when we look Latin America as a key market as you brought up, I mean, there has been some real challenge there. But when we look at the market of Spain and Pullmantur position in Spain, we do think that there is opportunity with those assets and with the positioning of the brand to do well. And that's why this is a combination of somewhat rightsizing, right, so we are taking Empress of the Seas as I noted in my remarks and moving her into the Royal Caribbean fleet. And then, really kind of trying to match up appropriately supply and demand in the Spanish market and I think that we see those plans as paying off nice for us in the future.
Richard Fain: But you know Felicia, it also worth emphasizing that the – there's a structural change because we really now going into the market and doing it on the year round basis. And so you have to add in the mix that we have now have winter sailings. Actually significant part of the increase and the capacity in China is not so much new ships, but it's actually just that we broadening when during the year that we're there. So, we're quite encouraged by it. We're already there. The Quantum has done very well. The Quantum has clearly – the Quantum Class is clearly distinguishing themselves as an outstanding vessel. But there's also a lot of uncertainty about China in everybody's mind. And we feel good that we're going at in the right way. And I just want you to forget structural change.
Richard Fain: Yes. I think we take these things as they come and we're learning from it. This is a new program and we need to be a little bit cautious as we roll it out. The rollout has been very encouraging, you've seen that. We have extended it. We actually look at these and don't make those decisions in advance. So I wouldn't speculate this to what might be the case in the future. All I can say is that we have felt good about what we've done so far and that's caused us to extend it both in terms of time and also in the areas where we're putting this in place. And I'm quite comfortable that that is working and we will continue that. I have no comfort as to what we will do in the future, and I think we would simply look at that as that comes to play.
Richard Fain: Steve, its Richard, and I'll start on the price integrity program and then I'll ask Jason to answer the other two questions. The price integrity program is for all of our brands across the broad. It's only in the U.K. and Ireland that we've added it, we haven't added it elsewhere in the world. But it is in the U.K. and Ireland. It is for all of our brands.
Richard Fain: When we gave the Double-Double and I would remind you that it is both net income and ROIC, we didn't caveat that with what actions we would take over the market takes. We're not adjusting it for fuel, foreign exchange, share repurchases or anything we might be doing, we've really just said, it's the target. And the one, the earnings per share would be impacted by share repurchases, but the ROIC, I would point out is not impacted by share repurchases as well.
Richard Fain: No, no, we try to be explicit. We have two targets and they are exactly what we've said, which is adjusted earnings per share would double that is it would get to $6.78 by – for the year 2014. And ROIC would reach double-digits, i.e. that it would be 10.00 [ph] or 1% or better by 2017. And those are two targets that we're using internally, essential we will take what actions we should operationally and the world will give us what it would give us, whether that's foreign exchange gains or losses, it's been bad, but whatever it is fuel or whatever it is et cetera.
Richard Fain: Yes. I think your description was accurate that we think that the price integrity program probably helps us on the rate, but hurts us on the volume. And so the net effect of that in 2015 and 2016 would be negative on our total revenue. So, I think your articulation was exactly correct. In terms of the actual occupancy that you are experiencing especially by quarter, I think there are so many other factors that the price integrity program would not be a significant part of that. And so, to the extent that its down or up in any quarter, that will be really driven by our yield managers and our yield management system. The price integrity program would be a de minimis part of that.
Richard Fain: Hi, Robin -- so just to clarify it’s really a combination of Latin America and a little bit later on the Australia, New Zealand product just due to the level of capacity that’s in there that’s driving the differential.
Richard Fain: I’m quite happy to actually -- I think one of the things that has us feeling pretty good is just how well our brands are being received in the market place and Celebrity is a good example of that. Michael is here himself has [Indiscernible] is how his brand is doing, but atleast if we are here, she would say exactly the same. It’s really, and Michael mentioned that he has a new ad campaign coming out so has Lisa and she’s -- here’s is actually been out for the longer and its being received quite well. So I think we are really seeing except for geographic issues like Latin America we are really seeing our brands doing quite nicely in their respective markets, and the Celebrity brand has been holding its own and I think -- now it’s also been affected by the geographies because it for example has had more volume in particularly in the Eastern Mediterranean this year. So you will see changes, we see changes between brands. We see a lot of changes between brands and between different geographies which is just a normal fact of doing business, and I think we sometimes read too much into it particularly because we’ve historically been so surprisingly accurate. I mean, I think for us to come in looking like and the year is so close to being over. We’re pretty confident about looking to be in the range of 3.5% yield improvement that is essentially exactly where we predicted it at the beginning of the year. And I wish I could say that we were that accurate. Its’ simply the margin of error in these things is a little bigger than that and we have been fortunate that the plusses have offset the minuses, but overall I think that’s not unusual for us and I would expect that to continue.
Richard Fain: And I will just add, I think as Jason said earlier we would reiterate our objective is to get to that investment grade. And obviously almost anything that we do that involves capital including ordering ships or buying back shares makes it a little more difficult but we think that the move towards investment grade is so inexorable that we can balance those things.
Richard Fain: No you know it’s interesting because one of the interesting because one of the interesting features of our business is CapEx tends to come in big bunches and whether a ship delivers in January or December makes a huge difference on the numbers you just quoted. We don’t tend to look at it that way, I think it’s we made a decision '17 was a year that had no ship deliveries, but then we start having deliveries again in '18. And so I think that’s simply a coincidence '17 worked out that way.
Jason Liberty: Sure. it is a little bit early relative to when positive free cash flow generation comes in and as it evolve in modeling in our discussion most people see that towards the back half of next year. I think what we talked about was that as we starting to get more comfortable about the forward looking picture and as Richard mentioned in his comment the forward looking free cash flow generation that management and the board would be considering when that share buyback would be. I think this is kind of more of a timing thing as it relates to the rating agencies as this is –you probably are little bit earlier, but not a lot earlier than our dialogues with them in terms of share buyback program. So, I think the combination of you are confidence in future cash flows, while also trying to manage those three core financial objectives of improving shareholder returns being an investment grade credit and growing our business by maintaining that balances, this has kind of been our prospective for it.
Jason Liberty: Just in terms of the visibility that we have into China and lot of that is going into the spring. We feel about load factor and the APDs we're getting there, and obviously Quantum will be there for the first time in the first quarter. And as Michael mentioned, the reception to that product has been – and that asset has been fantastic.
Jason Liberty: And then, Tim, in terms of your commentary on the market and secondary markets, I think in Richard's comment he talked about that these secondary markets have a lower cost base to them and do get slightly lower yields than what you would get in these primary large metropolitan areas like Shanghai and Beijing area. And so, I think again it's still very early on in that booking process, but that will play into the mix of yields for China, but again, we all thing that that contributes positively to the overall yield of the region, as well as it corporation the full year.
Jason Liberty: Hi, Tim. On a comparable basis and again in terms of the visibility there we see. And as I commented we – our load factors are on a good position year-over-year as well as our rate based on the level of visibility that we have which is really through the spring at this point.
Jason Liberty: Steven, in terms of on the share buyback versus the dividend, I think that obviously historically we've look at the dividend as kind of the core mechanism to return in capital of the shareholders. And I think there's a recognition that they needed to be a mix of those two things. And I think that's how we and the board will be considering those mechanisms going forward.
Jason Liberty: Yes, great question. I think it’s a point to point out. Two things, one which is the ASR -- the ASR is really for 200 of the 500, and the other 300 we haven't announce how we would go about on doing that. But that's not as definitely something we very much keep in line. And I think that the share repurchase I think should be an indictor of – again our confidence, the board's confidence and now we see things going forward. As it relates to the joint ventures, you're certainly – we have two key joint ventures, one is TUI AG, our TUI Cruises venture which does and continues to do very, very well. That is obviously a key contributor to our Double-Double program and our outlook going forward as that brand continues to successfully operate as well as grow. SkySea is really in its infancy. It just launched this past May. I think – how we contributes to Double-Double, we'll probably be something more on modest basis as we look to grow that – the positioning of that brand in the Chinese market with our partner Ctrip as well as grow that brand over time.
Jason Liberty: Hey, Kevin. I think we're obviously – we're still in our planning process on both the revenue and cost standpoint. We will give guidance on cost next year. But I think that you should just generally expect that our focus and rigor on cost has really exceeded well into the culture of the company and you should expect us to behave similarly going forward.
Jason Liberty: Hey, James, it's Jason. I think the way that you need to look at is first off, we're talking about very, very small numbers here in terms of what we believe the impact is on this program on a negative basis and we expect to see that continue, because these programs are continuing to rollout to more product, into more markets. And as we said previously we expect that to kind of lap in and move into a positive direction in 2017. And when we talk about the effect, we really do talk about on an occupancy because as Richard mentioned in his remarks, its what we can measure, but we do think that this is really changing the conversation with the guest who have booked and behave in the way that we wanting them and also helping us expand out the booking window to position us for stronger pricing.
Jason Liberty: Hey, Robin, it's Jason. I'll take the Pullmantur question. Really the majority of the other write-off were again it was a non-cash write off and it was relating to intangibles that were not amortizing or depreciating in any way. There is a portion of that that it relates to some of the ships. It would probably help us by couple of cents going forward, because it's not just about write-down, it also some adjustments in the residuals as we look at those assets going forward. But it’s a couple of cents. It's not material.
Jason Liberty: Oh, I’m sorry. Okay, great. Yeah, so we still are very much focussed on getting to your 3.75 times net debt-to-EBITDA and we see ourselves progressing towards that, towards the end of next year as we consider these buybacks. So we see this buyback a little bit of as a timing opportunity in terms of buying back shares.
Jason Liberty: All right. Thank you for your assistance Lawry [ph] with the call today. And we thank all of you for your participation and interest in the company. Carol and Laura will be with her. We’ll be available for any follow ups you might have during the day, and I wish you all a great day.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Felicia, it's Michael. I'll answer that question. I think as you point out there's more supply coming into market in 2016 and 2017. We obviously feel quite comfortable with the market opportunity. We believe that it's literally untapped and as we see what's occurring in the Shanghai and Tianjin-Beijing region. We think that there's a lot of opportunity ahead of us. For Royal Caribbean, I think we feel confident. We've now been I the market for eight years. We've been building our brand for that period of time and we're being investing solidly in the market for that period, so, the aggregate marketing investments had been quite significant. We have good consumer confidence. We're in a good position as a brand in the marketplace. In fact yesterday we just receive news that we were the recipients of the best cruise line in China for the eighth year running. We have been working on expanding the distribution channels and building our trade relationships and over this period of time I think we've also been able to introduce more sophisticated promotional ideas with our various trade partners. So, our feelings are good about how we see China. We think the opportunity is still very, very strong. So that's kind of our perspective on China.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Tim, it's Michael. Yes. I think as Richard point it out and as your question asks, there is seasonality and so the cadence is very similar to the kind of cadence that we see in other markets. There's a peak summer when the demand is high, particular around Golden Week, when the demand is extraordinary. And then as we move into the more of the shoulder seasons than we typically have slightly softer pricing that we do in the peak, so that's very typical. And I think that we expect the behavior to be similar, although I think for us, it’s the fact that we're broadening the seasons. It's also a new experience for us as well. So we're going to have to see how it really does play out. We're fairly confident in terms of demand in the marketplace. So I think – but the seasonality is we believe quite similarly.
Michael Bayley: And Tim, I just add one more new ones. We talk about the complexity of our business, one of things you also are very well aware, I know you're well aware of, but it gives me an opportunity to mention it for everybody is the issues that it's not just China. We really look at this pattern as in some cases it's year round China, but in some cases its summer in China and our winter Northern winter in Southeast Asia and then Australia and New Zealand and you were also commenting on what's happening particularly in Australian market, New Zealand market which have also had very large increases in capacity. So you have to balance all of those as we're going through.
Michael Bayley: Hi. Joel, its Michael. I think its really all three. I think with certainly in the summer during Q3 both in Europe and Caribbean actually and nearly all of our products, we've seen more spend coming from the consumers. We've been more I think aggressive with our dynamic pricing model as it relates to pricing onboard which allowed us to take opportunity of some of those moments where people seem to be more willing to spend. I think product mix has been a really major contributor. The investment over time in terms of building out and changing out different retail options and what not has certainly beginning to help us. So I think really it’s a combination of all three. It was certainly for the Q3 it was just a really good quarter. And of course China played a big part of that as well. And we've been very pleased with them. One of the big contributors has been the VOOM, the fastest internet of sea, and we've seen significant increase in our revenues in that area. 
Michael Bayley: Hi, Robin, it's Michael. I'll answer the question on the China and the distribution markup, Yes, I think there was a period when we had the MERS outbreak in Korea and then we have the triple typhoon impact, and then of course we have the explosion in Tianjin, so we had a period of about – I'm going to guess, its about three months or so where it was a little wobbly because of all of these events. And then of course we had many of the distributors have this charter or group resell relationship with us and I think many of our competitors. So during that period I think some of them incurred losses, that didn't flow through to us, but of course it impacts us because they are long term partners. And so we worked on strategies to help them through that and to ensure we're in a good place for 2016, but it didn't really have a financial impact to us. And of course the model is really quite different in China in relation to the distribution. But one of the things that we've been actively working on is expanding the distribution and opening up that channel through various strategies which of course it’s a long term play but we feel like we're on a good track to broaden that channel.
Michael Bayley: Oh hi, Jamie it’s Michael. Yes, we are very pleased to welcome Jim to Royal Caribbean International a few months ago and he’s been very busy. You may have seen, we just launched our new campaign “Come Seek” for Royal Caribbean International that’s come literally into market this week. And hopefully you’ll see us go a slightly different twist towards it, and the way we are approaching the market with this idea of come seek and the imagery and the kind of TV commercials, radio and digital that we are putting into the market has tested exceptionally well, not only with existing cruises but probably more importantly with new to cruise. So part of our focus is on the new to cruise markets and I think you’ll start to see that in the marketing that comes from Royal Caribbean International over the coming period and that really is being led and directed by our new CMO.
