Jason Liberty: Sure, so I think we always talk about different kind of waves of demand and really even on the last call we talked specifically about seeing strong demand overall. But a lot of that was mainly driven by North America as they looking in that typical window when they started to book for the summer, as well as for the first half of the year. Now going into this, you still have a lot of strong North American demand is what we be overall see is a consistent pattern, actually an elevated pattern over the past three months for North American demand and of course a lot of that demand is specific for Europe as well as, partially to Caribbean and Alaska and so forth.
Jason Liberty: Well, we never build the forecast for perfection, I mean there are events that happened throughout the period, but what was in our consideration set is really, what is our book position on both the rate and volume basis and then also looking at different market dynamics in terms of what’s happening in internal pricing and overall demand, I guess, taken into consideration in terms of what we expect to take place in a product like Europe. As I said those demand trends have been quite positive.
Jason Liberty: I think we have, obviously we have very good visibility on what the capacity increases are going to be by quarter and by the way the increase in 2017 is a little bit higher than what the increase in the Caribbean was in 2016 past. And I think the way that we look at it is we have an opportunity to get ahead of that and we’ve gone ahead of that and that's kind of based on the commentary of us being ahead on both the rate and volume basis overall as well as, for the product of the Caribbean.
Jason Liberty: Yeah sure. Well, I mean, first to start off is the overall revenue in this year was, but we were talking about $8 million or $9 million on a very large number. So and this year is really small and it's not really material. Close in demand I think you've seen this before some quarters, close in is better than we expected and sometimes it's as we expected and sometimes it’s a little bit little bit softer. We did see a little bit of further challenges with our short product as it relates to Empress, as we have rolled that out in a smaller period of time in terms of the days to be able to book it. Also what we saw in the quarter, which I think is also in our - is kind of baked into our commentary about 2017 and the first quarter is we saw kind of a beginning of a shift in focus from Q4 and into 2017. Then the other thing before I kind of just talk about retail for a second is we’ve also instituted, as you know last year this price integrity program and what we're now willing to do is really sacrifice more price in a significant way in order to deal with volumes and we think that is helping us and that's also helping us build a better book of business. The one comment I would say on the retail side the holiday sailings were a little bit awkward in terms of this time of the year and so the mix in guests were a little bit different. I think that resulted in and lower retail and also I mean this has been a little bit of a consistent trend as we see more and more people trading stuff i.e. retail for experiences and we typically see areas like short excursion and beverage and so forth tick up and retail has been a little bit more challenging.
Jason Liberty: Sure. So just to take the repurchase side of it. Obviously, as Richard mentioned in his remarks, share repurchase is something that would be contemplated by the board, and would need to be approved by the board into our forecasts, don't contemplate decisions of the board hasn’t taken yet, so hopefully that answers the question on share repurchase. As it relates on 2017 outlook and how that rolls forward for the fourth quarter. One on the occupancy side, the important thing to remember is the deconsolidation of Pullmantur is a factor and an improvement on the occupancy aside. Just on average because the shift at operating Pullmantur have very few thirds and fourths that are available on those vessels. Empress as we said was a component of that and I think that - I wouldn’t read too much into – and again we’re talking about some really small numbers, I wouldn’t read too much into what we saw close in. I do think Empress, I do think there were some awkward, the holiday sailings were a little bit awkward, and yeah, I do think that the consumer as well as, the trade really kind of began to focus their attention and obviously in a very serious way based on for the elevated levels we've been seeing for 2017 on the fourth picture.
Jason Liberty: Well, thanks Tim. I think first on the industry side, I think we see, industry capacity during the period of time that you're talking about growing at about 5% or a little bit south of that we’re closer to 4% over that period of time and that's on a gross basis. But at least for us, for example we've been selling about a ship a year, a ship every other year and as we talked about before. I mean, as shift to age and we now have ships going into more the 30 plus year category, we do think that there will be opportunity for the gross number to be reduced, as retirements come into play. Of course, most of our ships that we have sold are going into markets in which we don't – or segments that we don't directly compete in. On the cadence side for the year, and as I said most of our yield in our cost benefit is front loaded this year. You were correct that we do take delivery of another main ship vessel, for three cruises, which does fantastically well. I think to your point in terms of cadence on, I think fourth quarter has a tougher comp on both the yield, as well as, on a cost perspective and so like I said, I think that – what you’ll see is – obviously the guidance on the first quarter and in Q2 will be at an elevated level. Q3 is probably something similar or around the range where you would see in Q1 and Q4 and probably be a little bit lower. Again, that's just based off of the comps.
Jason Liberty: Hi, David, on the second question with regards to the customer mix in North America we saw our change in 2016 and we’re accelerating that change in 2017 in terms of new to cruise, first to cruise. So we’ve put a lot of our time and energy and resources and growing that segment of the market and we've seen. For the first time in 2016 we saw a really positive uptick in the first to cruise to both the Royal brand and the Celebrity brand. And in 2017 we continue to see that uptick in terms of new to cruise. A lot of that’s supported by changes that are occurring in our marketing strategies, both in terms of how we go traditionally to market, but also a shift more into digital marketing and we've had some success with that.
Jason Liberty: Well, I think it's tough to say especially relative to last year because don't forget the Paris attack that happened in the fourth quarter of 2015. I think that demand from North America has certainly rebounded, I don't know if I would describe it as rebounded to how strong it was in the 2014 and 2015 timeframe. But clearly we see strong demand coming from North America, we see very good demand also coming from Europe. I think the other component to that is we’ve got about half of the capacity that we had last year in the Eastern Mediterranean and it seems to be very good demand, obviously, that itineraries are more West than they were East before and the other itineraries like the Western Med and the Baltics, which did well last year are brushing an uptick in demand from North America there.
Jason Liberty: Yeah, well I mean in terms of the provided threshold 3.75 times debt to EBITDA is of the threshold for investment grade as well as to the metrics themselves. Our goal is to be a solid investment grade credit, so I would that’s probably somewhere in the range of 3 times to 3.5 times debt-to-EBITDA and I think we’re certainly looking to balance, getting to become an investment grade credit, as well as, investing moderately in our growth and improving shareholder return. So keeping that balance is important, but also acting like an investment company as Richard mentioned is critical, and we will likely be at that 3.75 threshold at the end of the quarter and then we would obviously, be considering other action as it relates to cash.
Jason Liberty: Well, I think we’ve said in the past actually, it’s been said by our partner, is on average, as a ship, gets added on, they typically add about $20 million to $25 million in income each year that the ship comes on for full year for each of us, that’s our show [ph].
Jason Liberty: Obviously, on the quarter the first month, it was at the end of the month that we gave guidance, since we had a pretty good sense of the month of October. I think as we got into the November around the election time. I think that again we saw people really kind of focus their plans on to 2017. I think it was August when we actually put out the deployment for Empress for the fourth quarter. And so I think that again, that was a little bit more of a challenge than we had expected it to be. But again I would really chalk it up more to people focusing more on the following year. I do want to stress that every quarter, there’s a little bit of a different story on the close in pricing side and I think that in combination with our price integrity program, we can sometimes make that a little bit less predictable. But again, I mean, there were several quarters last year where close in pricing was stronger than we expected and in the fourth quarter it was a little bit softer than we expected and the difference is really insignificant.
Jason Liberty: Well, I don't have the specific number and we don’t talk about what it is on a ship basis. I mean, it was a more challenging vessel for us in 2016, just because ship was in drydock for an extended period of time. We kept delaying the deployment of the ship, hoping that we were going to get the approvals for Cuba. And as we mentioned on our last call, there were very strong signals that we were. So I think that certainly as we look into 2017, we have the proper windows in periods of time to sell and market the product and we don't expect there to be a few negative impact as it relates to Empress in 2017 in terms of what we saw in 2016.
Jason Liberty: Well, as it relates to the Pullmantur and itself organically for Q4, it was worth about 275 basis points of the yield growth in the fourth quarter. In Q1, we expect it to be about 225 basis points as relates to yield. There’s a little bit of a headwind on the cost side, but it's 20 basis points or 30 basis points. On the hardware side as we kind of look into 2017, certainly Harmony and Ovation drive significant yield premium and that minus Legend coming out, helps us by 125 basis points to 130 basis points.
Jason Liberty: Well, I think we said that we’re booked in a better position on both rate and volume. For the year, we’ve said it for the quarter and we are in a better position than we were in Q4.
Jason Liberty: No. That is in the net cruise cost and the main benefit of it is it's less efficient vessel to operate. But there’s several other things driving cost benefits in 2017 one of that is the exit of Legend.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Jamie. Okay. Well, thank you for your assistance Kwashia with the call today and we will thank you for your participation and interest in the company. Carol will be available for any follow-ups you might have and I wish you all a great day.
Michael Bayley: Hi Felicia, it's Michael. Yeah, I mean, obviously we're used to – we do business all around the world and we flex as the dynamics change. So we've got a couple - a few sailings open to Cuba at the moment, which is doing very well and we’ve got more coming and we'll just adapt to what comes towards us. 
Michael Bayley: Harry, it's Michael, I have to congratulate you its 43 minutes into the call and that’s our first China question, so that's quite unusual. Yeah, I think we’ve said in the past that China very much it’s a developmental market. We've been in the market for a number of years, we've been working on the distribution and certainly we've been accelerating our investments in that distribution over the past couple of years. This year in 2017 we see a different kind of picture as it relates to capacity in each of the regional markets. So if you recall last year, it was a big year for capacity overall in China and certainly in Shanghai, which was about 60% of the overall China market. There was as close to 100% increase in capacity. This year that number is close to flat, so it's a different type of environment. We've worked with our major distributors in terms of helping them develop the cadence of their marketing and the way they go-to-markets and their selling techniques in terms of the cruise product. We've also worked on opening up the other channels just as we have channels in the European and American markets and we’ve put a lot of time and energy into that. So we're seeing good traction in terms of these channels that we’re opening and we’re seeing good traction with our major wholesalers in terms of where they are with their bookings for 2017. So I think it was Jason that commented earlier when we look at our 2017 position versus 2016 we’re in a significantly better place.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Greg, it's Michael. I think like many things its many factors. Certainly capacity in Shanghai is a contributing factor because if you recall we had big increase in 2016 and another increase in 2015. So I think there was a little bit of an issue with the distribution being able to absorb that kind of capacity in an emerging market, so the capacity is helpful. And then the other element was if you recall back in 2015 there were a couple of knocks in terms of MERS. And then we had those particularly difficult typhoons, which really did impact the wholesalers, so I think they were a little shy. So I think those factors and then, of course, as I have mentioned earlier we’ve really invested in building out all of the channels. So I think it's all of those factors coming together, better stability, less capacity and evolving, maturing market. Certainly not mature obviously, but maturing in terms of the relationship between the wholesalers, distributors and our company and the investment we’re putting in the market in terms of developing these channels.
Michael Bayley: Greg, I think, again I think it's a couple of things, it does. Jason had mentioned earlier capacity is down in Europe and down in Eastern Med, so that's been one of the driving factors. The dollar is strong against the euro, so I think people are more interested in going to Europe because they get more for their vacation dollar. People, sort of incredibly popular destination with or without cruise and I think we're seeing some of that. Then also I think there's just more consumer confidence, certainly in Q4 where we saw the stock market increasing nicely. I think we've seen really uptick in cadence in terms of the bookings of North Americans wanting to go to Europe. So I think all of those factors come together and has contributed to what we’re seeing in with the European bookings.
Richard Fain: Hi, Steve, this is Richard. With respect to come the DOUBLE-DOUBLE, I’ll take the second part of the question. First, I think overall it I think worked out very well for us. I think the thing that perhaps we underestimated on the positive side was just how well the organization would respond to the push and how that really lead to everybody moving in the same way and that's been very effective. So I think that’s helped us on the positive side. I think the thing that's been the biggest problem for us may surprise many, but the biggest has been foreign exchange, if we had the same exchange rates today that we had then, our bottom line would be higher by well more than, by close to, in fact, well more than $400 million, that is one hell of an unexpected hit. The positives on fuel offset a little less than half of that, but to have that kind of an FX change that’s unquestionably been the biggest negative throughout. With respect to what comes next, I think we are still the maniacal focused on this and I think, I would to our people who are focused on this and do this whole process of the service by talking about what's next. I think there is a lot of people look at the DOUBLE-DOUBLE and say well, that's been great, why don't you just replicate that or clone it in some way, I think that's unlikely. But I think at this point, we aren't done yet, we’re still focusing on it and I would really like to continue to focus on just the DOUBLE-DOUBLE.
Richard Fain: Maybe I’ll takes the question on technology as you've heard me say before I think this is a very appropriate topic, you’ve heard me say that I think the pace of exchange that we're finding in our industry and then the world in general is simply slower today then we will ever see again. We need to reflect that in what we're doing. Technology can be used to help attack what is really our biggest single problem, which is that not enough people understand about cruising anything we can do to make the experience better and easier, particularly easier for our guests and for the people who haven't yet been our guest is very helpful. Obviously the question is quite apt in light of Carnival's announcement earlier this year, I view that as really a very positive thing for our industry. It’s a terrific roll-out and got a lot of publicity, which I think again inures to the benefit of all of us. As you mentioned we started a project with what we call our WOWbands a couple of years ago. That's been extremely effective in simplifying the process for our guests. But it's also obvious that the technology has improved a lot in the last two years and what we can all do today is much better than we could have two years ago. So I think you will continue to see us and I hope the rest of the industry continue to move forward with that. We call our internal project Excalibur. But we would expect to be coming out this summer with a new and upgraded new app that does reflect the technologies that are available today. Over this next year we would expect to roll this out to them 6 to 11 new vessels. Then the next year we would expect to be rolling it out at a rate of one to two a month over the period. But I remember at the time that we ruled out WOWbands Lisa Lutoff-Perlo’s comment was we want to give people their first day back. I think that's really a very good way to look at it. More that we can do to ease that process, not only makes it more comfortable for them, but gives them the time to do the other stuff and one of the benefits is not only more on ticket revenue, but also on the onboard revenue as we facilitate those types of processes. So I think this is a trend that's happening in our industry, but it’s happening throughout industry and I think it will enhance the cruise experience and therefore be good for all of us.
Richard Fain: Thanks Harry. I appreciate the question because I think it's helpful to understand, it’s not a question that it's limited. I don't think it limits our capability in future. On the contrary, I think that's a reflection of how strong we think the situation is and will be. Really what happens is if we take too many bookings today, it’s hard to imagine that. But if you take too many bookings today, what it really means is that somebody who decides a month from today that she or he wants to take a cruise. And frankly is willing to pay more, it's simply not available. So our revenue management people are really and I do think there is the best around and there and we’re quite sophisticated in this, but depending on the time and depending on the circumstances you don't want to take too few bookings. But taking too many is just as bad as thinking too few and it's getting that balance, the price integrity program has probably extended out more to take earlier. But in any given time you look at the pattern of one they're coming. When people are calling the book and you want to get it right, not just the most you can get. So if we feel that we're taking too many bookings at a point in time, we will raise our pricing. Obviously that will lower the pace of bookings. I think it's important for people to understand that while obviously more bookings is a good thing, we actually have a great deal of discretion. Our revenue management people have a great deal of control over that pace. So I think we just feel in general that probably we're asked at the point where it shouldn't be much faster than it has been. But of course, look at the circumstances at the time and it could well be different year from now.
Richard Fain: On the Asia Pac question, we don't break it down by market, but what I would tell you is that that the trend that we talked about in terms of the book position and rate and volume is a similar description of what's happening, but especially in Australia and China.
Richard Fain: Okay, well I think, I've never heard our commentary described as bread crumbs, so that’s good. So, thank you. I think that the way that you should take is that we are in good position for China. I do think to your comment that it is a little bit too early to provide specific guidance to what we believe our China yields will be. But we are encouraged by what we’re seeing in the booking environment and we’re also encouraged as Michael noted in terms of the progress we've been making in diversifying our distribution.
