Jason T. Liberty: Hi, Steve, and good morning, everyone. I think the confidence comes in several ways. First, as Richard mentioned, what you need to get to Double-Double is low-single-digit yield growth and for us to continue our path on good cost control. And then when you start getting into what's going to drive year-over-year growth, well, I think, you have several things. One is dealing with strong demand trends. And so, when we talk about our book position over the next 12 months, we're ahead on both rate and volume. Also, next year, we don't have new capacity in terms of new ships coming in, but we do benefit from half a year of Ovation, as well as Harmony coming into the broader fleet. And then, obviously, we're taking out some capacity as it relates to Pullmantur as we deconsolidate them, which is also a good tailwind for yields, as well as for earnings next year.
Jason T. Liberty: Hi, Felicia. No. Those goals which again were stated back in 2014, we don't – as we look forward, we don't contemplate share buybacks in those equations.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes. No problem. Recently, Felicia, the SEC has published Q&As on non-GAAP disclosures. And as we talk about Double-Double pretty frequently, we felt that it fell in the definition of a non-GAAP disclosure. And to just ensure that we met the spirit of what the SEC is looking for, we decided to add that in as a definition. I would not read anything more into the fact that we're just improving our disclosure.
Jason T. Liberty: Sure. So for this year, it's about 1 point in terms of the yield improvement it gives. And so that's why we raised our guidance from a mid-point of 3.25% to a mid-point of 4.25%. When you look at the cadence of yields and so for Q2, for example, it's worth approximately 200 basis points. In Q4, that's worth approximately 300 basis points. And it's about the same, about 300 basis points per quarter, in Q1 and in Q2 of 2017. And it's worth about 1.5 points to the full year in 2017. To give you some color on the cost side, it's worth about 20 basis points to 25 basis points per quarter over the next 12 months.
Jason T. Liberty: No. It will be the same as how TUI Cruises and SkySea is recorded. So that will be in our other income and expense.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah. Actually, that's right. On a trend perspective, we have seen, and we've even said this on the last call, that we've seen really strong demand trends from the European consumer for European cruises. Now, I think it's important to point out that typically the European consumers spend a little bit less than the North American consumer on their holiday or their cruise holiday in Europe.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes. Great. Thanks, Michael. So, just kind of putting into perspective around the major products. We do expect Caribbean yield to be up around 4% next year for the industry.
Jason T. Liberty: I'm sorry, capacity around 4% next year and Europe to be about down 5% for the industry. And then, as Michael pointed out, we expect China to be up about 50%, a little bit less than 50% for the entire market going into 2017.
Jason T. Liberty: Well, I'm not going to give a range, but we thought that China yields would be down for the year as we talked about for the past several quarters, and I would say we're a little bit worse than that.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah. Sure, Tim. Yeah. So, as we ramp up our management services, as well as the leases, those revenues will hit onboard and other revenue line item. Keep in mind, we still have the depreciation of the ships. So, depreciation really doesn't change. And then the earnings of Pullmantur, we will get 49% of, and that will take place with our other joint ventures below the line.
Jason T. Liberty: I think as a relates to giving a specific number, it's not something that we're going to give kind of by product, but I think that as we started off in the beginning of the year, we expected China yields to be down and we expect them to be down more. And Europe, really, Northern Europe and Western Med, that combination is accretive. It's really challenged yields in the Eastern Mediterranean that is driving that product to be – the overall Europe product to be down for the year.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah. Well, I think, first, as it relates to the narrowing of the range, as we move towards the back half of the year, we typically narrow the range. Also, as I commented in my opening remarks, we're over 93% booked for the year. And so we are in a very good booked position. And especially when you focus on North America, which is very heavy in Q4, we're in a very strong position. So I think when you look at Q4 and you say, well, what's going to have yields drive to a high level? The first component you have to consider is about 300 basis points of that is Pullmantur's deconsolidation. The other thing which I think is important is our commentary about strength in North American products, strength in a mix of products that are very similar to what we had in Q1, which we saw very strong yield improvement for. And also I think just to comments we've had around Harmony and the attraction to Harmony as well as a lot of strength for Ovation out of Australia, which is where she'll be in the wintertime. Those are, I would say, are the underlying currents that support a sizeable yield growth in the fourth quarter.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah. And I'll just add, in terms of it being accretive to earnings and to returns – first off, it's already a very high returning market. Having another half year of Ovation is a strong tailwind to returns for 2017.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah. Yeah. No, those had more to do with our structural changes that we were doing as it relates mainly to Pullmantur, so closing down offices like, for example, in Brazil is really what most of those costs relate to.
Richard D. Fain: Yeah. Well, in terms of industry expectations for next year, I think we expect there to be low-single digit around 4% growth in capacity. This year, we saw about 3% growth in capacity, and we're seeing yields in the high-single digits in that market. I think a lot of that is driven by North Americans' focus on staying closer to home. And I think we see those trends continue as we look at our bookings on a day-to-day basis.
Richard D. Fain: Hi, Felicia. It's Richard. I think we said before, we look at that sort of independently. If it's the right thing to do, we would consider it. We did one starting at the end of last year and we're basically finished with that. So, I think, we would look at it opportunistically and depending on the cash flows. But we don't project it and we don't publish an expectation on that partially because that's the sort of thing the board will look at on a case-by-case basis.
Richard D. Fain: Felicia, two things, if I may. First, I think we should wish Michael Bayley a happy birthday because this is his birthday.
Richard D. Fain: And secondly, on the Double-Double, I think one of the things that maybe we should emphasize is when we established it and we established both the goal for EPS and for ROIC, we felt those were reasonable targets for us to shoot for. And I think as we're getting closer to 2017 and start to get insight into 2017 bookings, et cetera, we continue to feel comfortable with that. I think what may be a bit of confusion is some people would assume that that requires a heroic performance in 2017. And I think part of what we tried to convey this morning is, no, heroic performance would result in really outstanding 2017. But to get to the Double-Double, all we need are moderate capacity growth, which is locked in. Nothing is really going to change that now. Good cost control, which we think we have in good shape, and really quite modest yield improvement. And we think that all that is realistic and continues to be. And I feel, obviously, the closer you get to it and the more information you have, the more you eliminate those kinds of variations. So I think it is important to understand to get to that, we'd like to have heroic yield improvements, but we don't need heroic yield improvements.
Richard D. Fain: I think it's interesting. We are sometimes surprised by these things. After the Brexit vote, I think we expected, for example, it's nothing else the distraction of all the dialogue about it to impact bookings, and we saw nothing. And so a lot of what we're doing isn't so much hypothesizing why things are happening. Because we rely so much on forward bookings, we really observe what is happening. Whether we can explain it or not is another question. But we tend to focus on what the numbers are and they simply lead us in a certain direction.
Richard D. Fain: I don't know. I frankly just expected that it was such an interesting thing. It was on the news and everybody was focused on that. And as I said, we would have expected, if only from the distraction, to have an impact on bookings, and we saw literally nothing. We're not complaining.
Richard D. Fain: Yeah. And Harry, I just like to add, I think it's hard for me to imagine an industry where you in one year suddenly double capacity and you have – you fill all that new capacity and only have to make a relatively small reduction in your pricing to do it. Again, I simply look at that and say, wow, that shows how strong the situation is, and I think to extrapolate that and say, well, if you have any weakness in the face of doubling of capacity even though the capacity growth is half as much next year and in the future, you'd still expect to see the same result. I just don't think is a logical inference.
Richard D. Fain: No way. Excuse me for interrupting you, but the itineraries are, first of all, if we're looking 2017, itineraries are largely fixed. It's very unlikely you will substantial change in the capacity in the different regions. And we are a long-term industry. This is an industry where our horizon is long term. We plan long term. We see a very powerful market, and I don't see any real change in that. So, the idea that because of relatively modest discounting in one year and in the face of, as Jason earlier said, a more profitable environment, even with that discounting, that we would suddenly change the way we've operated forever in the industry. It just doesn't seem to me to again be realistic. So, I think what I'm saying, Harry, is you're over three.
Richard D. Fain: You know, Robin, I know this question has come up and I'll build on it as well as in the way I responded to Harry earlier. I'm aware that there are some concerns that if China doesn't develop, all that capacity will turn left and head towards the Caribbean and saturate the Caribbean. And it would require an enormous change in the fundamentals of China to even begin to contemplate that. I will just tell you within our company, the subject has literally never arisen in any deployment discussion that I am aware of. And we are so far from it that we just think that would require a level of change that none of us think is likely or even remotely likely. So I understand the sensitivity on this, but we just aren't seeing those kinds of shifts. And, again, I emphasize, we think long term. And so we're looking at a market that continues to grow, and grow nicely.
Richard D. Fain: Okay. Thank you for your assistance, Nicole, with the call today. And we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Carol will be available for any follow-up questions you might have, and I wish you all a great day. Thank you.
Michael W. Bayley: Yeah, Assia, I think it's, of course, everything that you've mentioned. But I think perhaps maybe more important is the importance to Celebrity of being in this key market year-round. Celebrity wasn't here in the summertime. Its customers wanted it. We have the Edge project coming out relatively soon. And so I would consider this a very normal tweak to our itineraries that we do every year.
Michael W. Bayley: Tim, let me just – it's Michael, let me just respond to the question with regards to China yields. I think the way you described it is spot on. That's exactly how we do see it but this is kind of a digestion challenge as it relates to capacity and the growth of this market was just being quite extraordinary. We had plan for yield declines in 2016. If you may recall, we're expecting to see some decline and that has been the case. When you look at capacity, certainly in the Shanghai region. When we think of China, we think of it as one market, but, of course, it's really three distinct markets, the north Shenzhen, the south in Hong Kong and south China and, of course, the East which is Shanghai the main market. And most of the capacity is in Shanghai. It's about 65% of the total China business. This year, Shanghai was up around 100%. So, I think your comments were spot on. So, we did expect to see those yield declines and we are dealing with the distribution opportunity. I think when we look into 2017 in relation to capacity, the good news that we see at the moment in terms of 2017 and Shanghai is that growth rates are lot more moderate and some were in the region of 15% to 20% as opposed to 100% this year. And I think maybe Jason could talk to you a little bit about the other markets.
Michael W. Bayley: Hey, Harry. It's Michael. One of the things that I think Richard had commented on earlier is the journey of this market. Certainly, we're optimistic about the overall future in terms of the market potential and we've been very actively engaged in the broadening and the opening of channels in the marketplace. So, I think the comment that I think Tim had made earlier with regards to digestion problems, I think we're working quite actively and we believe our competition is doing the same thing in kind of dealing with this in terms of opening distribution. There is no issue with demand. The demands there in the markets there is the building of the distribution quickly enough to handle the capacity. So, at the moment, we're still working through what we think 2017 would look like and I'm sure we'll be able to talk more about that later on.
Michael W. Bayley: Yeah, Greg. Hi. It's Michael. This really is something that we're seeing in Shanghai as we said earlier. We think of China really in these three different distinct markets. And we're seeing it more in Shanghai. We're seeing it in Shanghai, rather. And that's, we think, pretty much related to the significant 100% plus capacity increase that come into the marketplace. What we've seen is it's been challenging maintaining the really peak pricing as we're moving through this period. And of course, we'd expected to see some drop off in terms of the pricing, but we're obviously working with our partners in terms of developing promotional strategies and what have you to stimulate the demand at the right price. What we are seeing is that load factor percentages are exceeding our expectations.
Michael W. Bayley: Well. Greg, it's Michael again. In terms of the North American source market for the European product, we reached a point around June actually, June into July, where the North America demand starts to naturally drop off for European product. So, the latest issues have had not such profound impact on the North Americans because we see the drop-off coming. It's a decline over time. But with the European market, I think Richard had mentioned it or Jason had mentioned it earlier. Particularly after Brexit, we've seen no drop-off at all in the demand. And, certainly, from the European markets, we've been pleased with the demand that we've seen and the European market seems to be particularly resilient. Normally, after we see an incident, an event, a terrorist event, you get this drop-off with bookings from both European and America markets. And what we're beginning to see is the recovery is a lot more rapid in both markets, and certainly in the European market.
Michael W. Bayley: Yeah. Robin, it's Michael. Yeah, I think it's a good question. I mean, obviously, I don't think we've mentioned it previously, but with the softness that we've seen, still China continues to generate above-average yields and it's accretive to our business. And that's how we view the China market and I think that's what we'll see in 2017.
