Jason T. Liberty: Hey, Steve. We won't hate you and also not surprised by the question. So, I think, as we look at the 2020 Vision, again, what we're seeing specifically is that we expect our earnings to be in the double-digits by 2020. We're not giving a specific target of a specific number, but I'll tell you, I would say that the foundation which is moderate yield growth, good cost control, moderate capacity growth, that is what we believe from what we've seen in the past is that kind of formula to success. So, I don't think we're trying to guide to a specific number. What we're trying to do is again pivot the organization to coordinates that are based on that formula that get you to double-digit earnings.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah, sure, Steve. Certainly, as we mentioned in our remarks, yeah, there were five to six weeks of softness in demand and obviously that would be specifically around the Caribbean. So, what I would lead you to that we've said that we expect to be up on both a rate and volume basis for 2018. I would add that we were actually up quite nicely on both rate and volume for the first quarter and the Caribbean is contributing to that.
Jason T. Liberty: Hey, Robin. I'll just take the first point on China yields for this year and I'll let Michael talk about what he – or his point of view on China with there being lower capacity for next year. Obviously, we haven't and we don't guide specifically by market. So, the comment around strong close-in demand was relative to our expectations and it's a trend that we had been seeing creeping up, but it was even better than we had expected in the third quarter and also with that going into the fourth quarter. And I'll let Michael talk about 2018.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes. So, Robin, as it relates to the target, the target is double-digit earnings per share between now and 2020. Now, to get to double-digit earnings, you need to have double-digit earnings growth rate as well, but the target is specifically around earnings. And then, as it relate to share repurchase, the goal is based off of how we see the underlying performance, a moderate yield growth, good cost control and moderate capacity growth.
Jason T. Liberty: And, Jamie, just to add, I mean I think one trend in which we talked about in our remarks is one thing you see across the board is you're seeing people spend much more money on experiences than on things like retail as an example. So, my commentary around shore excursion or Internet or beverage more things that are experiential in nature than something out of the gift shop is where you see this change and that's not just in the higher-end, it's really kind of across all classes.
Jason T. Liberty: Very demanding, I know. I think we're going to stick to, as we look at our targets, that one of those being that we reach double-digit earnings per share and continuing to improve on our ROIC. Obviously, you can do the sensitivities on yield and on cost that would get you there before, but I think that, again, we'll kind of focus on moderate yield growth and good cost control during the period.
Jason T. Liberty: I would say that we expect yields to be up in all four quarters, but as you pointed out, we expect it in Q1 to be higher than it would be in Q2 because of the shift in Easter and the dry-dock impact.
Jason T. Liberty: All right, Jared, well, again, we're not going to give specific guidance for 2018. I think you did a good job of talking about some of the headwinds and some of the tailwinds. What I can tell you is that we will continue. It is very much ingrained in the DNA of the company for us to strongly manage our costs, but, of course, as you said, there are some headwinds that we're going to have to manage through next year like we do every year. And on the D&A side, I think the key considerations are obviously there's new assets that are coming into play with Symphony, Edge, which is really not in effect because it comes in the latter part of the year and Azamara Pursuit, those are some of the elements that will impact D&A. So I would expect D&A to rise obviously more than 2017, because in 2017, we had no new capacity.
Jason T. Liberty: I mean it's all immaterial relative certainly to our revenues. Effectively, if we had a passenger that had changed or had called up because of the impacted sailing and weren't able to take them, we would provide future cruise certificates. So, a lot of that negative impact would have been taken in the third quarter and then as those future – as those certificates get redeemed, they would be – that's when the revenue would be recognized in the future.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes, hi, Harry. No. So, I would say that in 2018, certainly the dry-dock days are – or most of them are in the first half of the year. But the dry-dock days are more typical to what we saw in 2016 versus 2017, but I mean, those are kind of accounted for in the capacity growth numbers that we provided.
Jason T. Liberty: Hey, Tim, just to kind of give you a sense, over the past several years, we're carrying about 33% more millennials than we did several years ago.
Jason T. Liberty: Hi, Sharon. On the equity income side, it's really mainly the story around our joint ventures. TUI would obviously be the leader of that, but we also have a joint venture with Pullmantur now and it's really those are the kind of underlying drivers on below the line. And then, on the Internet side, no, we don't give a percent in terms of how that number has grown over time, but it is a combination of both rate and penetration and that it is driving up our Internet as well as we keep introducing new things that attract people to use more bandwidth on the ships.
Jason T. Liberty: Great. Okay. So, thank you, Paul, for your assistance with the call today and we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Carola will be available for any follow-ups you might have and we really wish you all a great day. Take care.
Richard D. Fain: Steven, it's Richard, and if I could just add something to that, and yes, we won't hate you, but first of all, I think there aren't many companies that are giving three-year targets with – you said only 11% to 12% growth rates. I think that's pretty good in the first place. But I also think – I like to emphasize that these programs really aren't intended to be financial targets for the investment community. This is something that really that we use for our employees, for ourselves to drive how we manage the business. And it's really intended to focus on the drivers of success, on the good performance of our fleet, the satisfaction of our guests, the engagement of our crew, et cetera. And so, the financial metrics come out of that, but internally, I think that was really the success of the Double- Double, was it got everybody pushing to the things that would make us successful. And so, I would just emphasize that. I understand it needs to have that financial metrics as well and those are important and that's also part of what we need to communicate to our people. But I would just like to say, I think we feel quite good about the 2020 program and think it will drive us to continue to excel.
Richard D. Fain: So, hi, Jamie. It's Richard. Most of that are the two ship modernization programs that you cited. It's been something and we found we've been very successful with that in some of the ones we've been doing over the last few years. So, this is a continuation of that. Some of the things that we've done on our newer ships are just really very impactful in terms of consumer trends and what they want. And so, that's very much a part of it. So, that's the bulk of it actually. There is also some of it that is related to our technological investments, in particular our digital investments, which we call Excalibur. So, we've talked about that. We have an investment day, where we're going to be talking about that in today or tomorrow in a lot more detail, but we see those technological investments. We've frankly already been making a lot, but I think we see the need increasing. And so, that is part of the increase that you're referring to.
Richard D. Fain: Hi, Jamie. Yes, it does. Interestingly, when we talk about the two programs, Celebrity Revolution and Royal Amplified, really a lot of the thinking that's going into that is really thinking through how our guests spend is changing and you'll start to see that when we bring these ships out of the modernization, the program that we've really reallocated space to generate better revenues in areas that we see guests now naturally gravitating to.
Richard D. Fain: Well, David, thank you. I think you summarized my view accurately. I do think that the underlying strength of the industry is powerful and I think that will continue. I just think one needs to be a little bit realistic about how quickly you can move those things. And so, we think, obviously, we are not trying to direct the organization to a level of yield increase. We clearly want to maximize that. What we want to pivot the organization to is to provide the things that will drive consumer to our travel agents and to our website and basically to buy cruises. And hopefully that will result in continued strong yield improvement. So, by saying moderate yield increase, I think we are really trying to telegraph that to get strong results, we don't need staggeringly large yield improvements. We are an industry where if we can get relatively moderate yield increases, that results in really very strong bottom line growth. But obviously if we can break out of the 2% to 4% range, as we did this year, we intend to exercise every effort we know how to accomplish that.
Richard D. Fain: So, obviously, I think that was a point I was trying to emphasize. You have to look at both sides of that. You have to look at the supply side of it and the demand side of it. And I absolutely agree with you, the increase in the supply is clearly a factor in that. I think the reason that I'm expressing confidence is that I believe that the increasing demand more than compensates for that, because the new ships are more attractive and they bring in more people and also they attract higher yields. So, I think we've tried to look at this and we've tried to put the 2020 Vision together, taking into account all that we know about the next year – the next few years and that includes the supply side, which, as you say, is a little bit higher than it has been.
Richard D. Fain: Tim, on your question on the rollout of Excalibur, the new digital system, it's pretty much going along the path that we had previously said. The hurricanes did mess us up a bit, obviously, disrupted operations for a good six to seven weeks and that probably caused a corresponding delay in some of the detailed rollouts. But overall, we are still expecting to be, and you'll see more of this tomorrow, of course, 12% or 13% by the end of 2017, half by the end of 2018 and almost everything by the end of 2019. So, by and large, as frustrating as the disruption was, that's pretty much going on track.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Robin. Yeah, we're kind of encouraged a little bit by the capacity reduction in the China market in 2018 and there's also the rumors with regards to South Korea opening up and we're all waiting to hear if there will be an announcement on that. So, when you combine those two factors together and you look at the work that we've been doing on building distribution and opening up all of the channels, we feel quite good about China in 2018. And we know we have good years and then some bumpy years, but we're feeling as if 2018 is looking quite promising. On Europe, there's always that switchover time on the sourcing for European product. It sources typically very well out of the North American market and the closer you get into sailing, then we tend to source more out of the European markets. One of the things that we've got in 2018, of course, is Symphony of the Seas will be introduced into Europe and will be sailing out of Barcelona. We're very encouraged by the forward bookings for Symphony of the Seas and it's outperforming Harmony at the moment.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Greg. We're already seeing booking trends return to normal on pre-hurricane levels. So, we've already seen that kind of correction take place. And then, with regards to this, the idea that maybe people are booking other destinations other than Caribbean, I mean that happens in the normal give and take of a year anyway, that people do switch out destinations, but we haven't seen anything noticeable in terms of a trend occurring with regards to that idea.
Michael Bayley: Yes. I mean, it's funny you bring that up. I don't feel like our promotional activity has been any greater or any lesser. After the hurricanes passed, we did have more promotional activity for a short period of time, but now, we've gone into our regular kind of promotional calendar cadence that is quite typical as we push into Q4 and as we look at how we're booking into 2018. So, it's really return to its normal levels. And, of course, just as a reminder, we have our price integrity program that we're very pleased with and that's also helping us out.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Jamie. It's Michael. I mean we're seeing really all over kind of a lift in onboard spend coming from all segments and we think that's reflected really in consumer confidence and how well the stock market is doing. So, whether it's the higher-end customer or mid-level, everybody is spending a little bit more at the moment.
Michael Bayley: Yeah, David. I think we've been actively developing the China market for many years and certainly the last couple of years we increased the intensity of the development of the various channels and we put a lot of focus on that development and we put a lot of resources into the market to do that. We've been quite pleased with the results that we generated, particularly, for example, in the direct channel, it's done very well for us. And then expanding the base of sellers, of course, beyond the typical wholesalers, we've made progress there. So, I think, we've seen – we're beginning to see the results of the work that we've put into the market over the past several years beginning to come, pay back for us.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Harry. It's Michael. Initially when all of this hit the media, we obviously received a spike in calls and communication from guests and travel partners. Everybody was trying to seek clarity, but after literally a few days, things just returned to normal and the business is very good for our Cuba product.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Tim. I'll take the first part of the question with regards to new to cruise and millennial. Certainly for – well, all of the brands, but in particular for Royal, we've got an acute focus on developing the new to cruise and millennial market and we've been very pleased with the progress that we've made over the past three years. And in fact, if you go back before that three-year period, we were actually in a situation where year-over-year, we saw a decline in new to cruise and millennial and over the past three years, we've seen a very good increase year-over-year. So, that's kind of very much part of our marketing and communications focus on new to cruise and millennial and we're seeing good progress and we continue that journey.
