Jason Liberty: Yeah. Good morning, Steve, hope all is well. So I think maybe just first starting off on the back half of the year. Obviously, our yields have grown significantly since 2019. So the back half of the year, our yields are up 25% versus 2019. And so I think our commentary of strength and how we feel about the back half of the year, I think, is still very bullish. But as you mentioned, we have been ahead of the curve in terms of bringing our business back up. And so our load factors relative to last year, our load factors were pretty normalized in the back half of last year. So really, all the yield improvement that you're seeing in Q3 and Q4 is really being driven by price. And so I think it's a really strong indication that not only the willingness to pay more, but these prices continue to increase as we build and manage demand. When we think about 2025, first, the reason why -- it's July, so we typically don't talk a lot about 2025. So it is early. We mentioned in the release that we're now in a place where we're taking more bookings for 2025 than we are for 2024. So the strength in the commentary that we talk about on pricing and pricing increasing, it very much applies to 2025 and beyond. So we feel very good. We're in a very strong book position for 2025, pricing is up and increasing are the trends that we continue to see. But I think it's important to just note again that load factor recovery is done. We are operating at full factors. I think it needs to also take into account that the yields have improved by over 25% versus 2019. So it's not necessarily a like-for-like story in the industry, I think, to point to. So I think we feel really good about 2025. The pattern show pricing continues to accelerate. And I think that, what you're starting to see in the back half of the year is still elevated compared to like what we described as our formula of success of that moderate yield growth, which is typically around 3% to 5%, and we're pointing to a yield profile that is at the very top end of that in Q4 and above. And so I think we feel that for us, if we're growing our yields moderately controlling our cost, growing our business in a disciplined way, what you see is significant margin accretion, significant return profile and continued step change step change -- significant in our earnings profile.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, so I would comment, Brandt, first, hope all is well. It's actually, if anything, the like-for-like is growing faster than what would be in our typical algorithm. And as new ships come on, they're meaningful, but the overall denominator is much larger. So the impact on yield profile, I mean, Icon is obviously just unbelievably successful, Utopia is crushing it. But it's a smaller percentage of our overall denominator. So really, what you're reading into that 5% is that the like-for-like is growing. And as part of that story is not just a ticket, but it's also what's happening onboard. And I think the power of our pre-cruise commerce engine is shifting more and more of that booking activity for onboard spend forward, which is also resulting in us getting our guests to have a fuller breadth of experiences, which increases our share of wallet.
Jason Liberty: Yes. We obviously -- we have the opportunity of taking on 25,000, 30,000, 35,000 bookings a day. You're going to see the cash register ring every -- pretty much every second somewhere in the world on our ships. And I know there might be a group seeking to hear that there's some type of break in the pattern, but there just isn't we're seeing our guests the booking window continues to extend, so they're planning further out, their willingness to pay more for these incredible vacation experiences continues to increase. So our pricing continues to increase into 2025 and into 2026. And that's not just happening at the short product that's happening in the ultra-luxury space as well. And I think, Brandt, it's -- people say, well, how can that that be? I think it's still just a reality there's still a 20% value gap to land-based vacation. And you get a lot of bang for the buck when you're traveling with our brands. And I think that value gap is potentially shielding us from some of that that noise that you're hearing from land-based operators. But for us, whether you look at it by product, whether you look at it by market, whether you look -- well, whether it's ticket or whether it's on board, the trends that we see is just continued acceleration on the pricing side. Now there's some reality as well that we're managing to, which is, we’re really well booked and you're never at that optimal or you too booked or under booked, but for us, we probably -- because we have less inventory to sell in the back half of this year, a lot of that pricing opportunity is also -- is going to fall into 2025.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. And Vince, I think just to add, because I think Utopia is just a great example of our intentionality. I mean each of our brands are hyper-focused on understanding the different segments, the consumer of today and the consumer of tomorrow and growing demand. And our commentary around what's happening with the younger generation and half of our guests are now in that category, though I consider myself young but I'm not in that category, I guess. But it's us trying to address these multiple generations, these multiple experiences that people are looking to collect and trying hard to meet our guests there. And I think you can see that whether you're looking at Utopia with the short, whether you're seeing that with Icon on seven, but you see that in Celebrity, you see that with Silversea. And our goal is to really make sure we have an experience that matches with the guests at different points in life and that goes to our overarching strategy of having a lifetime of vacations.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. Well, I think when you – certainly a full year of Utopia, a full year or half a year of Star will definitely be something that I would point to that will contribute to our yield improvement next year as well as like-for-like. Xcel is at the very, very end of the year, and Royal Beach Club will be towards the back half of the year, and that will ramp itself up as we typically do to make sure it's operationally perfect. And so I think those are the -- I think Xcel and the Royal Beach Club will probably be more of a driver in 2026 than it will be in 2025. But certainly, that new capacity is -- it benefits us. And what we're seeing in the like-for-like pricing is that we expect that to be a meaningful contributor to our yields in 2025, as well as, by the way, onboard spend activity.
Jason Liberty: Well, I think -- so the comment on the -- just getting started and you're all very familiar with this. But when we've talked about Trifecta, and even internally, we talked about it as base camp. So we've hit it. We've announced we're hitting it, but you won't see anybody here like doing victory laps. It's getting our business. We're now back to full strength, full financial health. And if you just take what we've talked about with our formula of moderate yield growth, cost discipline, discipline in the growth of our business, it drives significant margin and returns for the business. You combine that with the land-based things like the World Beach Club in the Bahamas and the Royal Beach Club in Mexico, you see the power of the earnings and the returns that are going to come forward here in the business. So I think when we look at like what's next. It's now setting ourselves on how do we make sure we execute on those significant margin drivers. And if you think about, just in 2024, a 1% change in our yields is $120 million. 1% change in our cost is about half of that. So if you're continuing to grow your yields faster than you're growing your costs or significantly faster than you're growing costs, that's going to deliver a lot of margin and return. The other point that I would add is that, when we -- like what are chasing like we're -- again, we're not chasing our cruise competitors. What we're chasing is how do we grab more and more share from that $1.9 trillion and growing vacation market. And I think with things like Icon and Utopia and Nova and Xcel, et cetera, and the private destinations, what we're doing is trying to further differentiate ourselves and real in more of those land-based consumers and to make sure that we are a clear consideration and a vacation choice. And if we do that really well, that's where we can further close the gap to land-based vacation and that will -- because there's so much operating leverage in this business, that's going to drive significant earnings power and returns to our shareholders.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Sure. Well, thanks, Conor. And of course, these things are always Board decisions. I think the dividend really reflects that now we have gotten ourselves into our balance sheet zone, our credit metric zone, that we have been focused on doing. And I think that historically, we've used both the dividend and other forms like share repurchasing to return capital shareholders. And I would suspect that we would kind of be focused on both of those things and growing both of those things over time. So I think the dividend and the amount of the dividend, I think, is a reflection of, again, keeping ourselves in that to 3.25 times to 3.5 times debt-to-EBITDA zone. We've reached that on the 3.5 times side, but our ultimate goal is to make sure we have a competitive dividend and opportunistically buy back shares over time.
Jason Liberty: Yes, sure. So I think that you could see that obviously in the guide we had in the beginning of the year to where we are today, right? We're about 400 plus basis points higher than we were in our expectations in the beginning of the year. So that's a reflection of an acceleration demand and really acceleration in price. So your takeaway from that is, clearly, we left some money on the table and we were too booked going into WAVE. Now how we decide to take on those revenues is we have a very sophisticated revenue management system, a very sophisticated management team, that is looking at historical trends, what's happening in the market, to inform price and how much we take on and when. And so I think for us, it's always a debate on -- and again, this is always probably plus or minus 5 percentage points in terms of where our book position should be as we lost different periods. And of course, our ultimate goal here is not tell you that we're in record this or record that. Our ultimate goal here is to optimize our revenue. And that's what our tools do each and every day, and it could very well be that we cross the year in the same type of book position or a little bit less, or a little bit more and that's just to make sure that we are, again, maximizing and optimizing our revenue.
Jason Liberty: Hey, Robin. Thanks for the question. So first, we feel we have a very good line of sight on our order book. And it's all subscribed to being disciplined in the growth of our business. And of course, as we're adding capacity into our fleet, just always remind that as you're seeing with Utopia and Icon, where you're seeing with Silver Ray, et cetera, they're going into different segments and different markets and different deployments each and every day. So of course, in the cruise ship business or in the cruise business, you're always thinking longer term, you're not just thinking longer term in terms of growth and orders, but also your environmental footprint and what we can be doing to further reduce our emissions and the fuel that we burn, et cetera. So this is a longer-term business and designs of ships like Icon, which you heard us talk about with seven years in the making. So this just doesn't happen a couple of years out. So I think we feel very confident about our path of growth and we feel very confident in our ability to take on those orders in a very disciplined way. We're always going through and look -- we're always designing the next classes of ships really for all of our brands. We specifically pick segments and brands in those segments and deployments and experiences that we believe have a very long runway to generate demand globally as each of our brands are globally sourced business. And of course, the other thing I think that's important when you think about ship classes, whether they could be small, they could be larger, is kind of also a consideration that we also have ships that are reaching 30, 35 years. And so some of this is not just about we want to build same size ships, ships, smaller it's also replacing ships that will eventually kind of reach their end of life. And I think when your question comes about the drivable market, the ships that you're referring to that we're looking potentially at smaller ships will probably replace some of those older ships. It's a little bit less about the sourcing market. It's more about where those ships can go. It's getting them into maybe some of the more unique and bespoke destinations further diversify our footprint around the world. We go to about 1,000 different destinations today and we keep more and more and trying to spread out where our guests go size of the ship can sometimes matter. And I think our brands are always designing to how do we have the most flexible platform to deliver the experiences in which our guests are looking to go on.
Naftali Holtz: And Steve, I'll just add one more thing about 2019. I said it in my prepared remarks, but also remember, in 2019, the first half had an easier comp, right, because we didn't have CocoCay open. It opened in the second half of the year, and that with a lot of other structural changes, it was five years ago. It's pretty consistent through that period in terms of your growth.
Naftali Holtz: And Matt, I guess the one -- on your question on the margin. So we're very happy with way we've obviously executed in the last 2 years, and you can see our margins much higher than 2019. And this was because we were focused on our formula and kind of continuing to have profitable growth. That doesn't change going forward. So as we think about new ships, new experiences, new initiatives, we want to continue to grow the revenue. That's obviously a great opportunity, as Jason said, $65 billion category, $1.9 trillion market. We see this as an amazing opportunity to win share from the consumer and continue to grow the business and expand it. And while doing that with higher margins. And I'll go back to what Jason said, 1% is -- of net revenue yield is $120 million, 1% of NCCX $16 million, so you can see that if we continue on this formula and continue to grow the business, there's much more runway on the margin itself, that also creates a lot of free cash flow, right? We're a much bigger company today. So that will just expand our opportunities for capital allocation as well.
Naftali Holtz: And I'll just add that our balance sheet is obviously in the zone where we -- this is within the target. There's always opportunities, right? So we, obviously, first and foremost, manage maturities. We want to reduce -- continue to reduce the cost of capital. We still are not done with unsecuring our balance sheet. So we have some work to do, but we're definitely in a very strong balance sheet position that allows us to reinstate the dividend and just continue to grow the business.
Naftali Holtz: Thank you. We thank everyone for your participation and interest. Michael will be available for any follow-up. We wish you all a great day.
Michael Bayley: Hey, Steve, it's Michael. We're kind of in this great position of having very good market choices to make. We -- I believe in the long-term potential for China has not changed at all. Spectrum, as you know, we started operating it out of Shanghai a few months ago. It's performing very well in the market, and we feel good about the China market. It still hasn't reached the levels we're seeing in the American market. And of course, this is where we've got these good choices. And we have strong ambitions to grow the West Coast in the US. If you think about California as the sixth largest economy in the world. Navigator, which is the ship we put in the West Coast about a year or so ago has been performing exceptionally well. So we kind of faced with this choice, should we deploy Ovation into Tianjin or should we deploy into California? And we made the decision really based upon maximizing performance, but it doesn't in any way indicate that we're moving away from the China market. We're quite committed to the opportunity there. And I think you'll see that we'll be announcing in the future more deployment into China.
Michael Bayley: Well, it's a great question, and you kind of answered a lot of the question in your question. For the Royal brand, we are very much a multigenerational family brands. We're fortunate that we've got the scale and the size. We've seen over the past couple of years that got growth in every single segment. And we know that the on-ramp for Cruise is the short product. We've known that for quite some time. We changed up our strategy some years ago with the development of Perfect Day, CocoCay and significant investment in many of our ships that we moved to the short cruise market. And we started to really aggregate that segment of our business. And the volume of new-to-cruise is significantly higher on short product than it is on longer for very logical reasons, which I think you touched on. It's just a much easier product to purchase. It's only a few days. It's less investment of time for new-to-cruise. And we found that when you get the product right, you can stimulate it a large amount of demand. And I think what we've seen with Utopia is it was a very strategic decision to take a brand new Oasis class that we started to work on some years ago in terms of the product vibe, the energy, what we're offering the customer and placing it into really, the Port Canaveral, Orlando market, drive to market, which is significant. It's a great product to put up against what we see in Orlando, and it's easy to package a trip on Utopia as well as maybe a trip to Orlando. But certainly, we've seen the demand has been outstanding for that product, and we're only in the second week of Utopia, and it is literally knocking it out of the park, exceptionally high customer satisfaction, Net Promoter Scores, the onboard revenues being just very strong. We're very pleased with the onboard revenue and guests are booking it. So, we know that if we get that product right and we can put our best foot forward, that then we'll see a significant upswing in repeat to brand because of what they've experienced with Utopia. And certainly, when you think of Icon in the seven-day market and soon to be Star of the Seas, which is also going to Port Canavera down into Perfect Day. We've got a really good, strong range of products that we can offer to the customer and they're booking it. Just as a side headline, Icon now is currently sailing at around 132% load factor, which is -- we're just delighted with very high customer satisfaction.
Michael Bayley: Hi Ben, it's Michael. Yes, it's positioned as another incredible experience. It's a Beach Club experience. It's exactly what our customers are looking for when they go to the Caribbean. They are seeking an experience on the beach. So, it's a Royal Caribbean Beach Club. It will fit very well into Perfect Day, particularly for the short product market. You can spend a day in Perfect Day. And then the next day, you can spend a day in the Beach Club. So, it's kind of like totally perfect. And we think we're going to see very strong demand for the product. We've deployed. We've got our itinerary set for the Beach Clubs as they come online. And it will be a combination of short product, including Perfect Day, longer product that may call into the Beach Club as it goes into Nashville and often -- more often than not including Perfect Day as well. So, it's really a very complementary product that fits extremely well with Perfect Day, and it also fits very well into short and long product. So, we think it's going to be really a huge success. And the demographics are exactly the same as the Perfect Day and the same for the brand.
Michael Bayley: In terms of spend, we think it's going to be very similar. There are some differences because the Beach Club is a full purchase experience, whereas Perfect Day, there's huge amount of the experience is complementary and then there's many elements of the experience that you purchase. Because we -- when you go to Perfect Day, the entire ship goes there and it's the entire day for the guest. Whereas when you have the Beach Club experience, it's an experience that's available to the guest, but the guest can choose other experiences as well. So, there's literally a ticket price to enter into the Beach Club.
