Adam M. Goldstein: Felicia, it's Adam. One of the notable and consistent characteristics of our industry is that everybody ships go out full, at least in the -- amongst the major brands and the mainstream part of the industry. And as far as I know, that continues to be the case throughout the industry. We have -- there are many factors that go into choosing a Royal Caribbean Cruise. There is obviously, Carnival and other main brands compete with us everyday, but we have a lot of brand loyalty amongst our own customers, and it's really hard to say what any development related to any one other specific competitor cruise line means for our booking. Our sense is generally, we're doing the business that we do with the types of customers that we've had over time. And we would expect that to continue to be the case, as we go forward. As far as Europe goes, I think with everything that we've read in the news, as Richard was alluding to earlier, it has -- it makes all of us nervous. And when there's very limited visibility to an upcoming season in this year, and we felt the same thing last year, we feel like there's a higher degree of risk attached to our outlook. But as we have experienced the WAVE, and Brian noted particularly, in February, we began to see meaningful demand from our European source markets for the European cruises. And at this juncture, as I mentioned, we feel the risk looking forward to the rest of the summer or fall season is comparable to the risk that we have on other programs. Now Europeans taking European cruises are relatively a later booking -- a closer-in booking phenomenon. And so there's still a lot of activity that remains to be seen. But it looks like the main market, and certainly taking into consideration that we've reduced capacity, as we've mentioned, our booking at a pace that has somewhat de-risked our outlook for this coming season.
Adam M. Goldstein: Yes, I would say our concern, which I hope you would agree is understandable given the world that we're living in, made us somewhat cautious in our outlook before, but we have somewhat more visibility now and we're somewhat more confident.
Adam M. Goldstein: Greg, we really are not in a position to comment on any one competitor's possible actions or even actual actions. What we do and we -- and I don't know what else one would do because everyday, we feel the demand coming from the market and we take whatever pricing actions, promotions we believe are appropriate for the business that we feel, and that's true across all of our 6 brands, and I'm sure that will be true into the future. And whatever happens, we'll play out, as people try to book us by the phone and by the computer.
Adam M. Goldstein: Greg, it's Adam again. First of all, I would emphasize that there has not been a momentous shift in the divisions amongst who's been with us before, who's never been with us before, but have cruised with somebody else, who's on a cruise ship for the first time in their life. When we talk to our best travel agents, the best producers that we have and we were with them in connection with the Quantum event in New York, it is their sense, as it is ours, that negative publicity about the industry at any time, and Richard mentioned this in his opening comment, has a somewhat disproportionate effect on first-timers. Nobody has to cruise. Everybody has choices of what to do. And people who have cruised before, who have personally experienced the dedication to safety that is throughout the industry, and who have seen the procedures and protocols that the cruise industry, marine and hotel personnel go through on an everyday basis, are generally very comfortable with the environment. And if you've never experienced it before, you're more likely to wonder about that. So of course, our job as marketers is to get these people on board, so they're all experienced and they all know. But for now, it will probably have more an effect on potential first-timers. The problem is that people don't call us on the phone to tell us that they're not booking with us. We take the business that is coming to us.
Adam M. Goldstein: Steve, it's Adam. We certainly have a lot of internal dialogue about the timing of deployment releases, trying to understand whether there's really solid evidence in our history for the -- whether releasing earlier or later is better or worse. And all I can tell about that, because I think this is really competitive in terms of what we actually choose to do, is that we have a lot of focus on this and we pay careful attention to what's happening in the market. And we will release our deployment at the times that we believe are optimal for each of our respective brands. Because our brands have quite different attitudes towards the marketplace, experience different booking curves, and therefore, would have different references as to when to release deployment even within our same company.
Adam M. Goldstein: I would say, Sharon, that if you lined up the deployment of any of the -- any one major cruise line in this industry against one other one and look at where the deployment tends to overlap, there will be some degree of competition and cross shopping. And that stands the reason because one of the valuable roles that travel agents play in this industry is to give objective advice about the different choices that people have and there are fortunately a lot of choices that the cruise industry presents to the customers. So if you look at where we and one other cruise line have ships in the same place at the same time, there's going to be cross shopping. And what we try to do as marketers is make sure that the travel agents and the customers know the features and the benefits that make us special, and that we believe cause great value on the proposition to the guest. And that will be true wherever we meet up against any particular cruise line in the world. And as you know, we're very confident in the ability of our respective brands to compete against their major competitors at wherever we may meet them.
Adam M. Goldstein: Well I don't have specific data. One of the things we've always claimed about the Royal Caribbean International brand in particular is that we believe it's the most versatile brand in the industry. It's also one of the 2 largest brands in the industry. So if we're in a popular market, where many of the other brands are, of the big brands, then the so-called other contemporary brands, we will have some degree of competition with, meaning that some percentage of the guests will be choosing between us and other contemporary brands. And at the same time, because Royal Caribbean is fully capable of competing against the so-called premium cruise lines, there will be some percentage of the potential customers weighing our features and benefits against those of the other premium cruise lines. So if you -- in the example that you gave, there are probably some customers who would consider Four Seasons versus Hyatt, but there would be others who would be very loyal to the Hyatt brand wouldn't think about Four Seasons and vice versa. So it really -- really you have to, in my opinion, look carefully at the particular region of deployment, who's there, and then understand what the likely competitive scenario will be, which is of course one of the inputs into how we choose our deployment.
Adam M. Goldstein: 1 Tim, so the Australian market has been a very robust fast-growing market. The country, although as mentioned, maybe at the moment isn't doing as economically well as it has been, the last many years have been exceptionally positive for Australia as a country. And the overall GDP per capita is very favorable compared to even very developed other countries around the world. So that country of 25 million people is clearly able to support a significant amount of cruise activity. And one of the results there's been a lot of capacity going there, both ours and others. And as I mentioned in my opening comments, the results in the near term is flat to slightly lower yield outlook for us for this year. But we feel very strongly and positive about the Australian market. There's a wonderful array of destinations to be visited from cruises originating in Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane and Auckland. And we would expect that Australia, as a southern summer market, will continue to grow and be a mainstay of the cruise industry going forward.
Adam M. Goldstein: Robin, I think demand for Europe -- from Europe has been better than we expected. But I do want to reiterate that our expectations weren't very high. And it isn't -- that it's been such a strong market this year, it's just that we are a little bit pleasantly surprised that although actually the external news has been more negative than we expected, our results are actually slightly better than we expected. So it's more that we've overcome bad news by the momentum of our brands rather than we are suggesting that the market is as strong. So at this point, we're not contemplating changing our basic strategy towards Europe.
Adam M. Goldstein: Again, I don't have a precise answer to your question. Our pricing by the principal market is generally more similar than different. So changing mix amongst them, I don't think, would have produced a very different result than what we're seeing. And the price support would come from the fact that we have more demand generation from other parts of the world which bolster our ability to take whatever actions need to be taken in Europe itself.
Adam M. Goldstein: Thank you. So the relationship that we have with the travel agency distribution system that Richard described is both a source of great pride to us and is consistently reflected in the feedback from the travel agents, including as I mentioned just the other day when we were we our top travel partners at the time of the Quantum of the Seas reveal. Having said that, clearly, that relationship is predicated on us giving competitive compensation to them for producing for us. They're all in this business for profits as well as we are. And if they don't feel that we're giving them a fair shake on compensation, they may love us and our products, but they're going somewhere else. So -- and also, they're always asking for more compensation, which you can't blame them for doing. The shareholders -- our shoulders, are typically wondering if there's some way that we can pay them less compensation, but you can't blame the shareholders for asking that either. But it's our responsibility to navigate the right balance, reflecting the value -- the great rate value that they contribute to the success of our business model, neither underpaying nor overpaying. And I would point out that the foundations of travel agency compensation over a good number of years now are much more stable than unstable. It's pretty clear what the building block elements of travel agency compensation are, and it's pretty clear that travels agents are willing to produce good business for us with the existing components of their compensation.
Brian J. Rice: I think that before the bad press was out there, we were probably running a little bit better than we had expected. March, particularly out of North American demand for the Caribbean, we saw softness. And I think the metrics are now getting back toward where we would expect on a daily basis. I wouldn't say that we made fully made up the bookings that were lost during the month of March. But I think we are getting back in equilibrium now.
Brian J. Rice: Greg, I think, in my comments, I specifically tried to call out where our pricing was because I know there's a lot of reaction in the analyst community whenever they see pricing. And I think it's important to recognize that we compete against different bands. Regionally, we compete with different brands and different itineraries. And I think it's important to look at the whole portfolio. There is -- I've been in the industry for over 25 years and there's always promotional activity out there. And it's very hard when you're looking mainly at North America and you're looking at certain promotions on itineraries to extrapolate that to the whole. And I think you're going to continue to see promotions by us. You're going to see them by our competitors. And I would caution you not to read too much into any one deal as you see it. And as Adam said, our revenue management team is reacting to the demand that we're seeing for our brands, not necessarily what others are doing.
Brian J. Rice: Sure, Steve. We had about $0.08 of favorability on costs in the first quarter, most of which was marketing and it was attributable to us. Our brand was going a little quieter during all the bad press, which is something we would traditionally do. We do expect to reinvest that money in subsequent quarters, including a portion of it in Q2. We did save another $0.02 due to FX, and I think that's money that will fall to the top line.
Brian J. Rice: Assia, we -- when we gave our original guidance in February, we were counting on some benefit giving the easier comparables. And that was baked into our guidance. And I think what we're saying right now is we feel a little bit more confident about Europe. I think it's -- we're -- a lot of these changes that we're talking about in terms of the performance in the Caribbean, the performance in Europe, is really around the margins. And what we're trying to do is be extremely transparent and tell you where the puts and takes are, but I would caution you not to overread too much into our comments that these are fundamental shifts in demand. We are benefiting from easier comps, and I think we've said that we expect to have yield improvement in Europe this summer.
Brian J. Rice: Yes, I think we had said back in early February that we were a little less than 50% booked for Europe. And today, we're around 70% booked, to give you some sense of where we are. We're still counting on more business. But the fact that we have maintained our full year guidance, despite the fact that we had a good first quarter, certainly implies that we've taken a little bit of a haircut in Q2 through Q4.
Brian J. Rice: Sharon, I'll take the first part on Europe. I think, generally speaking, Europe as a whole was doing better than we had expected. The markets that I would say we're seeing the most softness in would be, of course, Spain. And then probably secondarily the U.K. would be a little bit weaker than maybe we would have expected. Germany has actually held up quite well for us with -- particularly with our TUI Cruises brand. We're very pleased with it's performance. And then the other markets, in general, seem to be doing well. And I'll let Adam take the second part.
Brian J. Rice: Tim, in terms of the booking window, specifically the Europe, we've pretty much seen an across-the-board expansion of the booking curve. The last couple of months, we monitor this for every market and what is the average cruise that people are booking, how far out. And we've actually seen that expand pretty much across the board, including within Europe. The onboard revenue, it's pretty much across the board as I said, particularly the ships that have had the revitalizations, have done well. And even some of the new deployments have done quite well. It's been in all the different revenue centers. It was pretty much across the board in the first quarter. As it relates to by region, again, we saw an uplift on all ships. I wouldn't call it out as any one region did necessarily better than the other. I do think our brands are learning the new markets better and providing the sort of product offering that guests in some of the newer markets really value and are willing to pay for. And I'll let Adam talk about Australia.
Brian J. Rice: James, I'll take a crack at this one since Adam and Richard haven't closed the door on it. I think it really, I want to emphasize, our view of Europe is really on the margin, and it is slightly better than our expectations were in early February. I think I would emphasize the fact that we are happy that we took 10% of our capacity out of Europe this year. We are dealing with an easy comparable, we think we are in a good place in terms of our capacity relative to what the market condition is right now. Our preliminary plans for next year is that we might have a slight reduction again in Europe, which we hope would give us pricing leverage, which is something we have been criticized a lot for, is putting overcapacity in markets, and I think what we're trying to do is really get the highest pricing we can in -- for our whole portfolio. We are excited about new markets, we're doing well in the Caribbean. We're going to have record yields this year. Asia, with the exception of the current tensions with Japan, seems a very promising market for us. So we may allocate a little more inventory to those markets at the expense of the capacity for Europe. But it really is trying to optimize the portfolio. And I think, again, we view Europe as slightly better than we did 3 months ago, but we're not read to declare victory there and say that, that is the new treasure chest of the industry.
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, and we'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today as usual. Ian will be available throughout the day if you have any follow-ups. And we wish everyone a good day. Thank you.
Richard D. Fain: We keep watching it, Steve. I think I would emphasize that what we said was, "It wasn't as bad as we thought." And actually, if you had been looking at the press, you would think, "Oh, it's really actually gotten worse." And I think the point we were making was, probably, economically and from an external factors, it has gotten worse. And the point we we're making was that we've overcome those, not so much that it just turned around. So at this stage, we're not looking for a major shift in our strategy, but believe me, we're watching it very closely.
Richard D. Fain: Steve, like others in the industry, we've got a longstanding practice of investing in redundancy systems, et cetera. And that does include emergency generator capacity. We do, of course, constantly review and whenever there is an incident, we try and learn from it. And so, we have again reviewed our equipment and systems in light of things going on recently. And we think that the CapEx that we normally do already covers everything we will need to do at this point. As you know, we have long a longstanding culture of continuous improvement and that does mean that we're constantly looking for ways to do you a little better. But that has been incorporated into our projections consistently over the years. And so, we don't envision any need to change our CapEx projections at this point.
Richard D. Fain: That's an interesting question. You're asking, I guess, to some degree a what-if scenario. I mean, what we are experiencing is that we have, as I mentioned first of all, we have more business coming to our European cruises from other parts of the world. And that's pretty much all other parts of the world -- United States, Asia, South Pacific and Latin America. Within Europe, it's probably somewhat consistent with the macroeconomic picture that we see. There's somewhat more business coming from Northern Europe than from Southern. We've seriously reduced our expectations for the business that we would source out of Italy, France and Spain, I'm speaking for the Royal Carribean International brand. So it's hard to know what would happen if we had done it very differently, if we had deployment arranged differently or if we marketed very differently by country than what we're doing. Clearly, we could have changed the ratio but the ratio that we're pursuing is the one that we believe is optimal for this year's performance.
Richard D. Fain: Okay. I'll try and take the first part of that and I'll ask Adam to respond on the question on the level of commissions. First of all, I certainly hope -- I mean, we put a great deal of effort into getting the travel agents to push people towards our brand all the time. And we've done that for years. We have a very strong program of trying to provide support to the travel agent community. We have always believed and continue to believe that travel agents are an important distribution system that helps differentiate products. And we believe that we have very powerful relationship with them and the awards, I think we've probably won the most awards from travel agents. And of course, we do everything we can to continue to differentiate ourselves. But one thing the industry doesn't do is compete on the basis of safety or environmental protection or other things. And that isn't terribly constructive, I think the entire industry is focused in the same direction. So I believe that we -- I do believe the industry agencies, travel agent industry, the community, is important in helping qualify potential cruisers, helping them understand the advantage and value of cruising, and I think the travel agent community is, and has been, particularly helpful in times when there is misunderstanding in the world. And right now, there's been a lot of misunderstanding in the world, and I think exaggerated media reports and others, which they have helped clarify, particularly for, as I mentioned earlier, the first-time cruiser, who I think may have the most misconceptions about cruising. And that's true of the misconceptions about cruising in terms of safety, but also inclusive of how enjoyable it is and what kind of value it is. So I think the travel agent can really explain that to people, who otherwise wouldn't know. And I think that has continued to be the case. I think we will continue to push hard to differentiate ourselves and to make sure that all travel agents know, as I believe, that in every single category of cruising, we would try and be a winner. But that's on the standard process and I think their support for the industry, as a whole, remains unchanged. And I think they've served a very powerful and helpful role in that regard not only for us but for everybody. And I'll ask Adam to address the commission level part of the question.
Richard D. Fain: This is Richard, and I can't really make comparisons. I don't know enough about what others do. I can only refer to what we do, and safety and comfort of our guests has always been the sine qua non to us, and I believe, to the entire industry. And I don't think we're, at all, alone in that. I think we all try. One of the things that I would emphasize is there is no such thing as perfect safety. There is such a thing as perfect dedication to safety and we strive towards that every day. We have tried to build into our systems multiple redundancies, and that includes all the kinds of things you've talked about. But I guess I would also say that when people -- you talked about the cost of our ships, actually usually when we have conversations about the cost of our ship, they focus around the wow features that we have on board our vessels. And as both Adam and I talked about earlier, the Quantum of the Seas launch in New York is probably the most recent example of the amazing concepts that our building team has come up with. But at the same time, I don't think it's a coincidence that the man who oversees our new building projects, and has for many years, previously headed up our safety and security department. And that's Harri Kulovaara, and he's very focused on that. And while it's true that redundancies like the ones we're talking about do increase the cost of a vessel's design, we believe those investments are well worth making.
Richard D. Fain: Well, I think all of us in the industry work very hard to that objective. And I think it's important to notice that the industry and ourselves have an amazing safety record, that what you have seen recently really is a historical anomaly. And that the industry performs thousands of cruises normally without a problem. And recently, we did have obviously a very well-publicized number of events. But I think it's fair to really emphasize that we're all working to minimize the chances of that and in an ideal world, it would be brought to 0, but there's no such thing as a 0 probability of anything. So I do think we do work at it and I think I'm proud of the devotion to safety that Harri and his team exemplifies and our Marine departments exemplify. And I expect that, that will continue as we move forward.
Richard D. Fain: Yes, so it almost doubled as we put in a much larger ship and yet, we're still getting higher yields there than last year having doubled the capacity. So the French, the CDF, Croisieres de France situation is actually doing quite well for us and we would expect to continue to expand that to take advantage of a good market position.
