Naftali Holtz: Steve, good morning, it's Naftali. So, as you can see, we are very pleased with the results. And as we think about EBITDA and how this translates to the progression throughout the year. You can see that we are increasing yields, and we expect the EBITDA growth to be higher than our yield growth. And that's because a lot of the revenue is dropping to the bottom line because we are very much focused on costs and enhancing margins.  So, if we look at what we kind of look at the guidance that we provided, we're going to -- we expect to be an eyelash away from our previous EBITDA per APCD record in 2019. And a lot of the things that we're doing and a lot of the strategies that we're employing should benefit to us as we continue to execute towards our Trifecta goal.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. Robin, it's Naftali. These sales have been fantastic partners to us. We're obviously very committed to our new build program, and they provide us very attractive financing. There's always puts and takes, but we don't expect any material changes from our financing arrangements at this point.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So, it's predominantly structural. Some of the two examples that you mentioned are there. And obviously, there will be now in our base as we go forward. As we get to our full -- our historical load factors, those transitional costs are very minimal, and we are expecting them to go away. So, it's predominantly the structural costs.
Naftali Holtz: It's roughly -- it's even less than -- yes, it's even less than 100-basis points. And with some of the COVID protocols that we had a little bit in Q1 and some of our crew movements that we need to finish up, but that's generally the ballpark.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. And the way -- the word I would say is just persistent right, which it's not unique to us. You see it everywhere. It's definitely moderating. I think the other thing just to point out that our focus is also what you saw in the first quarter, which is as our revenue accelerates, how do we keep the costs down and really try to get that revenue all the way to the bottom line.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So first, you're right. If you kind of look at the pricing. It is an eyelash away from double digits. We do have some structural costs, especially on the back end of the year. We eliminated some of the lag reporting lag for Silversea. If you take that out, we are double digits. So, we're very pleased with that.  And it comes from different things. Yes, we have eight new ships that we did not have in 2019. That's a great yield driver and price driver. We have a lot of these ships going to CocoCay that continues to track yield premiums, we have the onboard strength that we are -- that we continue to execute on. So, all of these are driving the pricing increase and the pricing strength. And we also see like-for-like pricing increase as well. So, it's a demand environment. It's all these actions that we have taken that we think are going to continue to benefit us beyond 2023.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So, as we -- I think Jason said this in his prepared remarks, this quarter, and it's been consistent in the last several quarters. The combination of new to our brands and new to our crews significantly exceeded 2019 levels. So, we're very pleased with seeing this quality demands and our brands attracting new people to our ecosystem. And at the same time, we also focused on making sure that they stay there, right, then increase repeat rates. This is all in line with our strategies. So, some of the benefit you see in the first quarter in these customer deposits is just more people looking with us, new to our brands, and new to cruise.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. And just as I think I said it in my prepared remarks, 2/3 of our yield outperformance in the quarter were just load factors. We built 200-basis points more, and the remaining was just higher pricing, both on ticket and exceptional strength on onboard revenue.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. Just to add, it's Naftali, I think first on the latest points around the demand, I think if you kind of zoom out a little bit, we did talk about and we've been talking about the valve proposition of cruise being very attractive, and you see that played out. So, our goal is to close the gap and we do that with the ships that we have, the experiences we deliver Perfect Day at CocoCay, some of the itineraries we designed.  But those are things that if you the consumer are, obviously, it's very attractive. On the Trifecta, I just want to make one comment, which is, as we were designing it, we weren't designing it for a perfect environment, right? So as Jason said, there's puts and takes, there's headwinds, tailwinds. And as we were designing those coordinates, we're confident we can get there.
Jason Liberty: And I mean, just to add on to it, Steve, as we think about it on the Trifecta side. Obviously, this year -- the performance of this year is better than we -- it's much better than we had expected. And I think the commentary we talked about Icon. Obviously, we have Nova coming online, which is a high-yielding ship. We have Ascent coming online, which is high-yielding. You have Hideaway coming online. And of course, the commentary that we've been talking about that we've seen acceleration in price in volumes is also what we're seeing for like-for-like for 2024, though it's early.  And for us to get to the marks for Trifecta, we really just need moderate yield growth in good cost control, which you continue to show. And so that's kind of very much on our path. And as Naf mentioned, it's great to see that that really almost every penny of the outperformance on revenue is dropping right down to the bottom line, which would be dropping right down to EBITDA.
Jason Liberty: Yes, sure. Well, I think, obviously, we don't have a crystal ball. What we know is what we see happening basically every minute of every day. We're taking tens and tens of thousands of bookings a day. We've got 160,000, 170,000 people spending on our ships. And so, we have a very good idea, the customer in terms of what's happening today. We also obviously do a lot of surveying of our customers in terms of what they're looking to do in the future.  And it's obviously clear to us that they are very focused on gathering experiences and creating memories with their friends and family. So, the other point I'll just add is, and this is more on the pre-cruise side and what they're booking on the ship for the future. That number continues to rise, which also just shows their appetite to spend more and more on non-ticket-related spend.  So, I think for us, when we think about the back half of this year, our expectation is that we're going to continue to see what we're seeing. However, the mix changes a little bit. Q3, we have a little bit more Europe. We have a little bit less Caribbean. And of course, you've heard our commentary on the Caribbean is exceptionally strong, which is really what's driving the overall outperformance. While Europe is now very much coming in as we expected for the year.  So, I think that probably talks a little bit about how we think about the back half of next year. Now again, going to demand level for 2024, what we have, again, is what we're seeing day in and day out. And at this point in the year, the customer now, and of course, we began to position ourselves and orient ourselves to 2024 more and more. Certainly, the majority of the bookings we're now taking are focused on 2024. And we see very similar strength and acceleration from what we've been seeing close in as well as what we've been seeing for the bookings for 2023.
Jason Liberty: So, on an expectation standpoint, I mean, just mathematically, our load factor -- our normalized load factor will begin to rise. And that's really leading with Icon coming on, which will have a higher load factor profile. Now we're also taking on Nova, which has a lower load factor than the Royal Caribbean brand and the Celebrity brand, and we're also taking on Ascent, which has lower load factors than Royal. But with Icon coming on next year, Utopia coming on next year, you would expect our load factors to be up one point or two when we look into 2024 and beyond.
Jason Liberty: Yes. The only point I would just add, Robin, what you're describing is not a new concept. We've actually probably been doing that for about a decade. So, if we have change orders or we have owners’ extras that the same concept of the 80%-20%, 20% down, 80% financed is how those ships have been financed, whether it is for the contract price or other elements that we're adding on to the ship.
Jason Liberty: Yes. And in reality, on the cost side, if you take out the transition that of just talked about and you take out the structural, our costs for the year were basically up around 3%. So just to kind of give you the sense of the level of all the actions we took over through COVID to get our cost structure and operating model align has effectively absorbed a tremendous amount of inflation. So, our costs in the assets are really just up 2% to 3%.
Jason Liberty: No. I mean it's definitely moderating. I mean it's -- all -- but it's still a pain and it's still coming at you in different ways. But we have -- I mean, our teams are really exceptional trying their very best to combat it and come up with great solutions -- sometimes it's around how do we get goods from point A to point B. And in some cases, how do we just leverage more of our buy across our brands, but it is painful.
Jason Liberty: Yes. I just want to add, what's also just very encouraging when you see -- which is effectively a double-digit price increase for us. That also does not include -- I mean -- or the negative side of this is we don't have China, obviously, here in 2023, which had a substantial APCD differential to the average. We also sold Azamara, which was a higher-yielding versus the average. And so, to be at a double-digit price increase and which has been accelerating, I think, really just shows the strength of leisure, the strength of crews and the strength for our brands.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, I think first off, we are, based off of this latest guide, we are now in double digits on an ROIC basis. And so, our focus here is to have a business model that during good times and bad times stays within the teens on an ROIC basis. The focus on margin and also the capital discipline that you're seeing us employ each and every day, we think very much gets us there with moderate yield growth and good cost control.  So, we feel very good about our Trifecta goals. We talked about that as that's really us just getting to base camp, which is your kind of pre-COVID levels scaled up for the additional capacity on our business. And really, if you just think about 2023 in itself, if it wasn't for the crisis actions we had to take, we will be well north of our 2019 earnings and well north of our '19 ROIC. So that's how I think we think about the business and the organic growth we have with the ships coming online and react we have on the destination side is really well positioning us.
Jason Liberty: But just one point on Hideaway for modeling purposes. Just keep in mind that it's coming online at the very end of this year. But its ramp-up of operations and so forth, as Michael said, is kind of in line when Icon comes online, which will be towards the end of January. So just as you're thinking about yielding costs, just keep that in mind.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, I think first, what I would say is it was a -- it was an incredible surprise at the differential between our WAVE expectations close in versus the realities of what occurred. There was a substantial difference versus '19 levels, which were already at a record high. And so, we built another three or four load factor points. As you pointed out, Conor, we are -- our expectations for the balance of the year was to be at normal load factors. So, those book positions were higher, so there is less inventory.  But certainly, there is the opportunity. And of course, we've we recognize a lot of that opportunity in terms of the expectation that those volumes will continue and at higher rates. I think the thing that was a great I wouldn't say a surprise, but delight to us was while the volumes were building at those large volumes. We were also able to continue to raise pricing during that period of time, which is not always what you see as you -- times in which you're looking to fill certain volume gaps.
Jason Liberty: Okay. Well, I'll take a stab at it and for my teammates here to add in. I think, first, just starting off on Trifecta. We feel very good about our Trifecta program. Obviously, the results of what we're talking about today in terms of the acceleration, the higher pricing, our continued ability to manage our costs is all very encouraging as we kind of think through what 2025 is going to look at or look like. There's always headwinds that you're dealing with. But we do really believe that biosis continuing to moderately grow our yields and managing our costs and managing our capital allocation, we see kind of clear skies towards those goals.  There's obviously things in which when we think about negative carry, we think about, and how to manage that and get that down to the levels to get our earnings power back from there. That's also kind of top of mind for us. As it relates to on the demand side, just to be -- I think which we kind of laid out in our remarks, there are several things. First is the Caribbean has been exceptionally strong, especially ships that are touching a Perfect Day. We saw a huge strength from onboard, spend has been very, very strong. It's not one area of onboard. It's really across the board.  So that's really -- that's been very encouraging. Our North American products have all been booking well, Alaska, Northeast and so forth. And for Europe, I think we were a little bit concerned going into the year. But because of our global and nimble sourcing model, we really have seen a surge in European bookings, and we feel very good on how Europe is going to play out this year, but not to the level that we saw in the Caribbean. And so that just broader combination is what's driving acceleration and demand acceleration in pricing -- and we -- while we doubled our yield and increased our earnings by 40%.
Jason Liberty: I think we feel pretty good about the balance of our deployment. We have been -- I think we have shown that having great assets like Perfect Day, putting great assets in the short product, which connects very well to millennials and Gen X and so forth that are looking for more volume vacation experiences and they do that over shorter periods of time.  And so that really kind of zones into that clientele. But I think when we look -- and of course, our deployment will shift a little bit in our expectations as we look forward as we expect China to come online and Asia/Pac to kind of like light back up here in '24 and 2025. But Caribbean is going to continue to be where the majority of our capacity is. And I think our broader portfolio of deployment more or less look like it does this year with a little bit more indexing into short and play a little bit more indexing into China.
Jason Liberty: Well, I think in the earlier part of the year, we were a little bit concerned about the airlift for Europe but that has kind of normalized at least for our guests. And also, don't forget, we source as well in Europe for our European product. And that just goes back to our business model of having this kind of global, nimble sourcing model.  So, I think that's how we kind of think about that. As it relates to the Caribbean, I think it's a combination of things and as Naf pointed out, there is still a significant value gap between land-based vacation and cruise. I think we have closed some of that gap this year, which is encouraging. And we saw a pre-pandemic that ships that touched Perfect Day as an example had really kind of closed the gap to land-based, especially Orlando and Vegas.  And what we are doing -- what we are seeing is, that is starting to kind of get back to '19 levels so the gap still exists as those businesses got stronger during the period. And so, I don't think it's one thing. But I think the value gap, I think that the demand to spend time with people's friends and family and gather experiences and buy less stuff, all these secular and demographic trends are just huge tailwinds for the demand environment.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, we actually -- through the COVID period had kind of shifted how we go to market with our inventory. We used to kind of put everything out there and all the suites would be sold basically right off the bat, and then you would kind of work your way down to the inside cabins. Well, now we hold back inventory and we release it, based off, of the much more sophisticated revenue management models that we have today.  And so, all of that takes into account the demand environment we are seeing and that's why I think sometimes when we get into conversations around what percent booked are you? How does it relate to this period versus that period? What we are really focused on is optimizing yield. And so there might be periods where quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year, we want to be in a stronger book position or less or lesser than what we were booked in a previous period because what we're focused on is maximizing yield, which sometimes comes with us having more inventory to sell.
Jason Liberty: Thank you. We thank everyone for their participation and interest in the company. Michael McCarthy will be available for any follow-up. So, we wish you all a great day. Thank you.
Michael Bayley: Steve, I just have to add one comment because it's -- I have to talk about Icon of Seas. I think if you think about '24 and the comments we made earlier about Icon. Icon is literally the best-performing new product launch we've ever had in the history of our business, and we're delighted with volume and rate, and that really is a full '24 product. So, you can see if you wanted to use Icon as a proxy, I know it's a brand-new product, and it's stunning, but it's really driving a huge amount of demand and great rate.
Michael Bayley: Yes. It's Michael. Yes, outbound has always been a relatively small percentage of our China business. I think we're now more encouraged by all of the signals that we've had for our reopening in China in '24. And we still got some work to do, but we've now started to rebuild our sales organization in China, and we expect, hopefully, by late spring, early summer to be back operating out of China.
Michael Bayley: Right. Yes, that's correct. That's in actual capacity operating out of China in '24. As it relates to outbound started to return, but it's obviously coming now from a smaller base.
Michael Bayley: Benjamin, yes, I mean I think we're truly delighted with Perfect Day, and I think the comments earlier, we spoke about the volume that we're attracting to Perfect Day. This year, we'll take around 2.5 million of our guests to Perfect Day and the pricing premiums continue to be really robust, and the spend on the island continues to be really robust as well.  So, we've seen -- as we've increased the volume, we've seen no decline in the power of the pricing. And in fact, it continues to accelerate. With Hideaway Beach, that will accommodate approximately 2,500 more gas. So today, we're I think in March, we had close to 250,000 guests in Perfect Day. And on average now, we're having around 11,000 guests a day in CocoCay.  With Hideaway, we can add another 2,500, 3,000 guests. And that's really for design to be open in time for Icon of Seas. And of course, Icon will visit at the end of January, and Icon will be going to Perfect Day every single week. We've also got Utopia coming online in June. We haven't announced the deployment, but Utopia will also be going to Perfect Day. And the demand is just very strong. I mean we've seen -- there's a lot of demand for that particular product in any of our ships that have Perfect Day on their itinerary demanded, and there's strong pricing premium that we see there.
Michael Bayley: Also, Benjamin, just to add a quick comment, not on Perfect Day, but we did receive the kind of the greenlight approval from the Bahamian government to proceed through the environmental and permitting and planning process now in the Bahamas. So, our intention is to have the Royal Beach Club open in -- towards the end of the spring-summer of '25. And that new addition to the portfolio is also going to really produce an incredible experience for -- certainly for the short product and the short product is doing exceptionally well at the moment. We continue to increase our short product and put really great ships into that market. So, the combination of Perfect Day on one day and the Beach Club on the second day really is a winning combination.
Michael Bayley: Actually, from a capacity perspective, it's very similar to Hideaway. Remember, Hideaway is part of the Perfect Day experience. So, the Perfect Day experience capacity will be around 13,000 a day. But the Beach Club's capacity will be around 2,500 to 2,750 a day.
Michael Bayley: And Matthew, you just to add, when just using the Royal Caribbean International as a proxy for the company. When I think about 2024 and 2025, we've got Icon of the Seas coming online. We've got Utopia of Seas. We've got Hideaway Beach and Perfect Day coming online in late this year. We've got expectations that China will be up and operating in '24, and we've got the Beach Club coming online in '25.  So, just from the Royal Brands perspective, we've got an incredible lineup of really new and exciting products. And we've seen that these products really do ignite the market and generate significant demand. So, we feel pretty optimistic about the future.
Michael Bayley: So then, pre-pandemic, we built a significant business for cruise in the China market. I think Royal was the number one cruise brand in China by volume, and we had a few of our ships that were operating there. And in fact, before the pandemic, we had Wonder of the Seas originally planned to deploy into the China market, which, of course, subsequently changed.  Our expectation is that this market will return to how it was pre-pandemic. The value of a Chinese customer is very high. When you look at the net revenue from a Chinese consumer. It's typically around the same level as an American and slightly higher. So, we see that returning. The spend changes somewhat in terms of onboard spending. They skew differently in different areas. But overall, the aggregate of their spend is very high. So, we believe that, that market will return, and we're hoping in '24, we'll see that.
