Jason Liberty: Steve, thank you for your questions. I would first start off and say that on a book position standpoint, we're now an eyelash away from our historical load factors or book position. But we also expect our load factors as we guided to be a little bit lower until we get into the spring, and that's why on the Q1, our load factor. So when you adjust for our expectations on load factors, we're in a very strong book position and at rates that are considerably higher than what we saw in 2019. I think your teams have put together a forecast that we believe is achievable, and it is based off of what we believe is very strong visibility on the revenue side as well as our ability to manage our cost structure. We do expect to exceed handsomely our EBITDA that we generated in 2019. And clearly, we see patterns continuing to accelerate in the way that they are, there's certainly opportunity for us to have a better outcome for the year. But I think we're thoughtful in just how we've always been. We're very thoughtful on how we guide. We're thoughtful on how we're seeing these different products and markets operate. And so, we feel really strongly about 2023. And quite frankly, we feel very strongly when we consider the acceleration towards Trifecta.
Jason Liberty: Yes. And I just want to add because I know it was in our remarks, but we're a little bit of a different organization than we were in 2019. We have a full year of Perfect Day now. We have things like Galveston. We've also shed some businesses like Azamara as an example. And so, I think when you step back and you see that our costs are basically up mid-single digits versus 2019, and 210 basis points of that are the structural and some transitory, you kind of get into like a 3% or so cost of increase versus '19. What it shows is that what we were saying during the pandemic about us getting into our wedding weight has really helped us absorb a very high inflationary environment that we've all experienced during 2019, and that is really the result of incredible effort by our brands and our shared service areas who really put the time and the work in while not impacting the guest experience.
Jason Liberty: Yes. And so, Robin, just -- we've -- obviously, we’ve moved now to start to guide back to what we were doing in 2019 to make sure we create comparability. We clearly believe that our EBITDA is going to be up and our EBITDA per berth is on its way getting back to those record levels, which is really just being impacted by fuel prices. But that's really where we're very focused because we believe one of our paths to getting to ROIC in the teens is obviously focusing on improving our margins across all of our brands. And so, that's how we've guided for 2023 and the focus is very heavy on -- internally on us improving those margins.
Jason Liberty: Yes. I just want to just add on a few things. Obviously, as we add more third and fourths, that can weigh a little bit on the average APD on the onboard side. But I think what's important to point out is that the strength in onboard and the spending, as Michael mentioned, one is obviously the consumer or our addressable consumer is healthy, is sitting on a lot of savings, is searching for experiences and creating memories with their friends and family. But our ability to get the consumer to book earlier is really the main force behind why we're seeing an increase in onboard activity. So a healthy consumer certainly helps. Their desires and interests certainly help. But also allowing them to effectively get at least a day back of their vacation by being -- allowing them to plan what they want to do on the ship as well as shore excursions is certainly creating a great tailwind for us. And on the ticket side, we expect our ticket yields to continue and APDs to increase. There's a little bit of always that how we package and how we do things can lead a little bit more into ticket or a little bit more on to onboard depending on how it is with the brand. And also one of the -- I think the other drivers on the ticket and onboard side is just whether it's through e-commerce and other things. We're taking more and more friction out of the acquisition experience or how the customer shops. And that's also allowing them to get the vacation of choice that they're looking for and on the platform or the channel of choice that they choose to go through.
Jason Liberty: Well, it's -- I certainly don't know the plans of our competitors on a new building standpoint. As we had kind of noted in our release, how we expect our business to grow next year by about 10%, then about 5% and then about 6%, respectively. And I think the first thing to point out is, that's not just one brand in one market, in one destination. So this really reflects our three wholly owned brands and how they're going to grow in their different segments and also for these ships to be in different parts of the world. If you look at the order book, you do see, as you get into '27 and '28, a lighter order book. We believe that Royal Caribbean that the addressable market is underpenetrated, especially in all the different markets that we operate. We are -- we work very hard to create global brands that attract guests from all over the world, and of course, to build the revenue management systems to effectively harvest that quality demand. And we think that apparatus more than supports our expected supply growth over the coming years.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Brandt. First, I mean -- and it's -- I don't say this lightly, so it's wonderful to say, but we're really seeing these very strong WAVE trends across all of our brands. And you see an elevated amount of demand coming from North America. And we have been very happy to see over the past two or three weeks, that elevated demand now move into Europe as well. We have been very happily surprised by how strong we're seeing the consumer plan their vacation travel and to see that our booking window is now within a couple of weeks of what it has normally been. And that includes a lot of acceleration for short close-in products, especially as we've increased more of our 3, 4 and 5 night products is really encouraging overall. So I wish I could say it's different -- well, actually, I don't wish I could say, I should say that it's different from the family to ultra-luxury or to expedition. But we're really seeing this across all of our brands really strong. And we've seen markets like, for example, like Northern Europe now begin to move into a much stronger place. I also just add is demand, as you probably have seen in other travel products for North Americans to go to Europe has been exceptionally strong. And so, we're now seeing that take over here in the cruise space.
Jason Liberty: Yes, they are. And I think the other thing that has been -- that we've seen through the course of this WAVE is our ability to raise prices at the same time. So the demand is that strong and we're able to raise price across these different products and really not seeing a pullback from the consumer as we continue to do so. And that is really a reflection of what we've seen since our last earnings call, or really since the announcement of the protocol being dropped just acceleration and the propensity to cruise across all three categories of new-to-cruise, first-to- brand, first-to-cruise has returned. And in many cases, it's better than what we saw pre-COVID.
Jason Liberty: So I'll just -- I'll start on the Europe one, and Michael can then take China. First off, I think the consumer -- the impact on the Ukraine, Russia, I think, comes to us in two ways. One of which is a little bit of a deployment impact, and we're not able to go more east into the Baltics because of the very unfortunate conflict that continues on. And then obviously, there's some impact in the European consumer because of energy prices. That, I think, is the impact that hopefully will evaporate over time. But their propensity to cruise, their desire to go on a vacation experience is high. The value proposition for the cruise, as I noted in my remarks, that gap is still very significant. That's too significant as we look to try to close that. But I think that's really where you see the effect. The consumers' desire to go -- or European consumers go to the Nordics, desire to go to the Western Med, Eastern Med, which is really kind of fully open to them to experience is that demand is there. I just think that they continue to probably be a little bit more pinched, certainly more pinched than the North American consumer because of the increase in energy prices and how that's impacted their economy. And with that, I'll let Michael comment on China.
Jason Liberty: Yes, I was just going to -- and clearly, China was a very high-yielding, highly profitable market for us. And as that market comes back online, we're very optimistic about how that can either further propel the opportunity for us. And I would just comment in the context of Trifecta, we didn't contemplate China in that consideration as it has not turned itself back on.
Jason Liberty: Yes, I don't know -- I don't think we're going to close that gap in 2023. I'm encouraged by the ability now for us to increase our pricing even more, which I think will give us the opportunity to close that gap. I'm excited about what we're seeing in the onboard side, which also helps us close that gap. But that gap, which used to be 20% is now in the 30% zone relative to pre-COVID, which was around the 20% mark. But we do think that, that's -- there's a lot of runway for us, and that just I think through great execution, just broader awareness of our brands and the cruise complex that we see now as being appreciated more and more by our guests helps us lead to getting the pricing and which helps us lead that to that -- closing that gap. What we're not interested in is the gap closing just because their pricing could potentially go down. Like we want to elevate ourselves up to that level, and we think that's definitely something that's in our capabilities to do so.
Jason Liberty: Yes. The only I would add is for TUI cruises, a -- cruise is just similar to all of us. They still have some negative carry to burn off as well. And I think there are a few years from being at a place where they're contributing at the same level to us as they were in '19. But that's -- I think it's a very short duration as they have been really effectively managing the business. They've really been outpacing, I think, just a broader cruise world and getting their business back up and running and profitable and generating positive cash flow. But like all of us, they have some negative carry they're going to have to burn off.
Jason Liberty: Well, clearly, on direct business, the shorter the product, the higher the percentage, and that's just more because the consumer is comfortable and understands the complexity of -- or the lack of complexity on the short product. The further typically, the consumer goes or the higher end that it goes typically requires, they're more comfortable going to our travel partners. We have really tried hard to be just kind of a channel of choice. And of course, the consumer has become a little bit more digitally minded through COVID because they were buying a lot of stuff online as we all know. And as they now shift to experiences, they're comfortable in different channels. And some of those digital platforms are through us and some of those digital platforms where our travel partners. But that's typically how you would see it as the shorter and closer higher.
Jason Liberty: It's really across the board. On the consumer at all different levels have gotten more comfortable using digital commerce to make their purchases. And that's kind of -- that is whether you want to look at Royal or Celebrity or Silversea or TUI or Hapag, that's what we have been consistently seeing. 
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, and just our general commentary on WAVE. What's driving that strength is new-to-cruise and new-to-brand. And so, that mix is not only similar, but it's better than what we saw take place in the fourth quarter. So we feel that propensity to cruise -- and by the way, I think one thing that's important on the new-to-cruise stat, especially relative to '19 is because we don't have China in the mix of our business. Pretty much every Chinese consumer back in '19 was a new-to-cruise consumer. So that really talks about the strength of the North American and European consumer and their interest to go on a cruise for the first time or to go on to one of our brands for the first time.
Jason Liberty: We thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Michael will be available for any follow-ups. I wish you all a great day.
Naftali Holtz: Hey, Steve. Yes, that's exactly right. And you can see that we made progress every quarter, and we expect that to dissipate as we progress throughout the year.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So Robin, so first, for the full year, obviously, many moving pieces as we are again comparing a three-year benchmark. And as Jason said, just a minute ago, we were obviously different. So we are good at some ships, some brands. We added Galveston. We have direct contribution now from Perfect Day at CocoCay. All of it is slightly negative to yield, but overall, obviously, very, very important to us. The majority of the benefit that you see on the yield side is from new hardware. We also put that hardware on the best itineraries. They have more onboard revenue opportunities. And the rest, the like-for-like, that is up despite the fact that, as you mentioned, the load factors are much lower than what we had in '19. For Q1, if we adjust for the load factor, the difference -- yield would have been around mid-single digits. So it's obviously more impact for Q1.
Naftali Holtz: Ben, it's Naf. So it's both. And you can see the acceleration in the business. Obviously, with the normalizing of the occupancy levels and the continued strength of pricing.
Naftali Holtz: So let me just add one other thing, which is the financial returns associated with CocoCay and the like are exceptionally high and are significantly above our targeted returns. So this should be accretive to profitability and obviously to EBITDA and those are the type of investments that we obviously want to continue to make.
Naftali Holtz: Good morning, Dan. So as we said, our formula is moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth, strong cost control and obviously, you have several linked pieces here in the first quarter and throughout the year. But this is kind of where we're marching towards. So our expectation is to get back to that formula.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So they continue -- we're very happy with TUI, and their performance has been a very successful cruise brand. Their recovery is well underway. They have been positive operating cash flow and EBITDA for several quarters now. They're very strong occupancy levels and pricing. So we continue -- we expect this to continue to recover towards 2019 levels and beyond.
Naftali Holtz: No adjustments. Those are apples-to-apples and obviously, we gave you the color of all the moving pieces.
Naftali Holtz: No. I think if you go through the guidance and our expectations of what we provided, our expectation is obviously, it's going to be lower than 2019 because what Jason mentioned is the negative carry. So they continue to recover.
Michael Bayley: This is Michael. If you remember, when we first started coming out of the pandemic, and we saw this really strong robust onboard spend, we wondered how long it would last for. And we had different theories about that. It's just continued to strengthen. And I think all of the investments we made during the pandemic with [Hybris] and our pre-cruise software and our capabilities with the web, really has changed this needle. And we just continue to see incredible strength with the onboard spend and the number continues to improve. So the pre-cruise penetration is now above 60%. We've now got 25% of activity occurring on our app, which is something new over the past couple of months. We've made multiple changes to the software and our capabilities to communicate with the customer pre-cruise and on cruise. And the response has been extremely positive. So we see a great deal of strength. We're very pleased with the performance, and we think it's going to continue all the way through this year and into '24.
Michael Bayley: Vince, it's Michael. I just have to add one little comment here talking about new ships coming online. Obviously, we opened up to sail Icon of the Seas a few months ago, and that ship literally has been the best-selling product in the history of our business and has been absolutely outstanding in terms of the demand and the pricing that we're generating for the product. And in fact, it's really driving a great '24. I mean we don't -- we never talk about '24 at the beginning of '23, obviously, but '24 is looking very healthy. And a big driver of that is Icon. We've had some remarkable stats coming out of Icon. Just one little nugget that gets me very excited is it's only one category of room, but the ultimate family townhouse that we sell on Icon, which is a 3-story experience in our new Surfside venue for younger families is already 55% sold for 2024 at an average price of $75,000 a week. So you can just get a feel of the kind of demand that's being generated by these new products. And obviously, we're very excited with what we're seeing with Icon. And that new class, which Jason mentioned is the first time Royal Caribbean International has had a new class of ship in nine years, and we are delighted with the performance so far.
Michael Bayley: Sorry. Sorry, just to add one comment on the demand from North America. We've also seen strong demand coming out of the Latin American markets for the European product, which has surprised us, but obviously, we're taking advantage of that. But it's pretty much across the board that we're seeing the strength in the consumer and it's across so many of our markets, which is really healthy to see.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Ben, it's Michael. I think the answer to those questions is yes and yes. I mean we ironically opened CocoCay in 2019, and it is just a huge success. Now, of course, it's really doing an amazing job. And the demand for that product is exceptionally high. We have a significant increase in our overall capacity that we bring into CocoCay. I think for this year '23, we'll be bringing 2.5 million to 3 million guests to CocoCay. And the demand not only is there from a volume perspective, but the rate is there. And that rate has been going up again in a very healthy way. And it's the same with the spend for the products and experiences on Perfect Day. We've seen a great demand and a lot of resilience as the prices go up. So it's a hit and it's very successful.  We are opening Hideaway Beach on the fourth quarter of this year in preparation for Icon of the Seas. It will be arriving also towards the end of the fourth quarter. And of course, that Hideaway Beach will allow us to bring an additional 3,000 people to Perfect Day. So our capacity will be approximately 13,000 people a day. And yes, we have an appetite for other such ventures. And as soon as we're ready to make any announcements, we will. But clearly, from our perspective, we think this is a really -- it's a wonderful part of the product experience, and our guests clearly demand this type of experience that we can now give them. So our intention is to continue to grow this piece of the experience for our guests.
Michael Bayley: Yes, on China, there's -- obviously, the environment's improved significantly from what we've being told by our China team. So things have started to normalize, and they seem to have got over that very difficult period. There's currently two impediments to the China cruise market opening up. One of them is there's still a ban technically on cruising and group travel in China. And also, there's a requirement from the Japanese that Chinese tourists have to test and potentially could be quarantined. We understand that both of these conditions will drop away at some point during this first half. That's what we've been led to believe, and we believe that that's going to happen. As soon as those two conditions change, then obviously, the market will reopen and we're thinking that it will be late '23, and we're kind of thinking that '24 probably, realistically, the China market will be back. But obviously, that's based upon how we understand and see the situation currently.
