Richard Fain: Hi, Steve thanks for the questions. In terms of the Caribbean itself, clearly us having a better book position going into the quarter helped us improve pricing because you went through the quarter. I just think that overall by worsening better demand especially on the short product. For the Caribbean which is leading us to those better results.
Richard Fain: Hi, Ian. It's really a modest incremental amount on marketing. And, again, we are in a good book position for the future. And I think we're just looking for opportunity to expand that base and we think we can do that through spending a little bit additional money on marketing. But it's not in any specific market, it's more general, and again, it's modest.
Richard Fain: Well, it's always good to know that your favor of conservatism, Felicia. I think the way I would put it into perspective and I try to address it in my commentary that we're definitely seeing strong demand coming from the Caribbean and as I commented, we would actually - the back half of the year is better for the Caribbean in our current thinking. But that is helping really offset some weakening in the Eastern Mediterranean and Pullmantur which is been struggling in Latin America mainly in Mexico and somewhat also in Brazil. So again, we always see these puts and takes within our environment which is why we kind of manage this portfolio of products and brands and that in itself balances out the back half of the year.
Richard Fain: Yeah, actually it really is very much on the margins. The price integrity piece is a small piece of it. Also in the quarter we feel we had one cancelled sailing which was higher occupancy sailing that also affected a little bit but it really is on the margins in terms of what affected the load factor for the period.
Richard Fain: Felicia, its Richard here. And it's just might worth - might be worth adding, Michael referred into the bundling. And I think, again, philosophically speaking, that is a growing trend. We're seeing more - we're doing more of that and that does sometimes tend to cause a little confusion on the numbers, because things can shift between ticket revenue and onboard revenue. But we're releasing a desire on the part of our guests and very much on the parts of the travel agents who find it is a much better way to present something, much better way to sell it if it's all included in the package. And we started that last year. You saw the 123 go at Celebrity. This year a big shift probably one of the more dramatic shifts on Celebrity with our Go Big Better Best program. And these are in fact moving us to an even more inclusive packaging and we think that gets us more net revenue and happier guests, happier travel agents. So I think we will probably see more of that as we go forward.
Richard Fain: On the marketing side, Tim, I think first, again, just to point out, it's a very small amount of money and we said we are really trying to apply it to further expand a very good book of business we have today for the future and specifically for 2016. So the spread of it is not necessarily key western Asia. It's more to further accelerate our position and get at the very small amount of money. I will just take a real quick on in terms of the pending accounting change as we said it's something that is and will continue to be under consideration in terms of the timing of when we make that change. For us we need to make sure the processes and the systems are in place before we close at two-month lag with Pullmantur. But we will certainly advise the timing when we implement that.
Richard Fain: I just answered the - in the Pullmantur your question on the demand versus the impact of the euro. It's both. The demand has been a real problem, but so has the currency. And in this case, the currency that's hurting us isn't so much the euro it's more the Latin American currencies. So the euro has deteriorated versus the dollar but in Latin America, in Brazil, in Argentina, in Ecuador and Colombia etcetera we are looking at closer to 25% kind of drops. So it is both the economy and the currency which is not what we were hoping to see at this point. And then Tim just to comment on Celebrity versus Royals performance in Europe. I mean, I think as you know, we basically kind of comment on the market and product as a whole but they are both doing well in Europe. The strength of having a lower there and having Anthem is definitely a nice tailwind for Royal and the European season for us.
Richard Fain: On the price integrity side, first off as we the price integrity program really addresses certain products that are 10, 20, 30 days out and where we saw strength in the second quarter was really the short Caribbean product which typically the late booking product anyways and that's kind of what drove the strength in the second quarter. So it's not necessarily, as we talked about the price integrity program in itself with the balance for the year was a very small negative impact to our revenue that we had communicated on our last call. And so if we do see strong closing demand especially in the short product that will drive it and then obviously we get guests who will pay the price out there that will also benefit our revenue relative to our expectations.
Richard Fain: Hi. On the question with regards to China premiums, I think we don't really go into details on premiums but we're obviously very happy with the performance of our China products this year in 2015 in the market and I think bringing Quantum into Shanghai has proven to be very successful. It's been exceptionally well-received and I guests are having a phenomenal time and our trade partners are really happy with the quality of that product in the market. So we're seeing the kind of premiums that you would expect to get when you put a brand-new asset of that quality into the marketplace
Richard Fain: Hi, Greg. First off, it's very early in the bookings cycle for 2016 and I think what you're seeing is us just continuing to build on a quality book of business. Clearly, the strength in the Caribbean which has a further out booking window is quite helpful. But, again, it is very early and what we know is the patterns that we are seeing is, it's good on the load factor basis and good on a rate basis and that's encouraging for next year. There is a lot of things that could happen that could reverse that position, right, because this is a global business but at this point in time those are the trends that we are seeing and that basically kind of what supports the commentary that we provided.
Richard Fain: Well, I think in terms of the Caribbean and Europe you will see very small increases in our capacity for next year. You will see most of the capacity going into the Asia Pacific market with Ovation and the full year of Quantum of the Seas. But you will see marginal growth for the Caribbean in Europe in 2016 based off of our current deployment that has been published.
Richard Fain: I think on the industry side I would - I expect it to be higher than we're putting in there, there are some competitors that are having some additional capacity in there. Europe I think will be up slightly and Asia will certainly be up with the entry of some of our competitor ships in there going into 2016.
Richard Fain: I'm sorry. I do expect the Caribbean to be up probably low to mid-single digits next year which is quite a bit higher than what we're going to have in the Caribbean for next year.
Richard Fain: Just to add to that, Assia, also we've commented in the past, we entered the - the European seasons are very strong book of business. And that really has left less inventory on the table for the European consumer which we also believe is also a nice tailwind to the closing pricing that we are seeing within that environment.
Adam Goldstein: Yeah and Steve, I think your question on the philosophy, I think in general we think that it's helpful to have more enhance. It takes pressure off of the last-minute bookings, if it's in with our objective of trying to be more consistent on our pricing. And I think that there's probably one thing that frustrates the travel agents that we work with as much as anything else is those late last-minute discounts. And we can't afford to frustrate them. And so, by getting more on the books early, we're in a better position to adjust our pricing on the later bookings and get a more level kind of pricing policy. So I think philosophically, you've seen it this year, you'll see it again next year, where we are trying to get more in hands earlier on.
Adam Goldstein: Well, Steve, I think the cadence of the quarters will generally be the same. I think that the things that I would point out specifically is that we do take delivery in the second quarter next year for Harmony and for Ovation. Ovation will take a similar journey that Quantum took over to Tianjin. So that will have a similar impact, but I think there's also the need to account for Harmony who will come in the second quarter and then will be sailing out of the Mediterranean.
Adam Goldstein: Hi, it's Adam. Well, clearly we're excited about the potential opportunity that Cuba presents. Anything that we do and hopefully anything that anyone else does has to be within the confines of the law. As you can imagine, we're actively planning and preparing to incorporate Cuba into our cruise program to the extent that were permitted. We think we have a lot of things going for us as a company at RCL in terms of our track record of delivering quality destination experiences, the way we've demonstrated the ability to create win-win relationships all around the world, our history of operating above and beyond compliance, all of that we think will bode well for us there. We have many brands and a large fleet, and therefore quite a number of different operate opportunities to participate in the Cuba opportunity when it opens up. As you can imagine, our normal course of action would be to announce any plans when they're firmed out before. But we are very enthusiastic about the prospects we've all been waiting a long time and we feel like things are beginning to develop in an exciting manner.
Adam Goldstein: Hi. It's Adam. I'll answer the first part. You may not remember, but once upon a time about 8 to 10 years ago we believe the Royal Caribbean was his angle largest user of biodiesel in the world at that time in any industry. We really were robust and our thinking about the potential than, but as it happened over time for a whole series of different reasons, the attractiveness of using the products and services trended away. One of which was that the tax benefit that went to the producer of biodiesel was not passed on at all to the end user such as ourselves and we couldn't sustain any economic benefit of the use there. Also we're - it was a little bit rough on the ships at that time, because it was such an immature industry and I could go on, but I won't. So we don't see at the moment the opportunity to resume that kind of usage. We have been tremendously successful with finding ways of consuming less fuel to get from point A to point B with a whole host of programs. We've got more successful at purchasing fuel and of course our hedging program over time, it's been a great benefit to the company as well. And there's still a lot of opportunities in those areas before we would consider a significant use of bio-fuel on our ship. And just a comment on our hedge portfolio, which is also outlined in our release. We have increased our position going out. Next year we are 65% hedged and 60% hedged and then 40% and then 10% over the coming years. So we're looking to try to take advantage of this low fuel price environment to help walk in the future.
Michael Bayley: Hi. Patrick, it's Michael. We are really focused on what we're doing and we're paying a lot of attention to the feedback that we get from travel partners, distribution and of course, our customers. So we feel really positive about the actions that we took back in March and we are feeling good about the direction that it is heading for us.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Tim, it's Michael. There's really two types of bundling, there's the bundling that goes through in a promotion through the distribution channel which becomes commissionable unless it's obviously a direct booking. And then, there's the bundling that we've been doing in - and the selling of pre-cruise direct to our customers, which of course is - in that case is not commissionable.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Robin, it's Michael. It's - that's correct. A lot of our distribution and sales goes through the larger retailers, but we've also started to move a little bit further into FIT and individual sales and bookings as a brand, so we're seeing some benefit because those changes that we implemented about a year or so ago.
Michael Bayley: Well, 2017, there are no new ships being delivered in that year so the capacity increase is really related to fall over of Harmony and Ovation which comes in 2016. That's really what drives the lower capacity amount, and in 2018, we do have always Oasis 4 coming in.
Michael Bayley: Well, I think one thing that I can think of that has changed, which is Splendour of the Seas was sold to Thomson Cruises and that ship leaves our fleet in 2016.
Michael Bayley: Yes, it's more, Robin, that typically at this point of the year obviously we have, as we talked about in the call, we have over 94% of our revenue on the books. We typically have 100 basis point range around the midpoint of our guidance and so that's really what set the 2.9% to 3.9%.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Harry its Michael. Yes, we are optimistic. And I think Quantum has really done a great job for Royal Caribbean in terms of how people have perceived that product and Royal Caribbean in general. So the reception that we have from Quantum has really added impetus for Ovation. And we're seeing that in terms of the kind of bookings that we are already seeing in 2016 for Ovation. So we feel quite optimistic about performance in China in 2016.
Michael Bayley: Hi. Joe, it's Michael. Yes, I mean, we are seeing that. We think that's one of the opportunities. It's not of particular focus at the moment but we certainly recognize it's a significant opportunity over time. That outbound market is significant and we do see an increase in our plan to products certainly into Europe and to the West Coast. So, yes, we think that's a good opportunity.
Michael Bayley: Hi, it's Michael. You know we've seen this in the past. Europe can be a fickle market at times and there is all of these different variables that come into play in the different European market depending upon what's occurring at the time. We think that Greek situation we did see a slight dip during the whole Greek events and I think that caused the slowdown a little bit. Generally, in terms of the Europeans, and then it all started to come back again. So I think it's just ebb in the flow of the psychology of the marketplace.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Dan its Michael. I think you may be referring to the Royal suite class program that we have - we are about to introduce. We haven't introduced it yet. We're going to roll that out literally in the coming six to seven weeks and its focus very much on inventory in 2016 from spring forward. And that's really part of our focus on segmenting the market segmenting our distribution and making sure that we can provide the kind of product that we think people are willing and able to pay a premium for. So we do have plans on generating an increase in yield in our premium accommodations through the introduction of Royal suite class. That's the program that we are introducing. Celebrity has had the suite-class in place now I guess for about a year and a quarter, a year and an half. And I think they found out to be quite successful in terms of offering the kind of premium space with a premium on it. The people are certainly willing and able to pay for it. As long as you can bundle the right products and services into that category. We are looking at other categories within the Royal fleet and we think there are further opportunities there.
Michael Bayley: Yes, hi, Laura. It's Michael. It's a good point and yes, it's absolutely what we see. So once they pre-purchase the package or whatever the service are that they pre-purchase everybody seems to forget the pre-purchased and then when they come onboard, they bring more dollars or euros or what have you to spend and it does provide more opportunity. I mean in many cases they simply consume and purchase many of the products that we have onboard. But if you think about really all of our brands particularly Royal and celebrity over the past few years, we've been through quite an extensive process of revitalization. We have added multiple retail units, we've enhanced many of the different services, and we've transformed a lot of the products that we sell on board and in many cases to higher-margin products. So that evolution I think is in place and we're quite cognizant of it.
Michael Bayley: Well, one of the things that we're immensely proud of in which only Royal Caribbean has of course is Boom which is the fastest Internet of Sea and that is something that we think we have a significant advantage over and certainly for families with kids. If you've got kids and they come on board and they want to connect and they want to do streaming, they want to play video games we're the only cruise line that they can do that with because of the significant advantage of Boom and that's something that we're seeing certainly in the revenues is generating today as a further opportunity.
Jason Liberty: Hi, James its Jason. In terms of the bundling it really kind of depends on the program itself. And as we've commented in the past which is why we really guide on a net revenue yield side depending on the offer, it could be recorded into onboard revenue or ticket revenue. So it's - all I would say is that there's probably we'll create more variability between those two lines but again I think that's why you're consistently see us guide on the overall revenue picture.
Jason Liberty: Yes, the main impact is on occupancy because what happens is if you can do these last-minute discounts, these big last-minute discounts you end up with a few empty cabins and so you offer these extraordinary discounts that allows you to fill up at the end. And if you take away that tool, which is essentially what we've done, then you will lose some of those people, obviously. The reason we believe there is an offset, which is that we get a more consistent than higher-priced during the period. At this stage, those numbers are really quite small. So we're not suggesting that's a major driver of this. But it is there and it is hurting us in the short-term. And I think that we will feel that for some time well into 2016. And - but we think the long-term benefit, and I really do want to emphasize, the benefit isn't just that we will illuminate these people who say let's wait to book at the low price. It's really very important to the branding. It's hard to set yourself out as we are a brand that is high-quality and high respect in the industry. And you can have us for half-price. So the ability to maintain your image as a higher quality product, which really has to permeate everything you do, is probably a big driver, as big a driver of our thinking is anything else.
Jason Liberty: Well, there's no question that some people do wait to the end. Again, I really want to emphasize, in terms of quantitative analysis, we're just starting on this policy we have three or four months under our belt. And I think it's something we will continue to look at closely, but we're pretty confident, we have been in the business for a long time, our revenue people understand the dynamics of that, and I think we feel pretty confident that the direction we are going will be well received and will help both in the long run on the revenue side but also on the branding side.
Jason Liberty: Thank you for your assistance, Kaila, with the call today. And we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Laura will be available for any follow-up questions you might have and I wish you all a very great day.
