Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Adam. We'd now like to open the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Sabrina, if we could open the call for questions, please.
Brian J. Rice: Robin, I'll comment; I don't know if Adam wants to add anything from his perspective. But clearly, Europe has required more discounting, I think as you saw in the slide, than we had projected. We knew that we were going to have to stimulate the market to some degree and had assumed that we'd have some pricing deterioration in Europe for the third quarter, but it was more pronounced than we expected. Alaska, we've seen a little more discounting in the market than we expected. But as I mentioned in my comments, we're very close to matching the record yields that we had a year ago. I think we feel as though we have a pretty good handle now on Europe for what it's going to take in the third quarter. As we get to the fourth quarter, Europe becomes much less important to us, and we shift more of our capacity share to the Caribbean that, we had seen in the second, third and fourth quarter, the Caribbean pricing has held up pretty well. We are running for Q4, we are ahead on both load factor and APD today. I think if you extrapolate from our guidance that we are looking at modest yield improvement in the fourth quarter on a constant currency basis, it would be low single digits. And we think that the order book that we have in place and what we've seen from an elasticity perspective, that those are good numbers.
Brian J. Rice: We would be within the ranges that you're mentioning. For Q3, we're obviously behind where we would normally be at this time, and for Q4, we're doing a little bit better than we would have expected. It's interesting we -- what we're seeing from a load factor perspective is somewhat consistent with what we experienced during the WAVE period and through the second quarter, where most of the gap that was created in booking activity in the post-Concordia environment really related to the second and third quarter. As we mentioned back in February, we really weren't seeing much of an impact on the longer-term bookings. I believe we even commented that Q4 and Q1, albeit at very small volumes, they were maintaining their pace quite well. And I think as you can see from the graph that we provided, Q4 has held up that way since the April call.
Brian J. Rice: No, we were purposely being somewhat evasive about 2013 at this point, just not getting ahead of ourselves. But our order book is solid at this point, our load factors are running ahead of a year ago.
Brian J. Rice: I think what we would say is that we've seen more contraction in the booking window in Southern Europe than we have in Northern. Northern has held up better. I think the closer -- the Southern European economies are clearly the ones that are on the radar, and I think we're seeing a little more of a lingering impact from the incident back in January, the closer you get to the epicenter.
Brian J. Rice: Tim, I think it's very premature to try to speculate how Europe is going to recover. I can -- I'll give you a couple of statistics we have. For 2013, I'll give you the percentage of our capacity that is in Europe by quarter. It's 1% in Q1; it's 31% in Q2; it's 49% in Q3; 24% in Q4; and the overall is 27%, which is down from 30% this year. I think we are seeing in Europe a gradual healing, I think, from the incident in Italy. The economy is still -- depending on what day you listen to the news reports, we're going into a depression in Europe. In other days, they're feeling very good. Like today, the euro had a nice pop this morning because they think that they're going to support the euro. I can tell you that we do a lot of price shopping, as I know all of you do. I think on average, we're seeing the pricing above the current levels for next year but lower than they were back in the beginning of January. I think -- the base of business is -- we're -- on a load factor perspective, we're doing a little bit better in Europe right now than we were a year ago with tough comparables. [Indiscernible], a good part of that is probably driven by the capacity reductions, but I think it's just way too early to speculate. I think it's really going to probably be until we get into the WAVE season that we're going to have a pretty good handle on what we're going to see in Europe next year.
Brian J. Rice: Sure, Jamie, it's Brian. In terms of the fuel strategy, we disclosed in our press release our hedging, and it's pretty thorough, frankly, going out. We are in the money for the balance of 2012 and for 2013. The hedges are effectively neutral beyond that point. We're pretty methodical in the way that we hedge our oil. We have certain targets that we'd like to hit on a quarterly basis. So we'll be rolling in some minor hedges. We're not trying to speculate with fuel prices, we're really trying to just protect ourselves. Interestingly, the good news this year is, we tend to have the exposure generally in the 50% range of fuel prices, and we're pleased to see that this year, that the inverse correlation between the dollar and fuel has returned. And as you can see on our bridge slide, bunker prices in FX were somewhat neutral to our latest guidance. So we have that natural hedge. We don't really do any hedging on FX on an operating basis. We have traditionally had a higher portion of our newbuild cost hedged. We've been a little bit more bearish on the euro, so we've not had quite as much exposure there. Then we tend to have a little natural hedge on our P&L for that. So I think we've been less aggressive hedging our newbuilds. And as a consequence, if we were to hedge those today, we'd have a benefit from when we originally entered the contract, specifically for Sunshine.
Brian J. Rice: Well, I think, obviously, the biggest portion of our CapEx is newbuilds. And as Richard alluded to, if you go back to the 1990s, you were looking at 10% growth. If you look at the early 2000, you had high single-digit growth. And we're now targeting more load to the top end, mid single-digit growth within a given year. We have been investing in CapEx in our existing fleet rather than a whole lot of new capacity. As Richard mentioned in his comments, we don't have a newbuild in 2013, and we have only 1 in '14 and '15. But we are taking the best practices of both, say, the Oasis-class and Solstice-class vessels that have been extremely successful for us. And we're taking the best practices and retrofitting those. And it's a way of keeping the product fresh and keeping our customers excited about our brands, the product that we offer without adding a tremendous amount of capacity to the market to help our pricing performance. The only other area I'd mentioned that we are investing in right now is within the information technology area. But again, we think that the returns on those investments are going to be tremendous.
Brian J. Rice: Jim, this is Brian. I would say that, particularly over the last 3 months, excluding Europe, we're pretty much exactly where we thought we would be. I would say Caribbean is spot on. I would say Asia is probably a little bit better than we expected, and Alaska, we would just be an eyelash lower than we would have anticipated. When you ask about the beginning of the year, I think that the 5% to 6% on the balance of the non-Europe would have been a little bit higher, and I say that mainly because of the impacts that we saw on Concordia. We have been able to recover a lot of the gap that we saw in Q2 and Q3 on the non-European products, but clearly, there's been much more pronounced impact on Europe.
Brian J. Rice: We're looking for that, if you can just give me one second. Let's see, I don't have it for the balance of the year, I have it for the full year.
Brian J. Rice: We -- for 2012, the Caribbean is about 42%, 43%. Europe is about 30%. Asia is about -- if we take Asia and the South Pacific, we're looking at about 8% there. Alaska is about 4%, and then I would just put the others in an All Other category. I'm sorry, Michael, we don't seem to have '13 at that level. If you could give Ian Bailey a call, he can provide that to you.
Brian J. Rice: We just want to thank everyone for joining us today. We realize today's a very busy earnings call day, so we do appreciate you dialing in. If you have any further questions, Ian will be available throughout the day. Have a good one.
Richard D. Fain: Robin, Richard here. That's -- it's a broad question. I think we clearly are looking at that sort of thing. I don't think we're in a position to be specific about it. I think what we're looking at is, we see that even in this market, we could get some very attractive returns from some of our vessels that have performed well. And we do see both the better performance in terms of revenue, the lower cost and a better fuel consumption from some of our ships. And so, yes, we are looking at some possibilities. As I indicated though, in today's market, you couldn't get a ship before 2016 anyhow. So it's a ways off in the future. But we are looking at the kinds of ships that are, even in today's world, generating nice returns.
Richard D. Fain: Yes. Steven, what I actually mentioned was our -- specifically, our growth rate over that period was a little under 3%. I think -- of course, one of the things that happens with cruise capacity is, it's not a continual curve. You don't say, "I want 2.38%", because the ships come in large increments. And so getting it smooth and getting it precise within a percent or so -- it frankly isn't the way we look at it. The other thing I would emphasize is, in terms of the market, we're not dealing with an existing market that is growing, although that is happening in, for example, United States or in Europe. A lot of what we are doing with our capacity is shifting it to new markets, and in essence, opening up new demand. So, for example, this year, Adam talked about moving the Voyager of the Seas from Europe to Asia, and particularly, China. That was -- that actually brought down our capacity in the existing markets. And the Voyager this year and the Mariner next year, those are going into entirely different markets that essentially didn't exist before. So to relate to your comparison, which I think is an interesting one, I would actually say you ought to look at what we're doing with, in effect, the existing market, which is growing -- which is either pretty flat or only slightly growing, as opposed to taking capacity out of those markets and moving them into what's proving to be a very exciting Asian market. So I think that's the way we are looking at it. But I also would emphasize, we're not just focusing -- we're not going to get it accurate within 1% or 2%.
Richard D. Fain: Well, I think there is no question that we, like any other industry -- you do have cycles and you have times when you do too much into an area. And we have said that we think the lower capacity growth will be a driver of demand -- sorry, a driver of increased rates. So we think that's a good trend to go in. But, for example, you talk about Europe. It wasn't that we overwhelmed Europe. Frankly, it was that Europe suffered 2 calamities that we really didn't anticipate. We did not anticipate the unfortunate tragedy in Italy. We didn't anticipate the financial and capital markets meltdown in Europe, and we didn't anticipate the Arab Spring. And so I think in those cases, it is a question that the market actually changed, and I'm not sure we'll ever be able to anticipate those things. We do have -- you mentioned Australia and New Zealand, and that's true, because those markets have been so robust that we probably, as an industry, put too much into them. And I'll actually come back to something Adam said. It's not doing -- it's not growing as quickly as it did and it's not getting the kind of rate increases, but it's still getting very robust rates. So I don't regret having more capacity in a market that is getting very robust rates, but those rates may be stable instead of going up. So I think that's the overall way we're looking at it.
Richard D. Fain: Very challenged. You're absolutely right. Spain, of course -- we've talked about 2 things that are impacting Europe, Tim; we've talked about the impact of the tragedy in Italy, and we've talked about the impact on the economy. And both impact Spain, and particularly, it's probably bigger on the economic side. Spain is clearly one of the most challenged economies in Spain. And that is the euphemism, I think, we all use because it is really a very difficult economic environment. And so it is one of the biggest sufferers within our fleet. Having said that, I think the management of Pullmantur has done an outstanding job of dealing with a very difficult situation, and they have done that both by positioning themselves better within Spain but also by shifting a lot of their capacity out. So Pullmantur, for example, has gone from -- I think it was 87% Spanish customer base to now closer to 40% Spanish customer base, as they shift demand to places like South America and Brazil. But unfortunately, if there's one particularly painful area and one that looks like it's -- may be with us for a while, I would have to say the Spanish economy fits that bill.
Adam M. Goldstein: I don't know that there's -- this is Adam, Felicia. I don't know if there's anything, any one thing that's so notable that it jumps out. We have noted over the last several years where there has been sort of ongoing macroeconomic challenge that our constant intent is to make efficiency gains that do not affect the quality of the product that the guests experience. And also, we, of course, have been expanding our global footprint from a sales and marketing and deployment standpoint. So it really is a lot of attention to small changes in cost of the margin and which would affect net cruise costs, x fuel, and then at the same time, doing everything within our power to try to minimize fuel costs, which, of course, have no benefit for the guests.
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, clearly, we feel that there are opportunities in the Asia Pacific region that are emerging for our company and certainly the Royal Caribbean International brand. That is an effort that we've had in place for several years that's beginning to bear fruit; would have borne fruit in 2011, but for the situation that unfolded in Japan. And the China market is beginning to catch on to cruising as a preferred vacation type. I believe a number of people in China refer to Voyager of the Seas, which is there now, as the "Asia super boat". And so we are moving, in a measured manner, capacity there. Next year, that takes place in the form of Mariner of the Seas going there replacing Legend of the Seas, which is, of course, an uptick in capacity, and will leave us with 2 Voyager class ships in the region. We pointed out during this call in a number of different ways that the Caribbean remains solid for us. And we've made certain adjustments, for example, Royal Caribbean International would be back to offering a year-round San Juan-based product, which has been successful for us over time. And we'll resume that. But I want to make sure that people understand that even with a 10% decrease in the company's capacity in Europe next year, that still keeps Europe as an important, strategic element in our deployment program and in our company's assessment of market opportunities. Even with Europe's difficulties, it's this tremendous size of vacation market and a lot of opportunities to go on cruises nearby. So we are changing things at the margin in the direction of Asia Pacific and to some degree, in the direction of North America. But it's still our intent to do profitable business in Europe as well.
Adam M. Goldstein: Greg, it's Adam. We certainly have heard a fair amount anecdotally and from certain travel agents, and to some degree, from the packaged tour sector about higher European airfares being an impediment to American travelers going to Europe. I think on the last call, I mentioned that one of the options that we have, because we're marketing at a high level in both North America and Europe, is that to the extent that European customers might not buy our cruise products in Europe as aggressively, then we could market more to North Americans and to some degree, fill in. And so notwithstanding the anecdotal stories about high airfares as an impediment, in fact, the percentage of our customers on our European cruises in 2012 that are coming from North America will be a few percentage points higher than what they were last year or what we had originally expected them to be. It's not a seismic shift, but it is slightly higher, which means that notwithstanding whatever the airfare impediments have been, we have, in fact, been able to get some additional help from North America with the various challenges that we face in Europe.
Adam M. Goldstein: I don't think that there has been a notable change in that trend. We mentioned earlier that we've been able to drive late business in Europe, albeit at discounted rates. And that is primarily a function of European sourcing. So that's probably more where the action is at the moment.
Adam M. Goldstein: The only trend that I would note -- I don't even know if it's fair to call it a trend. It was a big question as to whether we would see significant late booking business in Europe from the European countries as we headed into July, August for the sailings that are occurring in August, September, October. And what we see is that we are in fact able to drive the late business at good volume. Clearly, not at the rates we would like to be commanding for these products, but we are able to drive the business. So that is coming from actually all European-source markets.
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, we're, of course, Assia, bigger than we were in 2008. And so the number of guests that we're attracting on these cruises is higher, and the yields are also commensurate with the 2008 levels at this point. So we're not going to sit here and celebrate where we are in terms of our Caribbean yields. We have referred to the business, I think, on a couple of occasions today as being solid. It is up year-over-year, it's commensurate with the best year that we had in 2008. And so it gives us a good foundation on which to think forward about the region and how we operate in it. And with the resurgence of Asia following what happened in Japan last year and the solid positioning in the Caribbean, it allows us to sort of really focus on what we need to be doing in Europe to maximize the opportunity that we have there and deal with the challenges. Hopefully, all of that adds up to a proper foundation for the next few years.
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, the volumes essentially will be, need to be higher on a year-over-year basis to closed-in volume because we have a larger capacity hold to fill in Europe because of the way that the market developed this year. So what I have suggested earlier in my comments is that there was a natural question about whether we could, in fact, find that volume for the August, September, October sailings. And at this point, I can say that we are finding that. So the comparatives to last year are really going to be a function of how much capacity there was at this point last year, how much there is at this point this year. But our focus is on making sure that we put the right discounting programs into the market to realize the remaining volume that we need.
Adam M. Goldstein: James, it's Adam again. I should note first that in the U.K. market, which is, I believe, still the second largest market in cruising today, we have had a significant market share and have been a major player in that market for over 10 years, and we'll continue to be a major player there. It's really been on the continent of Europe and especially in Southern Europe where we have ratcheted up our presence and our sales and marketing efforts. It doesn't influence market share that much in the short to medium term, to be honest, because our competitors are also investing in Europe and growing and putting ships there. But we have seen the opportunities that emanate from a very large vacation market that's catching on to cruising, and we expect to be a long-term player there. I did mention before when I was talking about the fact that the company will be down 10% in capacity next year over this year in Europe that we've made certain adjustments at the margins, some of which have to do with increasing our presence in Asia. And what we can see is that the industry overall is making some changes, which will probably result in Europe having a slightly less share of the overall cruise industry in 2013 than it had in 2012. But just to be clear, I'm talking about something like about 33% this year to maybe somewhere between 31% and 32% next year. So again, it's not a seismic change, but it does reflect the fact that the industry and our company's assets are mobile. And over a 2- to 3-year period, especially when we do our deployment cycles, we're able to make changes that are reflective of the market opportunities and challenges that we see. And so some of that is going on with us next year in Europe. So we will continue to be a significant player there.
Adam M. Goldstein: Brian, this is Adam. First, I think it's worth reinforcing that the Mediterranean market is just a bigger market. Because there's more volume, there's more happening there than Northern Europe. So they're not equal size. So bearing that in mind, we've also indicated during the course of the call that we -- in relation to our original expectations, we've faced more pricing pressure and have had to do a higher level of discounting and I guess you could say, work harder for the business in the Mediterranean than we have had to do in Northern Europe. All of it is a challenge, but since you asked about the relative degree of challenge, it's been greater in the Med than in the North.
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, every year, Michael, there are a series of deployment changes which take place throughout the brands and, therefore, the fleet. Some of them drive higher net cruise costs, some of them lower. I don't see anything particularly special about 2013 as it relates to deployment-driven cost changes at the margins of the business. I would say, in that respect, it's a fairly stable outlook. But there, of course, will be many different variables that affect the overall cost development. I just don't see that one as being particularly notable.
Adam M. Goldstein: We see next year -- and as a respect to what you're talking about, we see next year as being more or less neutral in comparison to this year on those factors.
Adam M. Goldstein: There is a slight shift in market sourcing towards the U.K. but not a big shift in the deployment of ships. That was between North and Med.
