Michael Bayley: Hi Steve, it's Michael. Yeah, I mean obviously we have contingency plans for all of our ships deployed globally, and it’s part of our overall planning process. So, in the case of -- at the moment, it's really Spectrum that's been removed from the China market and that's safely sailing with our crew. We have plans obviously, but I think as we've all said, it's really difficult to understand what is going to happen. I think we're all waiting to see. But we do have alternative plans in place, and we can either redeploy regionally or outside of the region, but we do have plans in place.
Michael Bayley: Hi Jared, this is Michael. Good morning. Yeah I think we're kind of pleased with what we're seeing in all of our markets around the world with of course the exception of what's occurring in China. When you look at the call center inbound activity as it relates to questions, concerns that both our trade partners and our customers are asking us, any issue related to the virus is relatively small. There are inquiries asking what our policies and practices are, etc. But it's really a tiny percentage, it's under 1.5% of the calls coming in. And we feel good about the booking activity for Caribbean, Alaska, and Europe and generally international. With regards to the second question on the non-refundables, we didn't have them in place five years ago. I think if I recall we introduced them about three -- two to three years ago. I'm very pleased with the results that we have. I don't think we've ever given an actual percentage number of non-refundables but they're very attractive to the customers and of course they're very sticky bookings. So we're pleased. Year-over-year we've seen improvement in the number of customers who choose that option. 
Michael Bayley: Hi Jared, this is Michael. I'll let Jason respond to the question on the yield guide but with regards to Perfect Day and the demand that we're seeing coming through we're very pleased with both demand and rate, and I think the volume that we're expecting out of Perfect Day sure is close to 2.4 million guests. We've deployed more ships into Perfect Day and we've been really pleased with both the demand and the pricing for the product.
Michael Bayley: Just to add to that on Friday we opened up the Coco Beach Club in Perfect Day and that is another new element of the experience and the over -- well the cabanas is selling for $1500 a day and they are pretty much booked at. 
Michael Bayley: Hi James, this is Michael. Yeah, I mean we've actually been quite active in developing the outbound market and of course this kind of really hit during the spring festival week. So we had some outbound business going to ships around the world. But of course a lot of that ended up canceling. That number is built into the $0.25 that we've already spoken about. Now obviously there are -- there's really no outbound business but it peaked during the spring week and then it dropped down significantly after that. So it's really minimal impact at the moment.
Michael Bayley: Yeah hi it is Michael. Obviously it's a very dynamic and moving situation. We're monitoring this on a daily basis where we have a medical team as part of our company and we're very connected to the World Health Organization and CDC. I think you'll see that as each day passes different countries enforce different rules, protocols, and regulations. We implemented protocols early last week about almost up to two weeks ago. And we're monitoring all of these different protocols. So I think with regards to people who from, to, or transited through Mainland China or Hong Kong nearly all countries now are adopting the same kind of protocols generally. We also have as you say part of it is an honor system. But we have a secondary screening system in place on our fleet that's been in place now for quite some time which monitors activity in passports and of course the passport holder themselves. And we are taking temperatures etcetera, etcetera. So yes, you're right. I mean I think it's of course a possibility but not only our countries but our company itself are taking a series of what we believe to be very prudent and sensible actions that will not entirely eliminate the risk but massively minimize this risk.
Michael Bayley: Yeah, I mean I think again to my previous comment it's really a dynamic moving situation. There are various changes that are being put into place by different countries, etc. We've seen change with airlift from the for example the Western American Airlines where they did suspend flights in and out of China until the end of March. We're not really seeing a lot of regional disruption in terms of flights, etc. What we are seeing is different countries adopting these various protocols which seem to be moving to a similar protocol. I think the World Health Organization made a point last week when they spoke about the smaller countries that obviously have less resources to deal with this and they tend to still be making different decisions as it relates to their individual protocols. But that's more of an impact on individual itineraries and of course we always have alternative ports to go to visit. So again it's difficult to answer specifically. I think it's just a dynamic moving situation. The good thing is, is that there is a really universal effort to work together to contain and minimize the impact of this situation.
Michael Bayley: You know we've made this point in previous calls, most industries when you look through the calendarization it is -- this cycle is time to define. And so you expect a certain sequence between the quarters. Our quarters within the year tend to be more defined by specific events the delivery of a new ship, when the dry docks take place. So ours is more episodic and we have known and tried to telegraph for a while that the first quarter of this year episodically is low. But that doesn't impact our overall position for the year. 
Richard D. Fain: Yeah, Steve we set up these programs really to motivate our management, and I emphasize that these aren't -- we're not making predictions here, we're setting goals. And our focus is to try and not only get people to focus on doing their job more effectively but also to use innovation to find new and different ways to do it. So, I don't think I'm in a position to say well, we're going to do this by yields and this by costs and this by new investments, etc. We're looking at the whole panoply. And again, I would also emphasize we're looking at five goals and we think these are all very much interrelated. We're not going to get the earnings we want if we don't get good returns on our invested capital. We're not going to get good growth in our yields if our guests aren't happy and our crew members aren't engaged, and our people aren't focused. So, all these things work together and we think together that's the way to achieve our best outcome. But we haven't broken it out in terms of this much from yield, and this much from something else. 
Richard D. Fain: Yeah, I'll just make a few comments and Michael can jump in. It's not a question of us shifting our sourcing based off of what we're seeing today. Based off of what we were seeing last year our brands made changes to their deployment that really maybe the global appeal greater. Meaning that you can source from more markets versus maybe having a ship that was significantly dependent on the UK market as an example. So our sourcing is a little bit different for Europe this year but a lot that's just driven by us globalizing the sourcing markets for our brands and our products that are based in Europe.
Richard D. Fain: Yeah, I would just comment in general if you take out Azamara, because Azamara won't be in Alaska this year, it is one of our higher yielding brands. We expect a yield improvement in that product this year. Okay, next question. 
Richard D. Fain: No. This is Richard. I think we were feeling quite good then and we have been reassured by seeing the call volume and the response on bookings in the Wave period. As we said there are some exceptions and we've pointed it out a couple in the Gulf and in Australia. But the strength of the bookings frankly we have found outside of the Coronavirus we have found really very reassuring. So I think just from an overall point of view we feel quite good about the year. 
Jason Liberty: Well, it will certainly decrease. I think it will decrease it by about a 100 basis points for those eight canceled sailings based off of what goes through the March 4 date. 
Jason Liberty: Yeah, good morning Harry. Actually, you really hit on the main driver below the line is the Grand Bahama Shipyard, and the loss of the dock for that yard, and so we do not expect that dock to be back on line in 2020, likely in 2021. So, the income that we were receiving which of course since it is a joint venture, and it's an equity pickup, that's where we had expected it to be and that's what's affecting us.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. So, we're not going to get into the ebbs and flows of what's there. I mean I think our formula for success, which is moderate yield growth, good cost control while investing in our business and growing our business, and I think at least for the next three or four years there's a very good understanding on how our capacity is going to grow as part of that. I think when you look at -- if you run that 14% CAGR and you keep in mind that our goal is to maintain our leverage between 3x and 3.5x that that will leave you with a substantial amount of cash that will be available to shareholders. 
Jason Liberty: Just to add onto it, I think last week just remember that it was the Chinese New Year. So our expectations on booking activity was actually pretty low. Our commentary or my commentary around the booking environment is really what we're seeing to date. So when we think about being in a strong reposition, load factor position, our commentary or strength around North America's demand for North American products and European products, on the positive commentary about Europe is all kind of incorporating what we've been seeing. If you actually look at our 2020 bookings since our last call our booking activity is up 6% versus a person at that point in time. So if you take out the Coronavirus just for a moment what you're seeing is really kind of continued strength in demand for our brand and for our products.
Jason Liberty: So you're taking the midpoint of our guide about a 100 basis points is going to be driven by the new hardware that's coming on and the balance of that which also includes Perfect Day is coming from like for like improvement. So we're -- I would say we are very, very kind of encouraged and we're not going to break out five months of Perfect Day in terms of our yield guidance.
Jason Liberty: Right, but in the first quarter they are slightly higher than our quarter average but as it is for the full year it's pretty close to the overall average.
Jason Liberty: Sure, so Australia for the year Q1 and Q4 are the heavy periods. There is a little bit that happens in Q2 so in the first quarter Australia is about 12% of our capacity, in the fourth quarter it's about 11% of our capacity. In the second quarter it is about 4% of our capacity. So really the commentary was during those brushfires what we saw was obviously the consumer, the local consumer was very focused on what was happening there in their country. So we saw a little bit of pullback in terms of activity for close in. What we did see as things kind of settled down there is an acceleration of demand. And so we were able to fill those ships, we were able to fill the ships but at slightly lower pricing just due to the timing of all of it. 
Jason Liberty: And James just to add into it, the benefits, I mean obviously the ships like Spectrum of the Seas which is really dedicated to the Chinese market has a greater impact to us because 99.5% of those guests are Chinese. With the outbound space we have the opportunity to be able to source guests from other markets which will help abate some of that risk.
Jason Liberty: So it's not that linear or you just take a certain number of per voyage. There is variations depending on the timing of those sailings inside the months that are out there and obviously we don't have a second ship coming in now for several months. I think in terms of our communication strategy I don't think we have a set timeline to it. But I think that we kind of pride ourselves with being transparent to the investment community and as we learn more I think we would we would try to take the opportunity to share that impact.
Jason Liberty: Sure, so on the marketing side there's really more marketing costs in the first half of the year. Most of that is just driven due to the election coming up so we are trying to get ahead of that cycle. As it relates to Grand Bahama as I said the first quarter there's about $0.12 or $0.13 -- I'm sorry 12 million to 13 million of equity pickup loss due to that dry dock being closed.
Jason Liberty: No, but certainly Dubai due to the Middle East, Australia and Hong Kong have weighing on our yields in the first quarter.
Jason Liberty: Yeah, so 2019 was a more challenging top line year for the German market. But as we look into 2020 we're seeing a lot of strength in booking on both a rate and volume basis.
Jason Liberty: Sure, sure. So, first as Richard says we're not just trying to hit the ball we're trying to swing through the ball. And if you look at -- or in my commentary I think what we're looking for here is to leverage the investments we're making to have moderate yield growth and continue to have good cost to someone.
Jason Liberty: So, the only word I heard there was China Robin. So why don't -- I'll follow up with you after to answer the question. But it was very difficult to hear you as well. I will follow up with you. 
Jason Liberty: Well as it relates to your two cruises obviously I mean the performance of that brand has been exceptional and we really believe that in the German market and TUI cruises is positioned in that market. How it's trading, how it's growing in its demand. We're very happy and which makes us very excited about the German market and the overall European market. As it relates to on the cost, I think you were talking about the first quarter your cost piece, the main drivers in that first quarter are really just driven by investments in marketing and technology and in G&A. Certainly Perfect Day plays into that a little bit about 60 basis points of the first quarter cost increase.
Jason Liberty: Well the dry docks for the first quarter in itself it's lighter in the first half of the year than it is -- I am sorry there's more dry docks in the first half of the year than there is in the first. So probably about a point of that cost increase more or less about a point of the cost increase is driven by us having more dry dock days in the first half of the year -- in the first quarter.
Jason Liberty: So Brandt obviously we're monitoring events and we're looking at competitors. We have our plans in place, we have alternatives, we thought it through. I really don't actually want to go into detail on this call about what those plans are because we are in a very competitive environment so we don't want to start talking about where we're planning on deploying if this really does play out to much longer time span.
Jason Liberty: Well, our goal is to mainly have a similar mix of our fuel to the balance of 2020 as we had in 2019. We are more hedged on the MGO side and in those schedules we will get published [indiscernible] later in the day for you to be able to have the mix of fuel and those hedge positions and then from there you should be able to look at the flex in MGO and IFO fuels.
Jason Liberty: Yeah, well I think that is a working theory. It's also why if we look at our hedge position we are hedged more in MGO than we are in IFO because it is rational that as time goes on here demand for IFO is going to drop -- continue to drop in and of course demand for MGO is going to continue to rise. Operator we have time for one more -- operator we have time for one more question. 
Jason Liberty: And Vince just to add in our last call when we talked about the cadence of our yield growth we did point that we expected Q1 to be wider because our yields last year were up over 9% and then of course we had Cuba, we were going to have to deal with which is impacting us by 120 basis points. So we knew that Q1 was going to be a more challenging quarter which is why we said it at that point in time. But if you -- but if you listen to our just our what we say since our last call our bookings have trended up by 6% for 2020. That would just show that our sentiment broadly is very, very good.
Jason Liberty: Okay, thank you for your assistance, Mariama with the call today. And we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Carola will be available for any follow ups you might have and we really wish you, all of you a great day.
