Jason Liberty: Okay. Well, thanks, Steve. I thought you were going to first start off and say, wow, you're back positive EBITDA, positive cash flow. I was hoping for like a little bit of a hug. But I think to just kind of going into -- I know that there is focus around the balance sheet and especially in the current state of the capital markets. First, I think our business is clearly ramping up. We're generating cash flow after OpEx, after CapEx. We're not seeing slowing down in activity and demand. We're actually seeing acceleration with our bookings and onboard activity. I think we have clearly shown through this that we have been very thoughtful and very methodical about capital raising, balancing liquidity and minimizing dilution, especially relative to others. And so I think when we have raised equity, it has been to manage liquidity and as we are right now, we are generating cash flow. We do think we have access to the capital markets, and we are confident that we're going to be able to continue to manage our balance sheet and repair it here over time. I would note that issuing equity, one is obviously, it's a Board decision. The bars are exceptionally high for us to be issuing equity. We don't have any plans to issue equity. What the Board is really focused on is how do we get back to pre-COVID levels as soon as possible and by that, meaning earnings, meaning ROIC and getting our balance sheet back and leverage back to what it was pre-COVID. So I think we feel that we have a plan and a path. And I think that the -- what we're seeing in the business and the improvement in the cash flow in the business is also giving us opportunity to be able to address some of these maturities with cash.
Jason Liberty: Sure. Well, I'll leave the question on cost for Naf. The one thing I would say is, I don't know how it categorized as a CDC leaving us alone. I think it's us proving through empirical data that cruising is an extremely safe environment and that our protocols are working effectively. And like them, we follow the science and are managing it. But I think to your point, there is a significant amount of cost that we were spending on healthy return to service and testing and so forth, and I'll let Naf address here in a second. So I think just to address a little bit on the pre-COVID, and I do appreciate the question because there are a number of factors that provide that I've talked about in my remarks, just incredible tailwinds to earnings and margin and returns as we accelerate to 2023 and beyond. As I mentioned, there are really strong secular trends, demographic trends that are providing tailwinds for our business. And the consumers are clearly looking to spend on experiences and of course, cruising has a really great value proposition relative to land-based vacations. I would argue it's way too good of a value proposition, and we're all working very hard on dealing that relative to land-based vacations. Also during the past few years, we worked pretty hard on reshaping our cost structure, improving our margin profile, like reducing non-guest-facing costs. We divested out of low-margin businesses to position ourselves for significant margin growth. Also like our brands, they are leading positions with each -- in each of their respective sectors, and we continue to go out and build the most innovative fleet in the industry. And that growth will lead to higher margins, as we've talked about in the past, better inventory mix, better onboard revenue venue, better fuel consumption and more scale brings more margin onto our G&A. And then with my comments today about the CDC and our change in our policies around that, and when we look at our booking environment that is accelerating, we expect 2023 to be a normal operating year. And by normal, I mean, we'll be at normal load factors, we'll be at better rates, and that will all lead to strong EBITDA and earnings performance. And with that comes positive cash flow and that cash flow will be prioritized and scrutinized to make sure -- and going towards high-returning investments and deleveraging. And we do anticipate swiftly reducing our negative carry, which will then return us to pre-COVID earnings over the next couple of years. I do want to be clear that getting back to pre-COVID financial metrics, it's part of the journey. I think we call it internally just getting back to base camp. So we're not going to be doing laps around the building when we get to pre-COVID levels because our ambitions around our financial performance based off of our brands, our ships, our growth is much greater than just getting to pre-COVID levels. And I do anticipate as we get towards the latter part of this year, giving a lot more color and definition to a longer-term program, which will include getting to base camp and beyond, and our plan is to get more clarity as we have done in the past with programs like Double-Double that help us galvanize our internal teams to focus on delivering on those results.
Jason Liberty: Yes. So we're starting off here by doing the five days or less and we're going to look at that. But I think our expectation here, call it, in the next 45 days or so and of course, following local requirements, which will somewhat dictate in some of our destinations what those testing requirements will be that the majority of the testing requirements will be lifted, especially around the majority of our deployment. We might, depending on where the ships are going, take some additional protocols. And of course, we're going to continue to follow where COVID is in society and take the necessary actions.
Jason Liberty: Well, I'll just -- I think a few comments. One, on 2022, as soon as that -- the U.S. testing requirement was lifted, I think we immediately saw a 9% or 10% lift in our booking activity for the mean the 2022 sailings. So we've actually made up quite a bit of ground since that was lifted. And of course, you're getting flights close in. It can also be a challenge, especially in the current state of the airline world in Europe. But we have seen very strong demand for Europe for 2023. The volume really starts to pick up here as we exit the summer. But from what we can see relative to 2019 levels or historical levels, we do expect Europe to act and behave very similar to what it did in 2019 in terms of load factors and rates.
Jason Liberty: Yes. The only thing I would just add just anecdotally, we all bought -- we bought a lot of stuff during the pandemic. I'm sure like all of you, I had 10 Amazon boxes show up in my house every single day. And I think people have absorbed and consumed all that they're looking -- I mean, I'm using hyperbole here, but things that they want to buy. And I think they're really again, very, very focused on experience.
Jason Liberty: Yes. I think the only one comment I want to make about I think, just broader working capital just to keep in mind is we're now in the high season, right? And we've added capacity with -- during this time. So our customer deposit balance has been rising. But there will -- we're moving into now a zone as we're getting to normal load factors that we'll now start to see the historical seasonality of customer deposits. So I would just kind of keep that in mind as you're looking at comparables to previous quarters that I would look more in how it is -- in previous period on a seasonality basis than I would quarter-over-quarter.
Jason Liberty: Well, I think I'll just make a few comments and sorry, Michael, please jump in on it. So first, I think that there is a reality of we're packaging much more than we have had in the past. And some of that comes and that accelerates some of the pre-cruise activity that I was talking about in terms of the onboard experience. So depending on how you're looking at the discounting, sometimes it's more about geography of what's going into ticket and what's going in to onboard. And so there's a little bit of that reality that has been evolving now for many, many years, not just with us but also inside the industry. And then there's also -- we brought up eight ships in the second quarter. And so as we're bringing those ships up and there's more shore product, et cetera, some of those comparables look like there's -- it's a highly promotional environment, which is more promotional than it typically is. But it's something that is yielding higher rates because that combination of the ticket and the onboard are yielding a higher APD.
Jason Liberty: Well, I think that what we're seeing, and even in our commentary into 2023, right, being within historical ranges at higher rates, I think that's what we're continuing to see. And I think it also leads a little bit into my comments about the value proposition, right? There is a very healthy gap and a larger gap today than there has been with land-based vacations. And I think when -- now that these protocols are falling off and we're operating and our guests who are incredible advocates of ours are sharing their experiences and telling them that cruise is just like what it was pre-COVID, that all of that is kind of manifesting into this opportunity where people look at cruising and saying, wow, this is a really good value proposition. And even if I pay a little bit more money, it's still a huge gap to if I did a land-based vacation.
Jason Liberty: The other point I just wanted to add, which -- just a bit on Naf's point that we had invested a significant amount of money pre-COVID in the modernization of our fleet. As our ships got more and more innovative and larger and more incredible activities to do, that gap was widening. And we -- pre-COVID, we closed that gap considerably by adding a lot of those features onto our our legacy fleet. And so that's why I think we -- as Naf said, we will continue to invest in high-returning programs. But we've actually invested a lot to keep our core business relevance within our brands.
Jason Liberty: Yes. And I think just one point to add, we're also staying very kind of tuned in with the customer. And during COVID or the early days, they were very locally minded. Now, they're becoming much more regionally minded as we're seeing them being comfortable booking in different products in North America, booking products in Europe as they kind of now move more and more towards back being globally minded, which is where they were pre-COVID. And I think we're very tuned in. Our brands are very tuned into that. And in many cases, the product or the itineraries are a reflection of where we think the consumer is today relative to their travel preferences.
Jason Liberty: Well, the booking curve is no longer really contracting. It's now expanding again. So I do think we expect it to return here over the coming, call it, 6 months or so to a normal level of a booking window relative to historical activity. But as our ships are coming up and as I think people are -- as protocols begin to fall away here now, we would expect there to be a further acceleration in close-in demand for whatever inventory is left, which can lean a little bit on that macro statistic around the booking window. But what we have seen over the coming -- over the past several weeks and months, is that window beginning to extend.
Jason Liberty: I mean we -- I'll let Michael kind of comment on it. But I mean, we have been investing in marketing, and we continue -- we have our marketing plans. I don't think the CDC changes is something that really impacts our marketing activities, but I'll yield and see whatever else Michael wants to add to it.
Jason Liberty: Just I think just one thing I just want to add on to it, that we saw this pre-pandemic and very much kind of lead it into the investments that Michael was just talking about is that we have for decades thinking that the customer -- because the customer was focused on buying a cruise. And they have -- and we saw this when we saw the shift from goods to experiences pre-COVID is that they're really focused on buying an experience. And we had to make the investments on a technology basis to make sure that when a consumer is -- whether it's -- when they're booking their vacation or they're leading up to their vacation that we were able to put in front of them, the overall experience that they were going to have and they want to put it all together so that they can create the memories that they want to create just leveraging kind of the canvas that we provide them. And I think that's really what a lot of these investments and how we've been marketing to them, which is leading to more and more of the onboard pre-booking activities. But I would say that when we think about the technology that we've installed, we're still very early innings. It has opportunity to be very sophisticated, even easier to interact with. And I think that we're very bullish on what can come out of that. And yes, of course, there's money to be made in it, but it's really by focusing and enhancing on the experience, that's going to lead to a happier customer, a customer that's willing to pay more and that leads to better returns.
Jason Liberty: Yes. So I mean, this is obviously a very difficult question to answer because depending on which recession you're talking about, I mean, the U.S. over the past 30 years has really had episodic type of economic downturns, whether it was the unfortunate circumstances with 9/11, the Great Recession, et cetera. What we see in other markets that just have kind of modest economic downturns, we actually don't see a lot of impact on our pricing. And I think it's more focused on the value proposition gap between land-based vacation that cruising tends to do quite well because of that gap that's out there. Now in saying that, what we do see is they will tend to look for the overall cost of their vacation. And I think leading into what we were talking about with shore product and 7-night and so forth and traveling more regionally, which is how we position our deployment. That typically leads to us coming out of that in very good shape. But I think it's important to stress in my comments is we do not see any of this in the day-to-day trading of our business, the day-to-day spend that's happening on our business. And we're a nimble organization. And of course, you can't save your way to greatness, but we do think our revenue managers do think that we can continue to improve yield even in an impact on an economic standpoint -- broader economic standpoint.
Jason Liberty: Thank you for assisting, Joanne, with the call today, and thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Michael will be available for any follow-ups you may have. I wish you all a very good day.
Naftali Holtz: Hi, Steve. It's Naf. So let me just touch on your costs. So you're right. In the earnings release, we also disclosed that in this quarter, in the second quarter, we had $7.75 per APCD cost that is related to the health protocols as well as onetime cost to return to ships and crew back to operation. And just as a reminder, we actually returned eight ships in the second quarter. So that's obviously part of the cost. And as we look forward into the rest of 2022, we expect the improvement in our cruise costs. Part of it is because of those easing protocols. And then as we look beyond that, we think that those costs will be materially eliminated and be absorbed whatever is left into the business.
Naftali Holtz: Robin, it's Naftali. So as you noted, our relationships with the ECAs are very, very strong. They have supported us as well as our commercial banks or other lending partners throughout the pandemic through multiple actions. And we have not -- we don't have anything to talk about today. We are very confident with our ability to generate free cash flow to cover operating and capital costs. Our liquidity is strong. So we're very confident that we can manage the maturities in the next 18 months.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So I think the way I would characterize it is that we are generating now positive EBITDA and cash flow. We are covering more than our operating costs and capital costs. And there's nothing unique in the third quarter in terms of anything to point out. And all that cash flow will be to prioritize to pay down debt.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. Thanks for the question. So first, throughout the last two years, we were very focused. One of our guiding principle was to maintain the quality and the health of our assets. And we continue to do dry docks. We delayed the way -- we laid out the ships was very unique such that when we knew that when we come back, we would minimize the need for more investment on maintenance. And I think we're very, very pleasantly surprised and as expected, as we are now back to operations, we don't see any elevated needs for capital for any deferred maintenance. So of course, we're doing kind of regular maintenance dry docks. And those are very -- those are obviously within our numbers that we've shared with you, but there's nothing elevated outside of that. And we, at this point, generating cash flow beyond our operating capital needs. And again, as you mentioned, we are prioritizing that cash flow to pay down debt.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So thanks for the question. So first, on the consumption side, we continue to make progress on improvement on consumption. We did it the last several years, and that continues to happen. Obviously, we have newer ships that are much more efficient. So I think on the consumption side, obviously, we're continuing to make that progress. Specifically about the quarter, two things in mind. One, in my prepared remarks, I mentioned that we are lower than the average in terms of our hedging and that obviously impacts some of that fuel cost in the third quarter, but we are obviously going to be higher hedged in the fourth quarter. The other thing is that the consumption is a little bit more skewed in this quarter towards MGO and less IFO is also contributing to a little bit of a higher field expense. But it's very isolated to the third quarter.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So thanks for the question. So yes, we do expect to see an improvement in mid-single digits for the second half, and this should be also a sequential improvement from a quarter-to-quarter as the protocols are easing. Obviously, we're building the load factors as well. And as we look into 2023, our goal is to get to our pre-COVID margins as soon as possible. On one hand, as you mentioned, there is inflation, and we mentioned -- commented on the baskets that are impacting us the most. On the other hand, we also, as Jason mentioned, we've done a lot in the last two years to reshape our cost structure. And we expect that to ramp up this in the second half and well into 2023.
Michael Bayley: So Fred, it's Michael. Just to add one nugget of information to Jason's comments. We've seen -- really it's been an amazing response to our software and our communication and how we've been talking to the customers about experience, and just one nugget is that yesterday, we sold one -- just one of our overwater cabanas for 1 day for $4,000. And we just see there's just a lot of demand for these experiences, as Jason said. And we've also seen this in Alaska, for example, with the product that we have in Alaska that people just seem to be more willing to open their wallets and purchase these experiences. So it's been a very positive response to a lot of the products and services and experiences that we have.
Michael Bayley: Ben, it's Michael. Yes, I mean, I think what we're going to see today, we're already expecting it and our call centers are prepared and we've already worked on, obviously, our talking points and what have you. It's already going out into social media. We've started communicating to our distribution, and we're starting to communicate through e-mails to our customer base. So this kind of change, I think, we'll be seeing very positively. And we've got some distributors who have been anxiously awaiting changes as long as -- along with many of our customers. One of the calculations that we have is about 40% of all of the FCCs that are sitting on the buy lines of people who've been waiting for the protocols to change. So I think this easement and this change is going to be viewed very positively. So we're expecting to see an increase in bookings literally starting today.
Michael Bayley: Paul, it's Michael. No, I mean we've been very focused on new-to-cruise pre-COVID. We had a great degree of success of generating new-to-cruise, and it's always been part of our strategic intent. And we planned and had tactics around that. And we feel like we were making exceptional progress pre-COVID. Post COVID, and I think we commented in the past that the real return was supported by our loyal now kind of normalized, and we see the new-to-cruise returning to kind of pre-COVID levels. So -- but certainly, the shore product is the on-ramp for new-to-cruise. And with Perfect Day, which now we're close to taking 10,000 people a day to Perfect Day, which is proving to be a real continued success and it really does draw the new-to-cruise. So it was, it is and it will continue to be very much part of our overall strategy.
Michael Bayley: Just to add to Jason's point, I mean if you think about our deployment during this period, we had a lot more regional drive-to products. So we skewed a little bit more heavily towards that drive-to product, which is easier in many ways to book and has less logistics to deal with. So I think it did kind of favor a later booking pattern because of that.
Michael Bayley: No, I was just going to -- I mean, I agree with Jason's comments. I mean, there's obviously a natural cadence that flows through the year, and we're kind of moving out of the summer into September in the fourth quarter. And all of our attention now switches really to '23. And just historically and normally, once we get past June and July, a lot of the consumer activity does tend to focus on their '23 vacation and what have you. So our marketing tends to really begin to ramp up as we move into Q4 and, of course, all in preparation for wave. And we're quite optimistic with what we're seeing in bookings and the acceleration of the pace of those bookings week by week. So we're thinking that '23 is going to look pretty good.
Michael Bayley: It's Michael. I think everything is the same and everything has changed. I do think that the consumer has changed in terms of how they engage with commerce. And we know from what we see with our distribution in the different channels that there's a higher propensity now to go to the web and to book on the web, et cetera. And I think, certainly, the investments that we made in our technology as it relates to getting to customers about their cruise experience and the opportunities and experiences that are available to them has proven to be successful. And I think that penetration rate has grown dramatically. And I think that's connected and reflects the kind of the acceptance that the consumer has now at a much greater level to buy online. And I think that, that change is structural, and it's going to stay with us. And I believe that everything that we've done with our pre-cruise marketing is really proving to be very effective.
