Brian J. Rice: Sure, Felicia. Our interest cost in total are up about $20 million year-over-year, so that's a little more than 0.5 percentage point, about 60 basis points. Most of that...
Brian J. Rice: That's insurance. Most of that, as I mentioned in my comments, is related to P&I, which is we're just now in the renewal period. We were actually talking to the clubs last week. We had anticipated some increases. We had, I believe, it was about a 10% increase in hull and machinery, which we had anticipated. But the P&I was much larger, and the allocation of the recovery of those costs to the cruise lines was more substantial than we had anticipated. We are in the midst -- I'm going to let Adam talk about some of the marketing investments that we're making, but we also -- both on capital and on the P&L, we're doing a lot of investment in IT right now. We're working a lot with our websites, our core reservation system, our ability to do a much more intuitive presentation to our customers, as well as be able to do a lot more revenue management in a more granular level. And those are benefits that have begun to start coming in, but they will also snowball over the next couple of years. So we've included some benefit this year in our revenue, but I think it's going to be 2014, 2015 that we really hope to get the biggest gains out of that.
Brian J. Rice: Robin, we don't get that granular and it's a mix of itineraries. I think we certainly try to indicate that we're being, I think, the most bullish on U.S. sourced business right now when we compare to other markets. The U.K. -- I'm sorry, go ahead.
Brian J. Rice: I think we read a lot about what people expect us to come out with guidance. We try to be as transparent as possible and actually try to offer a little more granularity on what we're seeing right now. Clearly, we're expecting the yields to be down in Spain this year. The U.K., our volumes are off, but our pricing is up a bit. The other markets are actually holding up okay, but we've tried to give some variability. We believe the largest swing factor will be Europe, and we've tried to accommodate that for a little more deterioration or a little more upside within our guidance.
Brian J. Rice: Well, as I mentioned, about 50 or 60 basis points is going to be insurance, and the other really marketing and IT costs are the 2 areas that we're seeing increases. The brands worked very hard to try to do cost containment. We're perpetually looking for synergies and how we can consolidate some of the back-office operations and improve efficiency. I think it's fair to say we are leveraging the technology to get efficiency as well. And our supply team has done a great job in negotiating and keeping any inflationary pressures in check. So I think we feel good about the guidance we've provided.
Brian J. Rice: Sharon, I apologize, I don't have a reconciliation of the occupancies for you. I'd say for the year we're down 40 basis points; and we're down, I believe, it was 1.2 percentage points in the fourth quarter. I know we did have an increase in cancellations due to Hurricane Sandy, but I don't know how much that impact was. But if you don't mind, we'll try to get some details. And if you could follow up with Ian, we'll try to help you out after the call.
Brian J. Rice: No, I think we're always within 1% or 2%, and our yield management team will make decisions that they believe is going to optimize the overall revenue equation. And sometimes, particularly on our higher-end brands, we may sacrifice load factor in order to drive yields up. But for the most part, we keep our load factors within a very narrow range.
Brian J. Rice: Assia, I think we are trying to drive higher revenues. We do believe that the best way to grow our bottom line is through these investments and getting the revenues up. 1%, as you pointed out, on the revenue line means a lot more to us than 1% on the cost side. I think we've done a good job of controlling costs. If you exclude the investments that we're making in IT and marketing and the adjustment for insurance, our costs are basically flat, which I think has taken a lot of hard work by the brands and by our infrastructure team. And we're quite proud of that. But we do believe making these investments is both good for the short-term and the long-term results that we can drive.
Brian J. Rice: Assia, I'm sorry, they're not a onetime item, they continue forward. It will actually be a pleasure to stop talking about deployment and international distribution changes in my script every time. But those are changes that occurred in 2012 from 2011. They do continue forward. I believe I called out early last year, one of the structural changes was the relationship that our Pullmantur brand has within Brazil. We did previously have more of a tour operator sort of structure where we shared revenues and costs, and that changed in 2012. And we have a more broader distribution system. And as a result of that, we got more of revenue and more of the cost. That continues going forward. So we really are looking at apples-to-apples as we compare 2013 to 2012.
Brian J. Rice: Harry, if you wouldn't mind, I think it would be best if you could follow up with Ian after the call. He's got the detailed reconciliation and can certainly make sure your model covers the different categories appropriately. I will mention we have guided traditionally that our maintenance CapEx is generally in the neighborhood of around $200 million to $250 million a year. That could be slightly higher in a couple of these years due to some of the IT investments, but we've included that. And the vast majority is obviously the new ships and the revitalizations. But Ian can give you the details of that.
Brian J. Rice: Well, the insurance is about 60 basis points. We didn't break out the marketing or the IT. But they're sharing, I would say, roughly equally in terms of driving the incremental expense. Tim, on your question on the booking curve, I think the U.S. is, for the most part, we would say in line with a year ago. We do have some pockets, some products where people are actually beginning to book a little bit further out, which is obviously helpful. Northern Europe, for the most part, is very consistent with what we were seeing last year, but we have seen contraction in Southern Europe. The Southern European countries are actually booking about a month close to sailing than they had been a year ago.
Brian J. Rice: Richard, I'm sorry. We said that we have sold less than 50% of Europe at this point. In aggregate, we're feeling as though we will have yield improvement in Europe this year.
Brian J. Rice: We haven't been that granular, but we've taken a lot of capacity out of Southern Europe. We've added capacity to Northern Europe.
Brian J. Rice: Greg, I think as I indicated to Sharon, we really manage within a narrow range of load factor. Unlike hotels, you don't see a lot of volatility in our yield performance based on the load factors. I think, at this point, we would look at it all to come from pricing leverage, as well as some accretion in onboard spending. [Operator Instructions]
Brian J. Rice: Sure. I think part of it is driven by the product mix. In the first quarter, we had very little Europe. We actually reduced capacity in the first quarter within Europe, which did not perform too well last year. And I think as we've indicated, our brands are performing particularly well in the Caribbean. We were up, as I mentioned in my opening comments, mid-single-digits in the fourth quarter, and we're looking at just core strength within the Caribbean. I know the Royal Caribbean brand in particular, with the Oasis class ships, have done very well, and I think that's predominately why we're seeing good performance in the first quarter despite the harder comp. Okay, thank you. And we'd like to thank everyone for joining us today. And as I mentioned before, Ian will be available throughout the day for any follow-ups, and we wish everyone a great day. Thank you.
Adam M. Goldstein: Felicia, this is Adam. When we talk about technology investments and marketing investments, we're often talking about essentially 2 sides of the same coin. We clearly want to invest in the new available ways of doing target marketing, of reaching people on a one-to-one basis and engaging with them in conversations that weren't possible even 5 or 10 years ago, to take advantage of the interest that people have in cruising in general and in our brand specifically. Second, the distribution of our industry continues to evolve. It's a very competitive space. And we need to continue to invest in ways of reaching travel agents and motivating them to sell our products first and foremost. And then the third aspect, which will not surprise you based on all of the previous conversations, is we need to invest in our global marketing capabilities. As we begin to be an active marketer in virtually every significant market in the world, whether that's China, Australia, Brazil, the United States, the U.K. or what have you, we find that we need to continue to invest in new marketing capabilities and new systems capabilities to support that.
Adam M. Goldstein: Felicia, sorry, it's Adam. I had you on mute there for a second. It's a little bit early, and we have said that because with all the different things that have transpired in Europe over the last 24 months, besides the fact that we're a little less booked there percentage-wise, we're a little bit less confident in how the market will react to the different techniques that we typically use. So we really need a little bit more time, I would say, in 2013 as we approach the summer season to see how it will go.
Adam M. Goldstein: There haven't been, Robin, dramatic changes. But at the margins, we're probably looking for a little bit more business from the United States. Typically, in recent years, when we've been talking about this on these calls, we've had the percentage from the U.S. at or maybe a little bit below 1/4 of our business. We're probably looking for a little bit above 1/4 of our business this year. But again, as I was just saying, we really need to see how the next few months develop. It is nice to know that there does seem to be a fairly robust level of interest from the United States to cruising Europe this summer, a little bit more than we've seen in the past few years at this point in time. And so we have the ability to leverage that to the extent that we need.
Adam M. Goldstein: Steve, this is Adam. Looking back at last year, we had a year of reasonable progress, I would say, with our onboard yields. Overall, some of the areas that were helpful to us were short excursions and beverage. Also, in general, being more present in the Asia Pacific region is good in terms of the spending by those guests. And then the third thing I would mention is that of the revitalization of substantial part of our fleet across brands is creating new revenue -- onboard revenue opportunities. And we were able to take some advantage of them in 2012 and would expect to continue to do so in the 2013. Just as Brian was discussing with costs right now, as it relates to onboard revenue, there's a tremendous effort taking place across all brands to create onboard revenue upside. And I would say we're cautiously optimistic at this point in the year.
Adam M. Goldstein: Sharon, it's Adam. Yes, we have made a number of tweaks in different areas. Also, let me start with short excursions. I know you just mentioned beverage, I'll come back to that. But as we become a more global operator with a more diversed guest sourcing, we have found both needs and opportunities to create more to our product for guests from different nationalities with different language capabilities in different parts of the world. I'd like to think we're getting better and better at that across the brands. And we saw opportunities in that area in 2012, and we would expect to see more opportunities in that respect in 2013. So that would be one example. The beverage area has been also relatively productive for us, both in terms of the introductions of a variety of different beverage packages across brands that give more consumer choice to our guests, both before and during the cruise in terms of how they would like to structure their beverage experience. And then, as I was just saying, I think in general, as we get more knowledgeable serving a more diversed group of nationalities across our various brands, we're simply finding new and interesting onboard revenue opportunities. And as we revitalize our ships with more specialty restaurants, different kinds of entertainment, different and better bars and so forth, we are finding areas of improvement. So all of those things together give us some optimism for 2013 and also in the years beyond.
Adam M. Goldstein: Assia, it's Adam. It's hard to compare the difference, either European countries or actually any 2 countries. The U.K. is the #2 market for cruising in the world. For example, in the case of Royal Caribbean International, we are doubling the number of ships we have out of Southampton this summer with the Venture of the Seas joining Independence of the Seas. And clearly, the U.K. is under some stress macroeconomically. So we find that we're having to work pretty hard in the market right at this point, and we're waiting to see how the normal kinds of promotional activity will develop. There's always a heavy level of promotional activity in the U.K. going on, no matter how robust or not robust the market is for 25 years that I can remember. So it's really a question of being how, over the next 2 or 3 months, the market responds to the types of techniques we've used in the past and whether we have to get more aggressive or not. But it's a big cruise market, it's experienced in cruising, there's very well-established distribution. Our products and services are well received in the market, and we would expect to be able to find the customers that we need as we go forward.
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, as we've said in a couple of different ways that we need to see how this develops over the next 2 or 3 months. We have a wide array of tactical options available to us in this business, both in our consumer and our trade communications. We have considerably more experience in all of the European countries than we had even a few years ago in terms of how to select and promote the activities that we need to do. So we have a lot of capability, but we're also facing a market environment that's certainly altered over the last 2 or 3 years into something that is a little bit different. I think when we're talking about United States market and the Caribbean and Alaska and the different techniques that we have available there, we're pretty confident when we say what -- when we look at what the different choices are as to how to go forward, what to select and when to put it into the market and what will probably happen. Europe is simply more uncertain at this time. And also because we source most of our customers on our European cruises from Europe, for them, it is closer-to-home, later-in-time booking proposition. So there are several different factors that sort of push towards needing the next few months to see how it will go. But we're optimistic that we can do the things that we need to do to keep the ships full and to be consistent with the pricing -- the earnings guidance and the yield guidance that we've given you today.
Adam M. Goldstein: Richard, this is Adam. I would say that we are in a phase that's more than a 1-year phase of ramping up investment and marketing and marketing-related technology development. That is a function both of the sort of cycles of technology investment over time, as well as the realities of being an aggressive global marketer in the 21st century and wanting to be very determined, I should say, to have successful globally oriented brands, as well as some very specifically nationalistically oriented brands that want to be preeminent in their respective markets. And so we're in a period right now where we're emphasizing that type of development. And as Brian noted earlier on the call, that means that it's incumbent upon the management team to find efficiencies and look for cost management opportunities in other areas to allow this type of investment to occur, so that we're able to drive yields on the revenue side, which is what the business is most about and what we are determined to achieve. So those are developments that are a focus for us strategically at this time. I wouldn't link the development of distribution costs to these marketing investments. The distribution around the world is in very differential states of evolution, so cruise distribution in the United States and I would say the U.K. is pretty mature. There's a lot of attention towards our products and services. Travel agents often build their economic model around what we and the rest of the industry are doing in cruising; whereas in places like China, it's a brand-new game. There really isn't cruise distribution in the way that we've known in the past in other markets, and we're trying to build that so that we can take advantage of the market's potential. So there's a lot of different factors that will propel distribution compensation independent of what we're doing with marketing and technology investment.
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, the travel agents are just doing whatever the business is that they're doing. And I think in the United States market, they have a general perception that the U.S. economy is coming along, that people are taking some confidence from the housing market turning into a somewhat more positive direction, that the country didn't fall over the fiscal cliff into the abyss. And the value of cruising is coming through in a good way. In this winter's booking season, we've been, I guess, reasonably fortunate with the weather patterns that have existed so far. Sometimes, it's hard to tell how much influence that has. But last winter, probably, wasn't beneficial to us in the weather respect and this year, probably more so. So there's an overall sense that it's a good time to be booking cruises, that the cruise industry and our company are bringing forward exciting and attractive products and services, both new ships and revitalization of older ships, and that the market's stability is in pretty good shape here. So there's a lot of reasons why the U.S. market would be in a relatively positive stance, and that's consistent with what we hear from the travel agents around the country.
Richard D. Fain: Harry, I think I would -- since there have been a number of questions on Europe, and quite rightly because we have highlighted that as an issue, macroeconomically, where we continue to see continued uncertainty there, issues with the banking system and the fiscal crisis that they've been undergoing. So it's a little hard to measure that. I think, overall, we feel that it has stabilized. It's gone -- Spain has been somewhat of an outlier because of the depths of the issues there. But we're not seeing the kind of improvement that we would like to see, but I think, overall, our forecast that we have presented to you here today are based on what we, and frankly most observers, are seeing in terms of the economic activity there. I think the fact that we have held up and continued to show the kinds of yield improvements that we're doing despite that economic situation is really a tribute to the brands and the strength of those brands. But it has been a long period of disappointing economic news in Europe, and that news hasn't ended yet and, obviously, we're hoping it continues to do so.
Richard D. Fain: Sure. Tim, I'll take the first part and Brian will take the second question. With respect to Celebrity, as you know, we've had significant management change there as Michael Bayley has taken over. And he has -- is actually responsible for a lot of the marketing increase that we're talking about here. And we are also at the end of Celebrity's large and rapid capital build-up with the 5 Solstice series ships. And so far, that really seems to resonate. We are looking for -- a lot of the improvement here is, in fact, coming out of the Celebrity brand, and the early indications are very good. Michael would say he's been in the job for 1.5 weeks, and so it's a little early to judge the performance, a little longer than 1.5 weeks. But the early indications are really quite promising, and that's part of what has enabled us to be projecting the kinds of yield improvements we have.
Richard D. Fain: I'm not going to make competitive comments on the call. I think we want to be -- in almost anything we're doing, we try and be the best at what we're doing. And we think that our technological investments, and they're big, will be -- will have a very good return on the investment.
Richard A. Carter: A couple of questions. Sorry to just keep laboring this point on Europe. You sort of confused me. But all right, saying, so, 50% of capacity is still to be booked. You're expecting flat yield in Europe. Is that sort of factored into your guidance? Is that correct? And would it be...
Richard A. Carter: And is that North Europe sort of flattish, just slightly up; Southern Europe, down; and West Europe, up. Is that sort of a fair assessment of...
Richard A. Carter: And Richard, just like to comment on something that was at the end of your question, which I think Adam addressed but I think it's worth emphasizing. Your question was kind of leading towards the extent to which these things would tend to reduce or increase our level of direct business and reduce that which goes to the distribution system. And while technology is evolving and people's use are evolving and in particular, as Adam pointed out, there's huge geographical differences. What we're really doing is trying to find better ways to communicate with our guests and with our travel agents. And the technological investments that we're talking about aren't so much focused on changing the current structure that we have today. The bulk of our business continues to come through travel agents. Travel agents are key to help people understand what cruising is all about. And particularly, as we look at growing the business, the need to do a better job of communicating with people is important, and the travel agent is particularly good at that. So I would not, in terms of your model, think in terms of this making a dramatic difference, these investments make a dramatic difference in the distribution cost in terms of commissions. What it will do is make us and the travel agents more efficient and we think provide a better way to communicate with our guests and our travel agents going forward.
