Jason Liberty: Well, thanks, Steve, and good morning, and good morning to everybody. I hope everybody is doing well. So first, I would say Steve, as we pointed with, out Trifecta, Trifecta was, as we described it as base camp. We think there’s a lot value to unlock here in the company as we -- as our people and our brands just continue to execute as we grow our business. And so as you pointed out, the current trends that we have been seeing, especially in the booking environment points to many of these metrics being able to be achieved earlier than we had anticipated them to be. And of course, we believe very much as we have in the past, that setting coordinates and pointing the organization to those core nits is very important to make sure that we execute on them and beyond. As we get closer to those metrics, we will certainly look to talk about what’s the next base camp or base camp two that will be pointing the organization to. But as you said, when we look at these the other trends, the booking environment on how we’re executing the preference for our brands and us, again, being able to further close the gap here to what we see as really the competitive set with land based vacation, the outlook looks really bright. And so I think we would say that it looks -- these trends would point to an earlier arrival at base camp, but we’re not in a position that it’s too early for us to say exactly what that timing is going to be.
Jason Liberty: Well, I think what -- so obviously, in our commentary about how us being booked, how we’re booked ahead on rate volume in our booking environment, especially -- and most of these bookings are relating to 2024. We feel really strong or really good about the demand environment, and that very much points to 2024. What I would say is it is very possible that we’re in a more -- more book position than we have been in the past. But I would just -- we’ve said this in the past, our goal is to optimize revenue. And so you could be plus or minus 5% on a book position standpoint as we kind of cross periods because we’re looking to optimize revenue, not just optimize how much you have on the books at a certain point in time. And I think our teams have demonstrated even as you see as we cross the here, your ability to utilize what we would say are state of the art tools to manage and optimize our revenue, not just on ticket, but also on onboard is what’s helping us lead to optimizing our yield profile.
Jason Liberty: Yes. And Robin, I just wanted to add into it because I do think it’s important to recognize, if you kind of string together the calls through the pandemic and all the actions that we took to position ourselves to really kind of outperform and to grow our margins. A lot of all that work really helped absorb the vast majority of -- a pretty significant inflation that we saw across a lot of the items that impact our product. And so we were able to really absorb that and still produce significant Net Promoter Score. So very, very thoughtful of not impacting the product or the experience, which could be easily done to help something in the short-term. But in the long-term, but it has really paid off for us as there is clear and very strong preference on a vacation standpoint to travel with the group and the great brands that are inside of it.
Jason Liberty: Brad, I think I would position in less about their recovery in terms of what their willingness is to spend because their willingness to spend was very competitive with the North American consumer. I think the difference is that they were delayed and kind of activating their vacation. And so they were as we talked a little bit about on the May call, we expected Europe to be a little bit lighter versus 2019 on in terms of load factor and it came roaring back. And that’s a story of one of the North American consumer just feeling that they needed to -- for certainly vacation in Europe, but also the European consumer kind of was very much part of that story. So I think it’s less about what they can afford to spend or what they are spending. I think it was more that they were they were delayed by call it, 45 to 60 days than what we typically would see in a normal booking window. And again, these are things that are on the margins because we are -- we were a substantially book, obviously, going into the summer for Europe.
Jason Liberty: One other just quick comment on the yield side of things and this just goes into the booking commentary. Clearly, there is incredible demand for our new ships and Icon will certainly break and has broken, I think probably every record in the book. But I think it’s important when we look at the data inside of our bookings that it’s not just the new hardware -- the like-for-like is also very strong and growing. And that commentary as I said is some of it is 2023, what we have left to book. So most of that commentary really relates to 2024.
Jason Liberty: Yes. And the elevation on the dry dock is just a reflection of ships that came out of COVID that had missed those windows. And so it will be a little bit more elevated in in 2024, but just a point.
Jason Liberty: Well, hey Vince good morning. I hope you’re doing well. As Naftali commented in his opening remarks, as we look at what kind of drove -- or one of the key drivers of the difference from the May guidance till today is really all price, right? So load factor for the back half of the year, we had expected to be normalized. And so I think what has been a surprise to us has just been our ability to continue to raise price and demand continuing to come in at higher levels, significantly higher levels than we have seen in previous periods. And so I think it just talks to, I think, one, just preference for our brands. I mean how well -- our commercial teams have been executing and also keeping our customers more and more in our ecosystem has been a huge tailwind for us. And I think that kind of just a broader combination of things when you add that to just the value gap to land based vacation is driving our ability to raise prices. And so as we said earlier, our APDs for the full year are up over double digits for the back half of the year, they’re going to be in the low to mid-teens in terms of rate increase relative to 2019. That is significantly better than we had anticipated when we gave guidance earlier this year. And it’s really a reflection of even as we take on the bookings and as we increase pricing, we’re not really seeing that point where price is impacting our demand. And then the other component of this is just onboard spend, which is obviously a combination of -- to a degree of price. But really, the main driver of that has been our ability to be much more effective to curate and take friction out of the process for our customers to book their activities on the ship. And of course, there’s a great commercial reasons of doing that. There’s also an incredible guest experience benefit of doing that as our ultimate goal here is to try to give a day back to our guests to come on our ships and instead of them having to spend a day booking their restaurants and booking their spa appointments and short surgeons [Ph], they’re able to do that ahead of time. And we are really in the early innings of that, especially curating -- there’s still a lot of friction points for us to resolve, but our teams have really just done an exceptional job of moving that forward, which can also see supporting an even more elevated customer deposit balance as we’re able to take on those onboard spend bookings.
Jason Liberty: Well, thanks, Matt. Well, first, I would say that I think the acceleration that we’re seeing is on a few points. One I think we’re getting more share of the wallet because we’re helping better kind of curate and take friction out of the experience. And you can see that in just the volumes of guests that are that are willing to book directly with us online -- because we’re able to curate the actual cruise booking, also all the things that we’re doing pre-cruise to get them to book ahead of time. And so a lot of it -- some of it is price but a lot of it is just the friction that we’ve taken out of it and the commercial tools we put in place to make it easier for them to book those experiences. And so I think that’s a big kind of part of the acceleration. The other part I think of the acceleration is that we have. We really do feel that we have the best brands, the best ships, the best destinations kind of in play here which we think is really excelling -- or accelerating the preference for the vacation experiences that we’re offering to our guests. So I think that’s also a very important thing. But really in everything that we’ve talked about today and what we said in our release in the storyline, there are no indicators of softness there’s really only indicators of acceleration in what we’re seeing as we continue to have the ability to raise pricing. And when we -- of course, when we put out our guidance, it’s really based off of what we’re seeing today in the booking environment. And of course, we’ve seen a continued set of acceleration from period to period. So I think just -- I think a lot of what you’re seeing is execution -- and I think a lot of what you’re seeing is long-term strategies coming into play versus just kind of necessarily riding the market -- and so I think that’s important. But I just want to emphasize at this point, whether it’s in the booking environment, on the ticket side, whether it’s on the onboard side, we don’t see any indicator of weakness.
Jason Liberty: Yes. But I would just add, there is nothing structural that I’d say puts that at risk. I think what we need to focus on, and we know this about our business model is moderate yield growth which I would not, again, call this year moderate, but moderate yield growth, good cost control leads to expanded margins as we grow our business. Every 1% change in our yield is $110 million plus and a 1% change in our cost is about $50 million. So to grow your yields faster than you grow your costs and you’re going to continue to expand your margins.
Naftali Holtz: Hi Robin, good morning. So yes, first of all, all the expected guidance that we’ve shared today is really the result of all the actions that we talked about and really our team’s exceptional job of managing expenses and expanding margin as our yield is growing. And obviously, in 2023, we were comparing to 2019, that was four years ago. So as we look into 2024, there is anything -- nothing that is extraordinary. There are a couple of things that are going to be a little bit structural, for example, we are opening HydoWay Beach. But generally, it should be a normal year.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. And Brandt, I’ll just add two more things. One is, obviously we have this year, we are not returning to normal load factors, but the first half of the year was a little bit lower. So that should also contribute to yield next year. On the other hand, we are now in the planning process obviously for 2024 and we’re considering all the talks that we need to do next year, and that could be more elevated than this year, which obviously will impact some of the cost a little bit on the yield.
Naftali Holtz: Matt, I’ll just add yes. Yes, I’ll just add also, obviously, we made great progress on closing the gap to land based vacation, but the value gap is still there, and we see this as a is a great opportunity to continue to grow yields? And then just taking market share from the global leisure market, right? And you can see some of that success with new to cruise, that’s really core to our strategy.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So as you know, Trifecta for us, as Jason said, was base camp. And if you kind of look at the triple EBITDA per APCD, triple-digit EBITDA per APCD, which obviously is at least 100. It does have a margin expansion beyond 2019 but as we continue to grow that, we see a lot of opportunities on multiple levels right, growing yields, lower acquisition costs, just scaling the business as we grow and our ambitions are above 2019 levels, that’s for sure.
Naftali Holtz: Well thank you everyone for your participation and interest in the company. Michael will be available for any follow-ups. We wish you all a great day.
Michael Bayley: Good morning Robin, it’s Michael. And I happen to be very fortunate today because I’m calling you from beautiful Allure of the Seas sitting in our conference room. Using our StarLink technology to video conference with my colleagues and participate in the call. We’re on the President’s cruise. We have over 3,500 of our loyal guests along with 2,500 other guests on this great voyage. So I’m actually sitting here in my swimwear, but you can’t see that. But I have to tell you that only to say that it’s just an amazing thing to be back with our loyal guests on the product and the brand, and it’s quite amazing when you kind of immerse yourself with the customer, the kind of incredible feedback they give you in the loyalty so many of our guests have Royal Caribbean. It’s really -- it’s a beautiful thing. On China, yes, we’ve open for sale. We had a kind of a thoughtful process as it relates to bringing back our employees over time. So as we move through 2023, we obviously take on more SG&A expense, and we have accommodated that in the forecast obviously, and we also mitigated some of that expense. And then as we look into 2024, it will be a full year of typical operations for a one-ship operation with a lot of shared services provided by our Singapore office. I can tell you that the -- it’s early days yet, but the signals look pretty positive. We feel good about what we’re seeing in terms of bookings. And we feel pretty comfortable with operations and how we scale back our teams to sell and market and operate our China operation.
Michael Bayley: Hi Brandt, this is Michael. We don’t see China as being dilutive. We feel very positive about China. And we certainly see Utopia as a big, strong game changer. And what we’ve seen so far from our bookings, both volume and rate are incredibly encouraging. And we’ve been very thoughtful. As Jason mentioned earlier about the strategy of putting really outstanding hardware combined with excellent destination into the short product market because it truly is the on-ramp for new to cruise and also first to brand. So or indications as it relates to new product lineup coming online in ‘24 and exceptionally positive. And I’d also like to add that Icon and Utopia and, in fact, wonder when you look at this gap between land-based resorts and land-based experiences versus some of our top products, particularly these products we’re talking about, there really is no gap. The gap has been narrowed quite significantly, and we feel very positive about where we’re going to go on that journey. So as we think about 2024, as we look at these products, as we see what’s occurring in terms of the booking activity both from a volume and rate perspective, the excitement we see for these products, we feel very positive about their impact in 2024.
Michael Bayley: Well, Vince, thank you for the question. I mean 1 of the reasons we call -- Perfect Day. Perfect Day, is it it really is perfect. And it is driving a lot of the demand and people are booking the ships and the itineraries that sell to Perfect Day. It really is delivering an exceptional customer experience and people value that immensely. And we see the repeat rates going back to -- Perfect Day accelerating. As we look at the volume of guest, we’ve got a Perfect Day in 2023, 2024, 2025. Obviously, we’ve planned to open Hideaway Beach at the end of this year in time for Icon and Utopia that’s going to increase our ability to add more gas to Perfect Day by about 3,000 people, and that will come online literally in December of this year. So that allows us then to continue to increase our capacity into Perfect Day. We’ve also got the Royal Beach Club in Nassau, which is moving through its various approval processes, environmental and governmental permits and what have you. That’s looking as if it’s promising and we’re planning on opening the Royal Beach Club in summer of 25%. So when you add that experience, the Royal Beach Club, along with Perfect Day, we feel like we genuinely have the ultimate big weekend. And that’s, of course, why we’ve got Utopia coming online and going straight into the short market. So it’s a great product. It’s combined with incredible assets, the ships that we’re sailing to Perfect Day. I don’t think Perfect Day without these ships would be the complete perfect vacation, but we really do feel like we’ve got it right. And we continue to focus on delivering excellent guest experiences. It’s somewhat of an obsession within the team. And of course, more recently, Celebrity announced that they’re also sailing to Perfect Day, so that’s great for the celebrity brand as well. So we see it as a great success, and we continue to refine it and to develop it, and we continue to plan to bring our guest to Perfect Day.
