Richard D. Fain: We heard the question. Maybe that was the problem, you asked about share buybacks. I don't know if that offended Jason.
Richard D. Fain: Felicia, you also asked us how that impacted on our objective of being investment-grade. And clearly, that's a part of our thought process. We continue to intend to be investment-grade, but we think we are well on the track to do so. We're already getting essentially investment-grade type pricing and type covenants. And so we think that any decision we made in terms of share buyback would keep that objective fairly in mind and would not be a really big factor in that progression.
Richard D. Fain: Yes, and then I think we did give a little color. Jason commented that we expected the increase to be better than the 2% to 3% that we have been looking forward to this year. And I think it's very encouraging to see a really very different tone in the market. And I think that's part of what we've been seeing, that's part of what you all have been seeing on your calls out to travel agents and others. The tone for 2015 is just very different. On the other hand, as you well know, we are -- we tend not to have big swings in terms of yield improvement. So that tends to ameliorate downswings when we have a bad year and it tends to put a governor on big upswings. But overall, the tone of the market is simply very encouraging for us. And that's why we went to the fairly unusual length of reaffirming -- or not reaffirming but confirming that we were comfortable with the Street's estimates for '15 and we don't usually do that this early.
Richard D. Fain: And then, Tim, talking about your other questions, Europe was a particularly good year this year, but part of that was compared to the prior year. Next year, we have relatively modest capacity increases in, sort of, the 5-odd percent range; which is I think -- we think quite manageable, and as I mentioned, the tone of the market is very good. We also have Anthem of the Seas starting up; which -- it's not only the Chinese who are excited about Anthem, it's also the U.S. market and the European market. It's really doing very well. Allure of the Seas is going over there next year for the summer, and that should be a positive move. And so -- and then if you look at -- your other question was, sort of, how that all interrelates into the Caribbean, Caribbean capacity, once we get past the first quarter is also doing fairly well. We actually have a decline in capacity next year as opposed to the 13% spike in capacity this year. So overall, I think all of those things are coming together to produce this very nice tone as we're looking into 2015.
Richard D. Fain: And, Tim, in relation to your question about TUI Cruises, TUI Cruises has been a very solid performer. I dearly wish it were included in our yield stats, because it would make them look very good. TUI Cruises has done an exceptional job of positioning itself in a very good way in a very good market. And the addition of these new vessels is really quite a powerful driver. The ships themselves are exceptional as the first ship's proven to be. And the fuel consumption is a fraction of what it was with the older ships. So that continues to be -- the new ships will continue to be powerful drivers, albeit below the line.
Richard D. Fain: We're not seeing anything like the situation we had with SARS. I think the impact, so far, has been very small, and in fact, if anything, the press seems to have changed, so there's much more discussion of why we overreacted rather than the actual overreaction. So no, we're not seeing anything -- so far, we're not seeing anything like the situation with SARS. I gave that parallel because I think we've had a lot of questions as to how should one look at these things and if there had been an issue. But at this point, we're not seeing anything like that. The impact has been quite small.
Richard D. Fain: Harry, I think also -- sorry, it's Richard. If you could also -- your comment was more addressed, sort of, in a macro sense. And part of what we're seeing is the strength of our brands. And I think people always underestimate the importance of brand and the brand strength, how that gets communicated to the consumer, both directly and through the travel agents. And we have done a lot that has strengthened the role of our brands. I think that is being seen, as I say, both by the public individually but also the travel agents who continue to be an important driver. And so that also helps us do perhaps a little better than might be seen, purely looked at it from a macro point of view. And that's why we've put a lot of focus on developing our brands.
Richard D. Fain: And Robin, to answer your second question, as you pointed out, we haven't said a lot about that. Ctrip did make some comments. But our practice has been not to really talk about things unless they are firm. And while we did enter into a letter of intent with them and are pursuing those conversations, we really feel that these are the sorts of things any prudent businessperson looks at. But until they're final, they're not final, and we don't speculate on where that might lead.
Richard D. Fain: We've -- all of that has been in our figures, we've been working on the AEP for a long time. And it's in all of our projections. We've been doing some of that. We have -- the first working scrubber came out 6 months ago. We had the first working scrubber on a new building 6 months ago. Quantum of the Seas has -- I'm sorry, AEP. Quantum of the Seas has and will next week, when she comes out, will have a good, working AEP system. We think we also have the only working prototype on an existing ship that I'm aware of. And that's been operating for quite a while for us. So we think we understand the cost. We've incorporated them in our guidance, and we're just moving forward. It is, of course, a new technology and new technology can bring surprises. But so far, we are moving along the trajectory that we set forth a while ago.
Richard D. Fain: Well, I think it's pretty dramatic for us to be in a position where despite a quite considerable amount of -- 2 new ships coming on next year, in our core markets, U.S. and Europe, we actually have fewer beds to sell. And I think that's a testament to the strength of the market. We've also indicated that they are on the books at higher pricing. And one of the comments that we made, and I think everybody is aware of, is that it is a significant de-motivator and source of quite a bit of upset when somebody books the cruise early and then the price goes down as we approach the end. So clearly, we feel that we're in a position to hold the price and not to give the kind of last-minute discounts that were more a feature, particularly this year in the Caribbean. And we think we're in a position to do that, and that's our plan going forward. And I think that's part of the reason why we feel so confident in what we said, the specific guidance we have given for 2015. I think it is also more generally a positive indicator for the achievement of our Double-Double Program.
Richard D. Fain: I don't -- I think it is a realization that our objective is always to maximize our total revenue -- total net revenue. And it's our view is to the best way to accomplish that. So it is a bit of a change, and it's a change that's enabled by the better markets. So I'm not sure which comes first, but it does reflect a change, and in my mind, not a trivial one.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes. So obviously, as we progress through the Double-Double period, we generated a lot of free cash flow. And while it is obviously a Board of Directors' decision in terms of how we deploy that capital, we do think share buyback is a feasible way, as well as through the traditional dividend distribution process that we've done in the past.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes, we were just calling it out. So this has always kind of been anticipated in our guidance. And so we were pointing it out as it relates to the fourth quarter because those few days that would typically be sitting in Q1 will be sitting in Q4. And we just thought it was important to point it out. But overall, this is really an immaterial change to our key statistics for the year.
Jason T. Liberty: The latter part of that was probably good to hear, that you would understand. It is very early in the cycle. But overall, we are -- and it's generally and it's across all products -- seeing good demand, so strong volumes, good pricing. I also, in my opening remarks, talked a little bit about for the Caribbean, that were really -- Q2 and beyond -- seeing that promotional activity that we've seen over the past several quarters dissipate as well.
Jason T. Liberty: So we're always looking at trends and -- as it relates to both fuel and currency. And as we've talked about it in the past, we typically see, especially over the medium and long term, a kind of inverse relationship between currency and fuel. And so we're kind of maintaining that kind of 40% to 60% range on the fuel hedging, but it tends to kind of bode well over time relative to currency trends. But it is something that we are consistently watching.
Jason T. Liberty: It's definitely something in the consideration. But again, in that conversation, there is also taking a look at what's happening in the different currency markets relative to the U.S. dollar.
Jason T. Liberty: Tim, it's Jason. Just to comment real quick on the booking window. We have -- we've been talking about this for some time: An ongoing expansion in each key market of the booking curve.
Jason T. Liberty: And Tim, just to add to your -- per your question, in terms of how to think about it. Obviously, this business performance improves every year. But I would look at as these ships are coming in on a pretty consistent basis, or about the same time, you can look at that year-over-year change as a way of thinking about the forward-looking years.
Jason T. Liberty: James, so I think looking at the Caribbean in itself, obviously, in the first quarter, there is some additional capacity there, for the industry and for us. There's also additional capacity with Quantum out of the Northeast. So that has some level of stress in the first quarter. But then as us and our competitors are taking capacity out, we are seeing the need for promotional activities to really be modified in terms of us having to do anything tactically. What we're not seeing is, as the capacity is going into other markets like Europe and Asia, a need for that environment to act in any way like the Caribbean environment did this past year. So we're not seeing a need to be promotional or do any unusual tactics in order to stimulate demand.
Jason T. Liberty: Hi Harry. It's Jason. Similarly, last year, we saw very strong demands pattern coming from North America as well as from Europe. And those are very similar demand patterns, actually, probably slightly elevated demand patterns that we're seeing from the North American consumer for European itineraries as well as for European -- selling European itineraries. It's obviously still very early in the cycle, especially for the European consumer. But those trends are continuing to bode well.
Jason T. Liberty: Hi Harry. About 1/3 -- well, 2/3 of the guests for European sailings come from Europe, with the balance coming mainly from North America.
Jason T. Liberty: Robin, just taking on Q4. The proration was always in our guidance, or even in the implied guidance previously. So our business is actually slightly better in Q4 than we had anticipated. Some of that comes from cost, but some of that's also top line, and some is also below the line. But in general, it's slightly better. Unfortunately, currency has been a headwind for us, with mainly the strengthening of the pound, the Australian dollar and the Canadian dollar during that period which is more exposed to those currencies.
Jason T. Liberty: Hi Assia. Yes, so in terms of the cost side, the things that are shifting, it's really a sundry of different things. It's not one specific thing within the quarter. But some of that is -- it's mainly timing things around the things that we're doing on the ships.
Jason T. Liberty: Hi Assia. In terms of our schedules, our capacity numbers, our CapEx numbers, all -- forward-looking, all contemplate the implementation of the Advanced Emissions Purification systems; which we call them scrubbers.
Jason T. Liberty: We're not going to be specific on our exact book position. Typically, we have said in the past that we cross the year at about 50% booked, and that's traditionally pretty linear. So you can try to work in the math from there.
Jason T. Liberty: First, I mean, just to point out, we really pointed to that we were comfortable with that number. So you can imply different -- people can have different scenarios in terms of what the key statistics will look like. There are always headwinds in which we're facing, investments in new opportunities, there's inflationary costs and so forth. And then there are also opportunities; which we try to balance in that conversation as it relates to scale and as it relates to just general continuous improvement activities; which is why we still maintain very committed to our cost-conscious culture. But there aren't -- there isn't anything in particular that is a serious headwind. But as Richard commented in his remarks, we are looking -- there is possible spend on things that we would see a quick turnaround in terms of bottom line performance on that we're always considering.
Jason T. Liberty: I won't comment specifically, Jamie. But what we have said, for ships that are post 2006, that those ships were delivering yields that were 25% higher than ships from previous periods. I do think it's -- you kind of using that as a default is a prudent way of looking at the contribution for Quantum and Anthem. Obviously, ships post 2006 have Oasis and Solstice and Freedom class and so forth in there. And obviously, with Quantum coming out and our commentary about their booking similarly to Oasis and Allure can, kind of, help you index to where that probably settles out.
Jason T. Liberty: Thank you for your assistance, Brandy, with the call today, and we thank all of you for your participation and interest in the company. Laura will be available for any follow-ups you may have, and we all wish you a great day.
Adam M. Goldstein: Tim, it's Adam. We didn't make any specific projection about yields for next year in China. We obviously have a significant capacity increase, which is reflecting the optimism that we have about the continued development of the market and the position of Royal Caribbean International in it and specifically, the arrival of Quantum of the Seas right around midyear to China, which is clearly one of the more dramatic strategic steps that we have taken, really, over the course of our history. And having just been there last week at their big conference, it's clear that the arrival of a state-of-the-art cruise ship is being incredibly well received in the marketplace. The Chinese feel like they should have access -- immediate local access to the best cruise ships in the world, and now they're going to have that. So there's a lot of excitement, but it's early. China is a historically late booking market. There's a lot of group business that needs to be accomplished and so forth, so it will be until later quarters before we can comment on yield performance specifically.
Adam M. Goldstein: Sharon, it's Adam. So as we've said many times, and probably will continue to say for a while, as excited as we are about the strategic opportunity, this entire market situation is very much still in its infancy. And one of our biggest responsibility as an industry leader is to develop the kind of distribution fidelity in China that we have earned over the years in North America and in Europe. It is there to a degree. It's particularly concentrated today in the large coastal population centers in and around Shanghai and in and around Beijing and Tianjin. It clearly has the opportunity to go over more of the country as time goes on. I suspect we're going to see new forms of distribution emerging in China; not only different from what there is today, where some of the traditional distributors from earlier times remain relatively visible in the distribution equation, to possibly, forms of distribution that we haven't seen anywhere, because China is just such a novel and different proposition. But what's interesting is that as travel agents are learning more about our products and services and beginning to experience them for themselves. They are apparently forming the same type of enthusiasm to explain them to prospective customers as we've seen in other markets. So the second part of your question about the experience on board, the Chinese clearly love the product. We get very strong ratings from a satisfaction standpoint. Interestingly, for the Royal Caribbean International brand, which anyway has sort of been focusing in recent years on multigenerational family travel, and I would say excelling at that, that's a very relevant proposition to the Chinese consumer, with the single child policy and a lot of vacations taking place in the form of grandparents, parents, and child and all generations of the family enjoying themselves on our ships. We are trying to introduce them to Western experiences, at the same time as tweaking culinary and entertainment and activities to make sure they can, sort of, go in and out of their Chinese comfort zone into Western experiences as they see fit. It's hard to generalize about a whole nationality, but clearly, the Chinese customers enjoy being where the action is on board, in terms of activities and culinary and -- or maybe not as much in the outdoor areas as they are -- as we see in other markets. But overall, they love their cruises just like pretty much everybody else in the world.
Adam M. Goldstein: There are differences from line to line compared to other nationalities; which we prefer to keep that differentiation to ourselves. But overall, it's a very positive on-board revenue environment compared to our norm.
