Jason Liberty: Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today for our business update and Third Quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International, and Michael McCarthy, our Vice President on Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides which have been posted on our investor website, www investor.com. Before we get started, I'd like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Please note that we do not undertake to update the information in our filings as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures which are adjusted as defined and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP historical items can be found on our website. Richard will begin the call by providing a strategic overview and update on the business. I will follow up with a recap of our third quarter results. I will then provide an update on our latest actions and on the current booking environment. We will then open up the call for your questions. Richard.
Jason Liberty: Hey Steve, how are you doing? I'll just start off and talk a little bit about our load factors bill for next year. One we didn't point specifically to the Third Quarter, I think we pointed specifically to the summer. We all come preparing our business to be -- to maximize our revenues and profitability in this, and obviously a very lucrative peak summer season. Our load factors ramp up is somewhere about 5 to 7 load factor points. per month. Again, we're doing this in a measured way. I'll have Michael on a second here to talk about the CSO, but that's not governing our load factor build. It's more of us just thoughtfully ramping up our business based off of those 3 tenants of health and safety, guest experience, and doing things on a financially prudent way. But with that, I'll pass it over to Michael to talk a little bit about the things on the CSO side.
Jason Liberty: Well sure, Steve. And of course, we're still very much going through our planning process for next year. Our commentary around pricing and how we're seeing the business build back up are certainly -- or what's supporting our current expectations around profitability for 2022 as well as the timing of cash flow. We have done a lot in the course and that consideration as we do expect there to be some additional costs that relate to inflation. We've hedged, I think 53% of our fuel for next year. And I think one of the things are -- that will toggle here is as Michael was referring to a healthy return to service protocols, there will be a series of transitory costs. A lot of those transitory costs we've absorbed this year as Michael talked about and the ramping up of our fleet. But there will still be more ramp up that happens next year and depending on how some of these protocols, which are very much kind of self-induced here around testing. As that -- based off of that could impact our cost profile. But even kind of considering all of that, that's why I think we feel at this point you're comfortable talking about pointing the business towards profitability in 2022. As we -- as our plans start to firm up and I think as we get into next year, you will consider giving some more thought in terms of how 2022 is going to look through the course of the year.
Jason Liberty: Well, first I'll just answer your tactical question, James. In the Third Quarter, we had about 237 -- well, exactly 237.6 thousand metric tons that we burned, the average price there was $497 to your point. We have -- well, as Richard mentioned his remarks, we have taken on new capacity. We will be taking on additional new capacity into next year. We have gotten rid of order tonnage. And so we do expect that our fleet will become more and more fuel efficient. Also, as we focus on our path here to net neutrality on the carbon side that will continue to help us focus on burning less fuel also here in the future. But in saying all of that, the mix of that is that our fuel consumption on a per berth basis should get lighter and lighter as time passes here and that's what we would expect. At this point it's too soon to guide on what our fuel consumption will be as our deployment for next year is still not fully out.
Jason Liberty: Yup. Certainly, things are -- it's very, very early days to be talking about 2023. But in terms of what we have really experienced, especially over the past, call it 45 days, and the acceleration we're seeing, and the demand environment, and people's willingness to pay ahead of 2019 levels, is really encouraging. And we're very excited about it and our marketing efforts are really just further bolstering that demand profile. What I would say about 2023, which again, it's very early, is that we're seeing very similar strong trends for 2023 and we're -- and we're booked in a place that's better than what -- where we would typically be booked this far out of a period for 2023. If you were standing in 2019, same time last year and you're looking at 2021. We're in a better position than we were back then.
Jason Liberty: You should just know, Jamie, he might bring up this thing called the world cruise, as part of his commentary.
Jason Liberty: So Jamie, in terms of -- and, this is how we've always kind of thought about things as we look further out, is we obviously have very good data in terms of how the guests are booking today or how they have booked and what the book of business looks like. We don't speculate a lot on how the economic environment is going to change. Of course, we have seen secular trends that very much support experience and vacations and a lot of pent-up demand that makes us very much believe and we've seen this in the bookings, and the acceleration of bookings, that that will continue to go on. So that's kind of how -- I don't have a forecast. There's probably people in different companies that have or I would say banks and consulting houses that have economic outlooks. But for us, what we tried to do is really firm up what we're seeing in the daily booking activity.
Jason Liberty: Yeah, sure. I'll start off here and just talk a little bit about drivers here on the demand environment for 2022. I think the first is one of my comments that I had made in my opening remarks was just really -- I mean, if you just look over the past 2 or 3 weeks, we're seeing bookings occur that are higher than what we did on a daily basis, higher than what we were seeing in 2019. I think that's a combination of us coming out of Delta in that pent-up demand. I also think it's a combination of our marketing efforts that have come into play here that are accelerating and getting into the minds of the consumer, especially our new to cruise consumer, that we've seen that acceleration. I'd also comment that we're seeing now very similar trends for all of our brands. If you remember in the early part of this year, we talked about strong trends, especially in the ultra luxury side. As we were coming out of this, we are now seeing strong trends across all of our brands, which helps us provide further confidence there. We've also seeing booking, especially over the past 30-40 days, really pick up for Q1 as well as Q4 of next year. There's always very strong demand for Q2 and Q3 with the summer. But seeing those shoulder seasons begin to rise, I think is also been very encouraging, and again, that's consistent with all of our brands.
Jason Liberty: So I think there's a few in play. One, I think we need to remember that about 80% of our capacity is expected to be up and sailing by the end of the year. As we move into Q1 which is where the majority of that or the rest of that 20% comes into play, similar to what we have been doing here from June on as we slowly bring in the ships to make sure that the crew and everyone is very used to the protocols that need to be executed on, making sure the guest experience is exceptional. And so we're certainly moderating load factor in ramping that up. And so that's going to weigh in on Q1 load factors and leave in a little bit of early Q2 load factors as there's a few more ships that come into play. That's probably the biggest driver of why in Q1, our load factor would be lower than what you would see Q2 going forward. Certainly, my guess is there's probably 15% to 20% of our capacity in which there is, I would say more than moderate itinerary changes and that -- because I mean, most of our itineraries there might be a port here or port there that has -- that has changed out of this, but it's -- that's not really the driver of it. Maintaining price integrity, slowly ramping up our fleet -- or ramping up our fleet, or the ships that come on in a manageable way is really what's driving the difference here on the load factor in Q1.
Jason Liberty: It's a good question, Robin, obviously we've seen significant rise here on the onboard side, and I think first I want to make a point that Michael had made, a lot of this is pre -cruise driven and that has really been something that has amplified our onboard spend. But our ticket rates are better than what they would be seen in a 2019 period. It's just that, we called out here specifically around the onboard side, so similar commentary to what we've been saying about the booking environment on a rate and load factor basis is very much applied to what we saw here in the third quarter.
Jason Liberty: Sure. What I would say, Brandt, is that we certainly expect, and in our consideration, at least in terms of what we know today, that inflation will have an impact on our business, and that is in our consideration in the course. We will have, as you said, these transitory costs. On the other side of it, we've talked about this in the past. We have taken significant action on reshaping our costs here over the past several years. And so we do think a lot of this inflation is temporary. We certainly think the transitory costs around healthy return to service and getting our ships up is temporary. And as those things evaporate, we believe a lot of our efforts, which are absorbing a lot of these costs additions into 2022, We'll then -- we'll free and show here in our margins as our business returns to historical load factors.
Jason Liberty: And I think just to stress, obviously, we -- for the most part know what our deployment is going to be here in 2022. We're seeing live every minute of every day, the booking activity that is coming in in the sourcing, etc. and so in our consideration and modeling here for the 2022 period of time that sourcing mix that -- is very much married to the deployment is a -- has been very thoughtful in how we think about next year.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. I mean it's tough to put it out in a specific way at this point in time. But when we think about next year, a lot of our deployment is married here to the Caribbean and Alaska and other parts of North America and so we will be weighted more towards the U.S. and Canada than we did in a pre -COVID period of time on the same side, a lot of our deployment that's going to be in the Mediterranean, and Northern Europe, and so forth will just be sourced more out of Europe in terms of our expectations and also in terms of overseeing in our bookings versus North Americans flying over to Europe. Now and saying all of that, there is still plenty of people from Europe coming to the Caribbean and people from the U.S. going to Europe next year. But we are somewhat just moderating those expectations in our forecasting.
Jason Liberty: Sure. Obviously it's evolving at this point in time, we don't anticipate there being any significant impact to our business.
Jason Liberty: Certainly, if you were to look at our book business, and I don't think this would be a surprise, we are -- and this, by the way, is how we are typically booked this far out, as we're weighted more towards our suites and our balconies. People, when they tend to plan their vacations further out, and you look at the booking window, it is typically weighted more that way. And so between now and time of sailing is when you begin to see your inside cabins and so forth, start to move in. But when we look at the pricing of it, it's again relative to 2019. It's coming in, as everyone expect it to and at rates that are very similar to those records of 2019. but certainly it's weighted heavier at this point towards those balconies, as well as those suites. Now in saying all of that, our inventory of our ships is getting richer and richer until we have more and more of that inventory coming into play, which again, just further supports or bolsters our yield profile and growth here in the future.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. But that's exactly right as it relates to the new builds. I mean we have committed financing on all ships that we have under construction. We're still going through our planning process. But obviously we're very mindful of our capital structure and our efforts here to get back to pre - COVID levels and our pre - COVID balance sheet. And so as the business here ramps up and firms up for 2022, that will begin to form our expectations here on capital we plan to invest and also focusing on how do we get the balance sheet back to pre - COVID levels.
Jason Liberty: Well, if you looked at just propensity to cruise from the early days of the pandemic to today, we obviously in the early days in new to cruise have basically turned itself off for the most part. And today, what we see is that they have certainly returned. I think our marketing efforts have really helped that in just reminding those customers about the incredible experiences you can have on our leading fleet as well as amazing places like Perfect Day at CocoCay. I think those things in combination and of course, you're just thawing out here over the pandemic has led to that new to cruise customer coming back and certainly accelerating. We're really happy to see that you've now taking place. And again, all the surveying that we're doing really shows that they are quite open to coming back. And that's being supported by their booking activity.
Jason Liberty: It's about 5% points -- it's about 5% points higher on a capacity standpoint versus number of ships.
Jason Liberty: You got it. Okay. Thank you for your assistance today, Shelby, with the call. We thank all of you for your participation and continued interest in the Company. Michael will be available all day for any follow-ups you might have. And that's Michael McCarthy, by the way.
Jason Liberty: Okay. You've given out your cellphone number. Okay. I wish you all a great day and everybody be safe. Take care.
Michael Mc Carthy: Thanks, Jason. Hello, Steve, I think with the CSO, we've been through quite a journey with the collaboration and the work with the CDC and I think if you think what we've been through, in terms of determining the protocols and then executing them, I think it's fair to say that the industry and the CDC and the intergovernmental agency representatives who have been part of this return to service team feel like we've been very successful in implementing these protocols and they're proving, as we commented earlier, to be very successful. While the CSO comes to a technical end on January the 15th, we will continue our ongoing collaboration with the CDC in terms of the protocols that will voluntarily operate after the CSO expires. And I think what's happened over this past several months is that we've really got a focused, collaborative effort and we found the relationship with the CDC has been very constructive. They certainly -- and we want to make sure that we're operating safely and they're also well aware that some of the protocols that we have in place will naturally fall away as the pandemic moves further and further in the rear-view mirror. I think as we move into 22, hopefully what we'll see is the protocols become easier and less cumbersome for our customers. Having said that, and jumping on Jason's comments about load factor. While we've been extremely prudent and thoughtful about bringing back our fleet and managing the load factors, it's worth pointing out and I'll use Royal Caribbean International as a proxy for the Company. We've brought back significantly more capacity ships, beds, and berths than any of our competitors by a significant amount. And what that means is that operationally and logistically, we've already climbed over that mountain and we've now got a large number of our assets available for booking. And more importantly, we've now gone through and absorbed all of those expenses, we've vaccinated all of our crew, we've managed to get all of our crew to these ships and we're operating them. One of the things that we were very cognizant of is the need to be very consistent with the distribution and the customer because as Richard pointed out, we'd had so many cancellations of ships over the past year and a half. And now we have this stability. So as we look into 2022, we feel pretty optimistic about what we've achieved with CDC and the CSO. And I think we're feeling very optimistic about the fact that we've got so many of our ships already up and operating. And while we've talked about the load factors, it's worth pointing out that it's a story that's, for the purposes of this conversation, is averaged out. Last weekend, Freedom of the Seas sailed from Miami with an occupancy of 85%. And that's one of the products that's particularly attractive to new to cruise. And it's one of the products that we've been very focused on and making sure that we are learning and understanding exactly how our protocols going to adapt to more capacity. We feel pretty good about what's happening. Thank you Steve.
Michael Mc Carthy: I have to jump in Jamie, and I know Jason and Richard are probably fed up with me saying these things, but we launched the world cruise of world cruises with Royal Caribbean International, literally about 10 days ago. And we only made it available to our 16 million loyalty members. Within 7 days, we were 70% booked. And the average price of a balcony room is $75,000 for the balcony. The Royal Suite, sold within a week at $760,000 and all of these suites have booked with non-refundable deposits, so even we were taken a back by the Unbelievable response of our loyalty customers. The fact that within a week we were 70% booked on a ship that carries around 2,100 guests and is on a nine month world cruise was just remarkable and I think that's indicative of what we're seeing.
Michael Mc Carthy: And Jamie on the private destinations, I mean, one of the things that we're already seeing is Perfect Day is leading the charge in terms of demand and premium for those ships that are operating out of South Florida already and in fact, out of New York. We do -- we did press pause during the pandemic on these projects, but we've started to reengage. And quite literally last week, there was a conference done in Panama with many of the Caribbean countries and it was quite interesting to see the level of activity that we experienced in terms of re-engaging and talking about destination developments throughout the Caribbean South Central region. We did obviously have a plan in place, pre -pandemic, we pressed pause, we're now re-engaging on all of those plans. In the immediate future, we have an expansion taking place in perfect day with the addition of Hideaway Beach, which is a new experience that will open in late 2022 for Perfect Day. The beauty of Hideaway Beach is that it is a adult only area as part of Perfect Day. It will allow us to increase our capacity by approximately 3,000 people a day in late 2022, which is obviously going to help improve our overall profitability and drive more revenue both ticket and onboard, so that's coming. And then we're close to finalizing the design, and construction plans, and the approvals for beach club in Nassau, which we're hoping to start work on that very soon. And we have other projects that we've now started to re-engage with. I think our aspirations never really moved away, we just have to press pause for a while. Also, of course, we've got our Galveston Terminal that's opening in 2022 and that will accommodate our Oasis-class ships and then future icon and of course that gives us remarkable access into the Texas, Oklahoma, and that whole region as a market for driving -- driving too. We're continuing our journey. But certainly, Perfect Day is leading the charge on current bookings.
Michael Mc Carthy: Steven, just to add to Jason's comments, the other thing that we've seen which we commented on was the onboard revenue environment, which is truly impressive. A couple of things that are happening there, we know that there's just more consumer spend occurring and it seems to be really happening on our ships. We've also really increased the volume of special groups such as gaming groups that are coming on our ships. And that's proving to be very profitable. And the other thing is that we continue the investment in Hybris, which is new software which really allows us to have far more capability in our pre -cruise revenue marketing. And that is really beginning to shine through for us. So as we look into 2022, for example, just in Q1 2022, pre -cruise revenue bookings are already way ahead of 2019, that even though there's less volume on gas, so there's a lot of positive things that are coming through to help us.
Michael Mc Carthy: And Fred, just to add to Jason and Richard's comments, I think it's also reasonable to say that day-by-day, week-by-week, the news that we see and receive from the deals with all of these different issues continues to get brighter and better. When you think back through the pandemic, there was a period that every single e-mail or conversation, or piece of news from the government was negative. Now, everything is turning very positive. For example, the presidential proclamation a few days ago, which basically opened up the travel between the U.S. and European countries and what have you -- we continue to see across all of the different itineraries in destinations that 's a leveling out of protocols and reasonableness. And you can feel that now coming through in the bookings. Considering we're just entering into November, I think that this news will continue over the next month or 2, which is going to be critical as we get into wave.
Richard Fain: I would just add one of the things that was interesting to me is that as the Delta variant came on, it really hit our bookings for 2021 and 2022, but it didn't seem to have any impact on our bookings in 2023. I think what people have been doing is saying, I have this pent-up demand, I want to get out there. But I don't want to do it soon, I want to make sure where things have stabilized. I really do think it's quite dramatic that we saw essentially no impact from the Delta variance on 2023 bookings whereas it impacted 2022 and 2021 quite heavily.
Richard Fain: I never get tire of hearing that Michael. In fact, maybe you could tell us just how booked are we on that cruise so far.
Richard Fain: Robin, I think I might just add a little more color to your question on which ships are different in which were on -- where people didn't have time to do their advanced bookings, etc. There's obviously an effect by vessel, if you will. But I think there's an overall effect of the uncertainty that all 3 of us have talked about. There's just been cruises, there have been cancellations, there were itineraries that are changed, etc. And I think people want to look forward to a period of stability. And that's really been our focus and that's a little hard to measure that by itinerary or vessel by vessel. But I think overall it's a factor. And that's why we've been so anxious to get everything up and running and without changes.
Richard Fain: Actually, that is a very important point. There is simply no question that's the restrictions on international travel, both the absolute restrictions and the psychological restrictions have made people be much more regional than normal. And for us, with our global brand strategy, that's not what we were hoping to see, but it is a fact of life and I think we expected to be an impact. Remember, part of our strategy was we could take Americans on the European cruise and Europeans on an American cruise. And both the formal restrictions, the government restrictions, but also people's uneasiness in longer-term -- longer distance travel, we think is a factor and we've incorporated what we think that will get our forward projections. But that is no question, that's an important point that we try to touch on in our comments.
