Adam M. Goldstein: It's Adam. Effectively, what we've done is taken the advertising that we didn't do as scheduled in the second and third weeks of the WAVE and redistribute it along with the other planned advertising across about a 5-week period that began this week. So we would traditionally do, and we had planned this year to do the most volume of advertising in the first quarter because of the WAVE. And we will expend the anticipated amount of funds in the first quarter that we had originally planned to do, just distributed differently by week. So our historical experience, I guess you could say, under more normal circumstances is that, that level of marketing has clearly inspired WAVE bookings. And we are certainly hopeful that the recovery process on a week-by-week basis will allow us to create the -- recreate the momentum that we had before.
Adam M. Goldstein: Kevin, it's Adam. Well, we've mentioned the major ones actually, I think, along the way. But certainly, the move of Voyager of the Seas to China and also Australia because of -- they have seasonal deployments in the 2 regions, which was on top of, already, a growth that we have as several brands, particularly Royal Caribbean and Celebrity in Australia, has moved more of our deployment portfolio to the other side of the world. And that's a bigger driver for us than anything that's going on this year in Europe, where actually we've reduced Eastern Mediterranean capacity, somewhat increased Northern European capacity. But Europe on the whole is not a meaningful change in our deployment, slightly down to be exact.
Adam M. Goldstein: Tim, it's Adam. Obviously, we are normally not making distinctions between brand performance on these calls. Under the circumstances, I will say that, as Brian mentioned and possibly Richard, too, in their original comment, one of the trends that has emerged over last few weeks is, relatively speaking, the reticence of potential first-time cruisers to come into the category. And as you know, one of the responsibilities of Royal Caribbean International for the company and for the industry is to attract first-timers into the category. So of our brands, we would naturally feel the most impact in the aftermath of a tragedy like this. And I'll turn it over to Dan for his comments.
Adam M. Goldstein: Tim, if I can come back for a minute to your question on shipboard revenue. I think I mentioned on the last call that our brands were engaged in a variety of activities and initiatives to boost on-board revenue going forward. And there's, of course, extremely little data that has occurred in 2012, but to the extent that we've seen it, it appears that these initiatives are beginning to bear fruit, and we have not seen any notable decline or even any decline in shipboard revenue in the last few weeks.
Adam M. Goldstein: Steve, well, one of the benefits of the sophistication of our revenue management approach is we have a whole arsenal of tools that we're using from time to time throughout the year for lots of purposes, not just in the aftermath of something very significant. And clearly, on-board credits is one of the main type of tools that we can engage when we need to be active promotionally. So we are looking across countries, products, varying cruise lengths, and we will try to apply the promotional techniques that make the most sense. If there is a market that has a higher percentage of air fee business, for example, then we can work around the flight in terms of promotional activity. If it's more of a cruise-only market, it might be on-board credits, as you mentioned. So we have a lot of opportunities and we're watching the trends emerge on a day-by-day basis, and then we'll start to apply whatever we need to apply to meet our expectations.
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Felicia, to answer your question: Yes, we are back fully in the market advertising. And I agree with what Adam said. I think that the advertising we're doing will definitely help stimulate demand, but I also think the fact that the incident is getting less coverage is also helping. In the research we did, we did see that people had not started to sway away from cruising in general but did see this as an isolated incident. So I think the improvement's a combination of things. Our marketing people would tell you it's the brilliance of their marketing, but I also think that it's, some of this is being driven by the incident starting to get into the past a little.
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Kevin, it's Dan. Good question. If we were at any other time of the year, we would be really excited about the demand that we have. But because we're in the WAVE, it's down a little bit. So we have held out on the pricing. We have made some tactical pricing decisions in the first quarter that we would've made regardless of what had happened as we worked to fill in holes in our inventory, but at this point, we're getting good demand. We're just not getting WAVE demand. And this week, as you've heard everybody say, we're starting to see improvement, and the pricing has stayed the same.
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Tim, my comments are similar to Adam's. We have a very strong Captain's Club program that we've shifted a lot of our marketing that direction and I think that's been helping us. And this is a little bit anecdotal, but I'll give you an interesting fact: We've worked hard on board our ships to sign up people for their next cruise. And in January, we saw no difference pre or post the incident. And in fact, January was a record month for us in terms of sign-ups. And I think it's important to note that Azamara is also doing well right now. We've seen good things there. And all our brands have strong loyalty programs, so I think that we have the ability to pull from a very loyal base and it's a big base.
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Steve, I think your point's a good one. We are trying to make sure that we can keep our prices up. We launched a program this week where we did half deposits. And so instead of the full deposits, we did half deposits, and we think we've gotten some pretty good traction off that. We did an air promotion in the U.K. this week and we think we've gotten some real good traction off of that. So we're going to use the whole toolkit here and the objective is to keep that price where it -- where we think it should be. Good question.
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Assia, it's Dan. That's a good crystal ball question, I think. We have seen some improvement that's encouraging this week. And each week has gotten better. I think Brian, when Brian mentioned earlier and I had mentioned in my opening comments that we've done close-in tactical pricing to fill what we need to fill so to make sure that we don't just totally miss revenue, we'll continue to do that. We've had a lot of discussion around that topic. I mean, how long do we wait? I had a staff meeting yesterday. It was the #1 topic. At this point, we're holding fast. I think we've done some very good things with our marketing and with the promotions that we have in place and we've seen some traction. So for the time being, we're going to hold our ground. How long that'll last will depend upon what kind of results we get over time.
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Well, I think, if you look at our guidance, that would be -- that gives you an indication of what the volatility is and how wide the spread is. But yes, we'd like to hold price, but if we have to take pricing action to fill ships, we'll definitely do it.
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Jamie, it's Dan. New cruisers are important to us as a group, so it's a good part of our business. Without -- because -- yes, it's 1/3 of our business. I'm being coached a little bit here. The survey, I want to point out, it's a point in time, so I want to be careful to not go overboard because what we did is we looked at country-by-country-by-country. And we saw different things in country. We saw that people that have cruised before, their interest has remained high. We saw that there was an increase, when we asked the question, "Are you more or less interested in going on a cruise?" we saw that there was an increase in less interested people that hadn't ever cruised before. They weren't -- they were cruise considerers. They weren't cruise rejectors, but they had an increase. And without getting into specifics on any individual market, it did increase for potential first-timers.
Richard D. Fain: Felicia, it's Richard, and your -- the second part of your question was interesting. I don't know that I've thought of it in precisely those terms before, but I think one of the things we've experienced in the past is when something causes an interruption in bookings, we never fully get those back. There's a onetime impact that I remember a number of years ago, when hurricane shut down our call centers, we really felt that the calls lost during that day were never fully recovered. So I think there'll be some of that, but I do think the idea that this could extend the WAVE season is a possibility as well.
Richard D. Fain: Yes, and you're right, we certainly have thought about it. I'm not sure that we have any great insight into the question. There's so much we don't know. And of course, we and everyone else will be looking at this closely. Take them separately. With respect to actual new safety requirements et cetera, that's something I'm very much looking forward to. And I think you always learn something. You're well aware that our mantra is continuous improvement. But on the other hand, actually, I think, as an industry and as a company, our procedures and processes and safety expenses are done well. And I don't know that we're aware of anything that is, that we're aware of at this point, which would likely lead us in the direction that there's big costs coming there. We think, actually, it's more likely that you will see tweaking because our, I think our systems are pretty good, but that's the kind of thing we really need to keep an open mind about. We don't know if there's other things to be learned. We'll certainly be looking for that. And a similar answer with respect to insurance, that's even involved in bigger part of what and [ph] I don't know how insurance companies work. Obviously, I think many people say a significant incident like this affects every -- the whole insurance industry and that'll affect everybody not only in our industry but in other industries as well. But I think in the scheme of things we're still known and the insurance companies will look at us as a safe industry, so while I think there clearly will be something which, and by the way, we haven't made, we haven't tried to estimate it, I haven't tried to include it here, while there clearly will be something that we will learn from this and that we can do, we're not aware of anything at this point which would be dramatic.
Richard D. Fain: Thanks, Robin. Obviously, something like this affects all of our thinking on almost any topic, especially in the immediate aftermath. And as you know, we won't specifically comment on what we're about to do. But I think I'm actually glad you asked it in retrospect. At first, I dreaded it, but I think I'm glad you asked it because I think it really helps emphasize a point, which is we just don't think this is going to have a long-lasting impact. It's obviously having a near-term impact and that's obviously painful, and it obviously has an emotional impact and that's painful too. But I think, as a practical matter, we think that people understand that cruising is safe and so we don't think in the long term this will have any huge impact on cruising. And so I think it is unlikely to play a significant factor in the decision about exercising the option. The -- that decision is a long-term decision, and I think the long-term outlook is not materially different.
Richard D. Fain: I think with respect to the first part of the question, we would have to say that this is just so unusual a situation that we really can't do much in terms of drawing comparisons. We think that the better job that we and our industry organizations and our travel agents do in communicating the facts about cruise ship safety will be an important element of reassuring the public. I -- our sense is, and we are already seeing it in the bookings, that, and as Dan pointed out, we saw it in some of the research that we've done, that the public really does get it. They really do understand that it is a safe and secure industry notwithstanding the very sensational headlines at the moment. But I think they separate the two. And even in a very safe environment, there's no, as we've said elsewhere, there's no such thing as perfect safety, just perfect dedication to safety. And I think our industry has that and will continue to emphasize that. So I think it's a question of how well we get that message out, and we're working to do that. I'm just not sure we can make comparisons to other industries. And with respect to the people and how this impacts next year, I think we will next year and in future periods, I think we -- I made the point earlier that some of this isn't so much convincing people. It's just, if people didn't take an action, they didn't book a cruise in this week, some of that just simply is never recovered, but it has no ongoing impact so I think there's sort of an automatic benefit next year. And we had an extraordinary loss of bookings for a few weeks in January, and just isolated on those bookings, that will give us a bump in the beginning of next year.
Richard D. Fain: And Jamie, if I could just emphasize one point that Brian made. I think we've actually gotten rather spoiled in our industry that we are able to predict our yields as accurately as we have. We really -- this is a situation that we don't feel that we have -- that our experience necessarily gives us as good an indication as we would like. And it really doesn't prepare us for this, so I actually would have said, if anything, I think you should take it that there is more risk than usual that we'll go outside the ranges rather than less risk. We're really very uncertain, looking forward. We hope we haven't conveyed more knowledge than we have. We've tried to be open, we've tried to -- I thought Brian summarized it very well by saying, "Here's all the pluses and here's all the minuses," but I don't think anybody yet knows how to balance those, and so we're trying to give the best information we can. But I think, in fairness to you, we need to say that the uncertainty is a big part of what we, that's ironic, that the uncertainty is a big part of what we know, and I would just emphasize that, looking forward.
Brian J. Rice: Sharon, I'll give you an example. There were several changes that we've made in what we call distribution. Prior to this year, in one of our Latin American countries, the distribution was actually through a charter arrangement. And though we're staying partners with that distributor now, we'll actually not be chartering the ship and we'll be bringing all the revenues and all the costs into our structure. That also had a little bit of an impact on our fuel line, as well. It was a series of those sort of structures. It is more weighted toward the first quarter. I don't have the exact breakout in front of me, but I'm guessing more in the fourth quarter, probably the least amount in the third quarter, some in the second and some in the fourth is where that would be weighted. In terms of some of the other more structural things where we talked about deployment initiatives, Richard referenced the fact that the Voyager of the Seas is going to China. We also have a pretty significant increase in capacity in Australia this year. And those are really developmental markets for us, which is driving some of the higher fuel consumption. The cost of doing business in these markets is more expensive but -- and we've tried to break out the quantification on the yield side as well. We do get a benefit there.
Brian J. Rice: Sharon, I don't think there's a single methodology that we overweighted on anything. We probably used everything you just mentioned and probably 20 other scenarios. I think our revenue management team, although we have only 3 weeks of data, we have a lot of experience with different elasticity scenarios and understanding when you have a certain amount of shortfall in demand, what sort of elasticity would be required to be able to make up for that. We did a lot of what-if scenarios going from slow recovery to more rapid recovery and tried to come up with -- as I mentioned in my opening comments, this is more of an art than a science. But I think we have the right folks giving us these projections. And we spent a lot of time over the last week or so -- one of the reasons for the call today was to try to get that extra knowledge. Again, we -- there is a lot of uncertainty but this is our best estimate from all the tea leaves we've been able to read.
Brian J. Rice: I think it's kind of a daily adjustment. I think it is important to recognize that, as needed, we are taking pricing action. Our initial read on this was that there was a contraction of the booking window. Clearly, for summer sailings, there's been less of an urgency to make the bookings. One of the reasons WAVE season is usually what it is, is you have a lot of people looking to escape the winter, you have people who are now looking at a new calendar and trying to plan their vacations for the year and getting ahead of their summer vacation planning. Plus, you have a lot of people who are already beginning to plan next holiday season. And the bookings that have held up the best are the further-out bookings, which is where we think we have evidence of the fact that this should be somewhat limited in its duration of impact. But we are, to some degree, betting on that more contracted window, but our revenue management team will be watching this depending on the particular market and product and brand that we're looking at and they are prepared to take the necessary actions in the near term to maximize the revenue within a given period.
Brian J. Rice: Yes. I -- the Baltic did exceptionally well last year and has been off to a very good start, going forward. I think in our projections we were probably looking roughly to get about half of the impact of the Arab Spring back in the Eastern Med. We do have, as Adam alluded to, I think the number is about 15%, 16% less capacity in the Eastern Med in '12 than we had in '11, and obviously, that's helping us. And the tensions are not quite as escalated as they were a year ago. So we -- I think our internal projections were to, at that time, to get about half of it back.
Brian J. Rice: Yes, Tim, I think we -- a $0.40 range for us on EPS is a very wide range. And I think it's safe. Again, we're not -- there is a lot more volatility here than we've seen in some time. And I think there are possibilities outside of both the yield range and the EPS range, but we try to give a range. I think it is unlikely that you would get the best of both worlds or the worst of both worlds. And so what we've tried to do is find a combination in which we felt we were in a reasonably comfortable range. We were focused more around the midpoints and the deviation from those midpoints when we're trying to give the EPS range.
Brian J. Rice: Steve, just quickly, I'll take the second part of the question. I think you're right. We, ordinarily, I think we would have looked for more of the summer to be driving some of the improvements given the recovery within the Mediterranean and what we were seeing in our advance bookings. I think we are looking at the biggest haircut, as a result of the incident, coming in Q2 and Q3, at this point in time. And I'll let Adam talk about the advertising.
Brian J. Rice: It's a very high percentage. Obviously, January is behind us at this point in time. I think most of the volatility at this point would be some of the March sailings. And then as, I believe, in Tim's question, it -- a lot would come down to the on-board revenue spending. But I think we're pretty comfortable within our range at this point in time. I think Dan wanted to follow up on Adam's comments, as well.
Brian J. Rice: Yes, Assia, it is. And we realize, if you take the high end of yields and the low end of cost and the low end of yield and the high end of cost, you're going to have a much greater spread. I think our range on costs are pretty tight that we've provided and is -- we've given you a lot of transparency as to what's driving that. This really is about the yields. But we've put forth our best effort here to try to give you a range that we think we can manage to, but again, there's still tremendous uncertainty out there.
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Jamie. I think you're right, the midpoint's around 200. I think the spread here is anywhere from a little impact to maybe as much as 300 or 400 basis points. Again, if we've conveyed a sense of confidence around the most, the last few days and extrapolating that to the fact that the damage is done and we're away from this, I want to be very clear: We believe there's still a tremendous amount of uncertainty here. We're giving you our best estimates based on 3 weeks of data. I think we are encouraged by the last several days, but I think, as Richard said, it's dangerous to extrapolate that. This is not a clear pattern at this point in time, but we've tried to be as transparent as possible. I think I want to be careful here, I think it's dangerous for us to be talking too much about our pricing strategy in a public forum. I think our revenue management team will be looking at this on an individual sailing basis, making judgment calls about how to best optimize our revenue on any given sailing and in total. Our strategies vary widely by brand and they vary by market. And based on the conditions, there will be occasions where we may sacrifice load factor for price and there will be other times where volume will be more important to us. And it is something that each brand has its own strategy. And we have a lot of product managers within the individual brands that -- they actually know their markets best, so it's not kind of a "one size fits all" revenue management practice.
Brian J. Rice: Okay. All right, thanks, Jamie. And thank you for everyone for joining us today. As usual, Ian will be available throughout the day for any follow-ups you may have. And again, thank you for joining us, and we wish everyone a great day.
