Michael W. Bayley: Thank you, Adam, and good morning, everyone. European deployment remains a key driver of our profitability, with extremely strong demand driving premium yield. Capacity-adjusted bookings have been outpacing last year by more than 25% for the past 3 months. And as a result, both APD and load factor are significantly higher than same time last year, with load factor at its highest since 2007. We are seeing strength across global source markets for our European itineraries. And as Jason noted, demand from North America has been particularly strong at increasing prices, and we already have more than 80% of our forecasted United States and Canadian revenue on the books. This is considerably more than same time last year. Our brands are leveraging our relaunched ChoiceAir program to offer North American guests simple, convenient and easy-to-purchase European cruise vacations. ChoiceAir provides the lowest airfare guarantee, assured arrival, your choice of flights and 24/7 support. The percentage of guests booked on European sailings who have purchased their air through us has doubled year-over-year. An added benefit of our ChoiceAir program is that it increases the retention of the booking. Both our Mediterranean and Northern European products are a higher booked position in prior year and are driving elevated PDUMs [ph], with Mediterranean sailings doing particularly well. The new Celebrity Cruises collection of 7-night round trip and open-door Mediterranean itineraries, which are combinable into 14-, 21- and 28-day sailings, continue to surpass our expectations. In addition, the mini-European season for Oasis of the Seas in 2014 is also performing very well. We're expecting a second-year of significant yield growth for the Europe product, with yields to be up double digits versus 2013. Alaska was a key product for us during the highly profitable summer months, where it accounts for around 10% of our revenue. The product continues to be a solid performer, and we anticipate -- anticipate it to be one of our highest-yielding products for Q2 and Q3. We expect Alaska yields to increase in the low to middle single-digit range and to be similar to yields in our record 2011 season. It is encouraging to see that both Europe and Alaska are shaping up very well for the all-important summer season. Shipboard revenue yields increased in the first quarter by 3.4% on a constant currency basis, marking 9 consecutive quarters of year-over-year onboard revenue yield growth. We continue to optimize each of our onboard revenue channels, driving margin improvement, and focus on the areas of most opportunity. Our Celebrity Cruises brand has formed a partnership with Canyon Ranch, one of the world's leading spa and wellness brands. And today, onboard 10 Celebrity Cruise ships, guests can now enjoy the Canyon Ranch SpaClub at Sea experience. We are differentiating our shore excursion program, offering a range of branded tours; for example, Azamara Club Cruises has added their Insider Access and Nights and Cool Places program, and Celebrity Cruises has launched Celebrity Exclusives and Celebrity Family Challenge. In February of 2014, we completed the first full revitalization of our Voyager-class ship for the Royal Caribbean International brand with Navigator of the Seas. Two more Voyager-class ships, Voyager of the Seas and Explorer of the Seas, will be completing -- completed in the upcoming 12 months. A key feature of the Voyager-class revitalization is adding additional capacity, which will drive improvements in both tickets and shipboard revenue. Additional revenue-generating features, which includes pervasive Wi-Fi, multiple new dining venues, upgrades to the casino, retail and photography areas. Jason, back to you.
Michael W. Bayley: Steven, this is Michael. I'll take the first question on Europe and the European consumer. It's difficult to pinpoint one particular item. I think it's a variety of benefits that we believe our brands have in the European market as it relates to the European source market. I mean, obviously, we've done a lot of work in making our products easier to sell. We have what we believe are phenomenal products, very innovative itineraries and significantly superior hardware. So when you combine all of those things together with a -- I think the fact that we are leveraging the European source market infrastructure that we've set up over the past several years, we're beginning to really see the benefit from that investment over time, and we've continued to do that. So, for example, in the U.K. and Irish market over the past 12 months, we've invested more, and we've created single-branded sales and marketing teams in that market, and we're seeing positive results from that investment. So I think it's really a combination of factors. And I think the underlying, probably, factor is the fact that the European market seems to be fairly strong, and we're seeing a bounce-back from the Southern European market as well.
Michael W. Bayley: Yes. I mean, we've actually, literally last week, finished the entire transition of Canyon Ranch onto the Celebrity fleet. We accomplished that in pretty much less than 4 weeks. And obviously, during that 4-week transitionary period, there was, inevitably, disruption. We managed to isolate, we think, the disruption quite well. So literally, the last day of the cruise and the turnaround day and the first day of the next cruise were disrupted. But I think we got ourselves through that pretty well. As it relates to revenue performance of Canyon Ranch versus the other operator, it's way too early to make a comment on that. We're literally one week post the transition of 10 spas. So I think we would probably be able to give you more color on that during the next call. But we're very optimistic. We are extremely pleased with the relationship. We believe we've got the perfect partner for our target market, and we certainly believe that we're on the right track with this relationship.
Michael W. Bayley: No. It was -- we saw a lot of strength with the gaming and beverage in the first quarter. So spa was not a key driver of the incremental revenue in Q1.
Michael W. Bayley: Mediterranean, I think, again, it's difficult to pinpoint one factor. I think it's a combination of factors. Part of it is probably capacity related. There's less capacity in the Mediterranean this year versus last year. I can't recall the exact percentage change, but there is less capacity. We're seeing a little bit more strength coming out of the European markets, particularly out of Southern Europe. And of course, we feel very good about our brands and the products that we've got on offer in those markets. So -- and we've worked hard at making these brands and products easier to sell through our distribution channels, plus, over the years, as I pointed out earlier, we've really invested and built what we think is a good European infrastructure as it relates to sales and marketing and revenue management capability in Europe, and we're beginning to leverage and see the results of that. So I think that's -- again, it's just a whole series of different factors. As it relates to, I think, the question on European bookings or a WAVE Period, we're seeing -- usually, around this time, we see a kind of a transition between U.S. bookings and European bookings for European product. And we're beginning to see the bookings from the European markets pick up quite nicely. So we feel quite good about what we're seeing out of the European markets, and it's really across all markets. One of the markets that we've been particularly pleased with, is the Spanish market that seems to have picked up quite nicely for us. And we're seeing strength out of the U.K. and Irish market as it relates to pricing.
Jason T. Liberty: On the incident side, all of these, individually, were small in nature, and that's why there wasn't any specific disclosure about them. I mean, some of them were -- in the press was on Explorer with the norovirus, as an example. But this is really a unique amount of affected sailings within the quarter. We will consider, as we always do, as these come up, on whether or not they're disclosable events.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes. I mean, it's really driven around the commentary around the strength in Asia, Europe, as well as onboard. The collection of that is really making up that $0.05.
Jason T. Liberty: On a Caribbean perspective, I think, for next year, with Quantum moving into China, I would expect Caribbean capacity to be very slightly up for next year. Obviously, not knowing what is going to happen with the other players in the industry, but for us, that's what our expectations are at this point.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes. It's definitely more of a rounding thing. On the cost side, some of the currencies that have either helped or affected us are -- some positions were long-end, some were short-end. But for the most part, it's rounding that's causing that differential.
Jason T. Liberty: We could certainly offline, Robin, just walk you through, because those numbers are physically out there for us to show you.
Jason T. Liberty: Thank you for your assistance, April, with the call today. And we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Laura will be available for any follow-ups you might have, and I wish you all a great day.
Adam M. Goldstein: It's Adam. So as you get further away from the WAVE, the bookings are normally trending somewhat down, so other things being equal, you would always expect to see April somewhat slower than March. So even at an equivalent level of promotional intensity, that would be an expectation. The point that we've tried to make in general, looking across the 2 months, is that they have had more volume than we would have expected for a normal March and April, and so we have been able to eliminate a good portion of the Caribbean load factor deficits that we've had prior. So -- and I think I mentioned in my commentary that if you compare March and April this year to March and April last year, we were up double digit booking volume. So the combination of the 2 show that there is a market reaction to promotional intensity, and we're pleased about that, but April is normally slower than March.
Adam M. Goldstein: I don't know the percentage point, I just know that it's -- we would expect that to be the case, and that has been the case.
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, we understood, and I know we talked about in the last couple of quarters, the fact that we saw the Caribbean as having a promotionally-oriented outlook to it, and that has continued to be the case. What we have also now seen, though, which was the news since the previous call, which Richard was just commenting on, is that we've been able to cause a pretty strong reaction, strong positive reaction in terms of generating volume in the Caribbean, with effective promotions. So we're clearly in a promotional environment. Our forecasting takes that into account and does not expect that to change substantially for the rest of the year. And we've made our guidance on that basis, so it incorporates our expectation for the Caribbean. So we would have loved to have been able to say that we're onto a different and less promotional chapter. But at the moment, we expect that to continue.
Adam M. Goldstein: Definitely the former of those 2. We have, step by step, going back to at least 2008, been ramping up our presence in China. And we had -- we started with one of our smallest ships. I think we pointed out at the time that, from a research and development standpoint, that was an immaterial amount of our capacity to devote to an interesting opportunity. And we're now up to the point where, last summer and also this summer, we have Voyager of the Seas and Mariner of the Seas there, 2 Voyager-class ships, clearly doing very well. And our sense was that the brand's capability and the attributes of Quantum of the Seas made sense for us to take a bold next step for 2015. So it's not a commentary on any other market. It's a commentary on what we believe is an important future opportunity for the company that's actually delivering results right now.
Adam M. Goldstein: Okay, thank you. Understood. So Quantum, as I remarked upon earlier, is in a very favorable position for her inaugural winter season serving Bahamas and the Caribbean out of New Jersey. So she is doing very well. And we also expect her to do very well in China, both from a ticket and on onboard perspective. So it's too early to say the exact comparison, but there is -- we're very confident that she will maintain a high level of performance in both respects.
Adam M. Goldstein: It's Adam. It's actually, mostly, a mathematical function of the fact that our long-disclosed Caribbean deployment through first quarter this coming year has a first quarter increase that's still relatively higher. According to our disclosed deployment for the back 3 quarters of next year, to Jason's commentary, it's basically flat.
Adam M. Goldstein: Okay. So we have not disclosed any particular deployment decisions far into 2016. Obviously, one of the great advantages of our business model is the ability to move ships around, particularly amongst the 3 regions of the world that are now very important to us: North America, Europe and Asia Pacific. So we continue to evaluate what our choices are from second quarter 2016 forward. And we will make those announcements as they -- as we get to the point where we need to in the regular deployment cycle. But we do understand, and we evaluate all the market performance very carefully and what we believe -- where we believe the ships can perform better.
Adam M. Goldstein: Thank you, Assia. Yes, China is profitable for us at this point. Even understanding, to Richard's earlier commentary, that we have a lot of work to do in building consumer awareness, creating travel agent familiarity with all -- with the concept of a cruise, not to mention our own products and services. There is more effort to be put in there in the near term. But the revenue performance of the market is very strong, and we are in a profitable position today.
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, China is clearly very, very significant to what we're doing and inherent in the conversation, I believe, that we're having about it on this fall, particularly with the news about Quantum moving to Asia. We still see opportunity in Latin America. But it is true -- and we've been vocal and the whole industry has been vocal about there are cost pressures in Brazil that we would really love for the Brazilians to address because there's this market opportunity down there if the country would have a more favorable regime for cruising. So that's an opportunity, hopefully, for the longer term for us. But we don't mean, by the fact that we haven't been talking about it, that it isn't interesting to us or that we haven't been building up of our capabilities there. We have the Pullmantur brand, which is -- sees opportunity in becoming a brand known for its appeal to Latin American cruisers. But I think, from an overall strategic standpoint, particularly with respect to news for today, China is in the leadership position.
Adam M. Goldstein: We really haven't been that sharp in our distinctions. What we've said is 7-night and shorter cruises is where the most of the promotional intensity has been. And to the extent that the Caribbean area is somewhat weaker than we were expecting it to be 3 months ago, I think, you could characterize that weakness as pertaining to 3 through 7 nights. Not going into microscopic detail as between them. So it's just generally shorter cruise have felt the impact more than long Caribbean-type cruises.
Adam M. Goldstein: Okay. So we have 3 areas, which are developing nicely, with the main area of those 3 being the provinces in and around Shanghai. So with Quantum of the Seas herself going to Shanghai, that will be the most hurdle source market area for her. We have also been working very hard over -- since, again, going back again to 2008, in the Tianjin, Beijing northern area, where we have a Voyager-class ship on a regular basis there. The newest of the 3 areas that we are interested in, in the near term, would be the Pearl River Delta and the South of China plus Hong Kong. And all of those communities are obviously near to the coast. That's where most of the incoming wealth generation is taking place in the country. And over the longer term, we believe we will have opportunities in the inland cities and provinces. But for the near term and to support Quantum, it will continue to be mainly the coastal communities featuring Shanghai area.
Richard D. Fain: I think, Felicia, I think the point, as Adam said and as we mentioned in the release, we really have been a little bit surprised that the post-WAVE period has been as strong as it's been. The volumes have just been unprecedented. The WAVE that we described earlier as typical, and that is what the WAVE ended up being, and I think that generated a little bit of concern on our part if that continued. And then slightly to our surprise, the volumes really picked up in the post-WAVE period, which isn't the normal pattern. But as Adam said, we drove a lot of that by the promotional pricings that we did. And actually, both the Royal Caribbean International brand and Celebrity had some very good and innovative ways of packaging. So the 123Go! and then Pick Your Perk and the "kids sail free" were ways of doing promotional pricing by adding on as opposed to by simply discounting the price, so giving the consumer more for the same price rather than giving them the same amount for a lesser price. And that actually turned out to be surprisingly effective.
Richard D. Fain: Actually, and Steven, it's Richard again, as well. Can I -- just adding a little more color because I think we have tried to be clear that, directionally, the Caribbean is actually weaker today in terms of total yield than it was at the end of January, when we gave the last guidance. As Adam says, it's really been much more promotional. So we've generated the volume. And so when we talk glowingly about how the other markets are doing, we also -- that -- the implication, the converse is that the Caribbean is probably -- is, in our view, weaker than we thought it was going to be.
Richard D. Fain: James, if I could just also ask -- add one other thing. You asked about the revenue, but I think we also should maybe round it out by saying, as we've said before, it is more expensive to operate in China. You do have to go after the market. You do have to build a strategic foothold there, et cetera. So there are costs. I think, as Adam says, we would expect the net of that to be positive. But you asked about one side, and I just want to make sure we're also answering the other part.
Richard D. Fain: I think, just to comment more on Pullmantur because we are making a thrust there, and talking about South America is a little bit like talking about Europe. It's -- although we talk about it as a place, it's really a series of quite individual countries. And while I think all of us have experienced the challenges that Adam referred to in Brazil, there's quite a few opportunities there, and our Pullmantur brand will be focusing on that, and we think that is an opportunity for the brand.
Richard D. Fain: Robin, I'll take first of those. The tour business has been plus or minus 0 for a while now. And it's had a couple of years where it's been marginally positive, a couple of years where it's been marginally negative. When we gave our guidance, we assumed it would be sold, and we left it out. We weren't sure exactly the closing date, so the exact amount of the loss. Obviously, January is the worst month of the year. So if we had finished something before that, we would have had less of a loss. And actually, it ended up closing at the end of January. So we had to absorb that month of loss. But none of that was in our projections, none of that was in our guidance. So the guidance remains like-for-like comparable. And I'll let Jason answer the second one, but basically that -- we kept the guidance so that the tour, when we talk about cost, is not a factor. So it's -- we're comparing like-for-like without the tour, without the tour. So when we're talking about cost being flat to slightly down, if we had included the tour, it would be actually down quite a bit because the tour was a big expense. But we took it out of both the before and the after.
Richard D. Fain: A lot of that are -- is initiatives, but the initiatives we keep working on, I don't know that it's a point in time that one thing suddenly happened and we did it, but it's a series of things we've been working on. For example, the -- one of the big drivers has been the revitalizations. Those have been very successful for us, and they have been coming on or will come on. I think, last year we had a 7.5% improvement in onboard revenue, which was exceptional. But we keep working on improving it, but I think, obviously, we don't expect to continue to be generating 7.5% annual increases.
