Michael W. Bayley: Thank you, Adam, and good morning everyone. As Jason mentioned, onboard revenue performance in 2013 has been particularly strong with constant currency yields up 7.6 for the full-year and 8% for the fourth quarter. We have now seen year-over-year onboard revenue growth for eight constructive quarters. As we look forward into 2014, we feel optimistic about the continuation of this strong performance. As you know, we have invested in our onboard revenue programs for a number of years and these investments are generating healthy returns. We have added over 40 specialty restaurants over the past four years and have continued to invest in the refreshing and updating of our casino technology, and on certain vessels we have upgraded our casino footprint in response to demand from source market. We continue to invest in our pre-cruise capabilities and today you can book our shore excursions, speciality dinings, spa appointments, beverage packages and packages generally, and over the past 12 montrhs, we have significantly rationalised our tour offering and improved the quality of our tour product. At Celebrity cruises for example, we added dedicated destination concierges onboard each of our ships whose focus is to create branded and segmented tours, targeted to our higher value guests and this is beginning to generate incremental revenue. Our focus on technology has allowed us to expand our bandwidth while reducing cost of increasing our revenue. Additionally, in 2014, Oasis of the Seas, Allure of the Seas, and Quantum of the Seas will lead the industry with high-speed satellite delivered broadband service on their Caribbean sailings commencing later this year. When we look at our onboard revenue by key revenue stream, source market and product, it's really a positive news story across the board. 2013 was a very rewarding year for onboard revenue as all of the investments into the development of our revenue streams materialized. We feel confident about what we have built for our customers as we see the increased demand for these products and services realised. I'd like to also make a few comments regarding our distribution channels. Our guests have their choice of booking charnel and we will continue to provide every opportunity for them to select the channel that best suits their needs. But by far the most important channel are our trade partners. Travel agencies continue to be the primary and most important source of sales for our ships. The travel agent network is an efficient distribution model for our business and we believe in the value of this channel, so we invest heavily in maintaining strong relationships with our travel partners across the world. To accomplish this goal, we have always maintained a holistic approach to our relationship through training, support, technology, integrated promotions, and marketing partnerships. We have been consistent in our support to this channel through good times and bad, formally by Celebrity Cruises' commitment and Royal Caribbean International's Loyal to You Always programs, and informally through trade friendly promotions. We have invested significantly more year-over-year in consumer marketing, trade co-op, and trade support staff. We provide highly trained, brand dedicated sales representatives, we serve the role of a trusted advisor to our travel partners to grow their business with ours. We also provide award-winning customer service representatives, call centers, and online training tools. We were pleased in December when Travel Weekly, one of the most influential travel agent publications in the United States, held their Travel Agent Readers Choice Awards and we received multiple honors. Royal Caribbean International was voted best cruise line overall, best in sales and service, best domestic cruise line, best cruise line in the Caribbean, and Allure of the Seas was voted the best overall individual cruiseship. Celebrity Cruises was voted by Travel Agent Readers, the best premium cruise line, the cruise line in Europe, and Celebrity Reflection was awarded the best premium ship award. Globally, we are the recipient of multiple trade awards across the markets we operate in. We believe this demonstrates the strength of our brand with our travel partners. In the past, present and future, our fortunes are intertwined and we will continue to strengthen our relationship with our trade partners. With that, I will turn the call back to Jason.
Michael W. Bayley: Yes, I think our European products and brands are seeing strong demand from the North American market, which is very positive. I think a part of that is because of the stability we're seeing with the air cost and a lot of the programs that we initiated in 2013, with our ChoiceAir program, which is a way of better positioning air earlier on in the transaction with our customers which allows them to purchase the package at an earlier period. So I think we're seeing good demand from North America for European products. Out of the European markets, again I think we're seeing very good overall demand coming in from the European markets for our various brands and products. So I think it's kind of a good new story overall for Europe. I mean part of it obviously is capacity, because capacity is down for the industry and somewhat for the brand. So it's a combination of these different factors I think all coming into play. But overall, it's very positive story.
Michael W. Bayley: And to your question on onboard, it is actually estimated to be very similar to our overall yield guidance of approximately 2% to 3%.
Michael W. Bayley: Hi Robin, it's Michael. I'll just make a couple of comments about Alaska. I mean obviously Alaska is almost like a mini Europe in terms of its importance. It's about 5% of our total capacity. It certainly, as you know, during the high yielding period, and it's – we feel pretty good about how Alaska is booking. I mean obviously it has its puts and takes but our capacity overall is pretty much the same as it was in 2013 and our products seem to be selling at a relatively good pace. So I think we are fairly confident with how Alaska is shaping up.
Michael W. Bayley: I mean I think I said in my comments, that when you look at onboard revenue either by revenue stream or source market or product or brand, the story is universally good. We're seeing strength across every single revenue stream and from every single market. So the entire story is positive. There's just a general uplift that we are seeing in our onboard revenue across all of our brands. There is no one particular revenue stream that's really outshining the rest. I mean obviously different revenue streams have different relative scales of leverage, gaming, retail, et cetera, and shore excursions make up a significant portion of our revenue, and they are all really doing quite well.
Michael W. Bayley: This is Michael. I think we're certainly seeing very strong demand out of the North American market for the European products. Out of the European markets, we are seeing good demand. We create our own track of expectation of booking, volume and rate out of every individual market within Europe and North America for each of the brands and I think we have been, again, pleased with what we're seeing out of North America, and from the European markets, they are generally meeting our expectations.
Jason Liberty: This is Jason. I think in describing the typical WAVE, it's really kind of how it's played out over the past several years. I would not describe it to be as strong as it was in 2012, but it's not far off those levels – I'm sorry by 2013. And then as it relates to, I think the comparable really becomes easier going into the second quarter, but all the negative industry media really kind of leagued throughout the year but really didn't take effect until the second quarter in terms of our yields.
Jason Liberty: This is Jason. The saving efforts that we have put forth, we kind of describe them as, they are not 10 things, they are really a thousand little things and a lot of it has been centered around back-office, global restructuring efforts, but also a series of benchmarking efforts we did on the ships. I think they really did not affect the customer experience but where we saw opportunities for savings. But I wish I could say it's three things but it's really a collective effort of our management team in the organization to find savings.
Jason Liberty: I wouldn't describe it as really early innings, I think we look at this as a journey, as we identify other profitability opportunities, we're certainly realizing them. But additionally I think what we're looking to do is as we grow, to ensure we realize this scale going forward.
Jason Liberty: I think in terms of end cash, our net debt-to-EBITDA numbers, I think there are some components or the commitments that are factored in, but our goal is to really get to investment grade of 3.75 times cash flow and I think as cash becomes available that then kind of drives to be a Board decision on what's the best way to allocate capital.
Jason Liberty: If you actually look, I think it's on the last couple of pages of the press release, that we actually breakdown our business within the [indiscernible] – they're not referring to Pullmantur.
Jason Liberty: This is Jason. I'll take the cost one. I'll try to bucket a little bit more. I think the big chunk of it comes from our global restructuring and going kind of market by market and looking at what is costing to us to acquire guests relative to what we are getting on a revenue perspective and rationalizing that, but there's a lot of savings that happened there and that had a lot of back office element to it. There was also a lot of action looking at on a back office side, how are we doing versus on a scale perspective relative to prior periods and right-sizing some of that. And then just overall, I'd say more kind of the back of the ship opportunities that we saw, not touching at all maintenance or anything that had to do with the [indiscernible] security of the vessel, and finding opportunities to benchmark it.
Jason Liberty: On ECA cost relative to 2014, it's pretty modest. We haven't quantified in our 10-K filing but the larger impact will really impact more 2015.
Jason Liberty: We have a series of efforts, and I'm not sure if Adam, you might want to comment on the efforts we're doing on the scrubber technology, so how we address.
Jason Liberty: I'll just take in the first piece on the interest chunk, our interest expense is expected to be down somewhere between $50 million and $60 million for the year. The main drivers of that is, over the past year and a half we've – [indiscernible] of refinancings are almost $2 billion worth and our weighted average cost of that almost – overall has really jumped by about 55 basis points. As well we had about $500 million left in debt. So the combination of those things is what's driving the lower negative [carry] (ph).
Jason Liberty: Thank you for your assistance, Holly, with the call today and we thank all of you for your participation and interest in the Company. Liz will be available for any follow-ups you might have. And with that, I wish you all a great day.
Adam M. Goldstein: It's Adam. Obviously we are continuing to root for cold weather and we are seeing what is more or less an endless stretch of it, and our general sense based on history is that that should be relatively helpful to us. But as Jason I believe mentioned earlier on in his comments, the weather was so nasty that it actually affected the first week of the WAVE in a negative way. So it still stands to reason that if there this cold snap goes on and on and on, people will eventually be more inclined to have something on the books in the warmer climate than what they are experiencing at home.
Adam M. Goldstein: It's Adam. First of all on Asia, an example that Michael was saying about Europe, so when we speak about Asia, we're talking about really the whole Asia through Australia area. I believe Jason mentioned earlier that it's about 12% of our capacity in total for that whole region. So it's obviously still a relatively small but increasingly meaningful portion of what we do. And we are generally pleased with how things went last year and with the outlook for this year for the Asia-Pacific region. Clearly the institution, what they expect in a Voyager class ship or the Royal Caribbean brand in China went well in 2013. It was received well, as Voyager of the Seas has been before it, I'm talking about Mariner of the Seas. So the products and services that we're delivering to that market which is clearly in its infancy seem to go on the right direction. There is still a lot of research and development involved in that effort. And then on the Australian side of the equation, which is where most of the ships are at the moment under the southern summer, it's a robust market. I mean notwithstanding that quite a lot of capacity has gone there and the Australian dollar has been weaker off late, it's still a very solid cruise market for our brands. And so when you put the two together, Asia and Australia, we are pleased with the outlook but we have a lot of work to do, and as you mentioned, the Japan-China dispute is still a wildcard that we're having to work our way around. I mean we wish we could know for sure that we could deliver all the Japanese ports on the itineraries as we intend them. We weren't able to do that last year, and at the moment, we are not planning on being able to do them this year, but we're certainly open to a positive trend in that relationship. I think you were also asking about later bookings in the U.S. Obviously in the fourth quarter, we were generally pleased with late-bookings and that helped us to exceed our yield guidance for the quarter fairly substantially. A good amount of those late bookings actually were for European and Asian products, it wasn't just what was going on in the U.S. and the Caribbean, and given that we're in the beginning of the WAVE period and the beginning of the first quarter, we can't really say by definition what the late bookings will be for Q1, but we're certainly marketing to encourage them wherever we need them.
Adam M. Goldstein: Steve, as it relates to promotion in the industry, I think it's been sort of a regular feature of these conversations over the years that a fundamental part of the revenue management equation is putting the right promotions in the market at the right time in the very dynamic industry environment, and I would say that discounting is definitely a part of the equation right now in the WAVE marketplace. I think all of the industry is working very hard to get load on the ships at the desirable rate. I don't think there's anything really very different fundamentally from what we have encountered in the past or would expect during the future. I mentioned before in my comments that we have just invested significantly in our ability to do our promotions in the most effective manner possible, and that's because we know the promotions and discounts will be a regular feature of the landscape, and our goal like with anything else is to do that as well as we possibly can. So there's not going to be – there isn't just a moment, that we set our prices and that's it, there's nothing to talk about. The travel agency community does a great job for us in navigating the promotional offers that we put out there for the benefit of the guests and all that contributes to the positive yield guidance that we have given.
Adam M. Goldstein: I would say it's generally at a level that we wouldn't consider to be normal business as usual, which means that it's a very competitive affair.
Adam M. Goldstein: Robin, this is Adam. I'll address your Caribbean question and then Michael can take the Alaska question. We're at a point in our first quarter where obviously the long lead time business is what we have on the books and now the question that remains is, what happens with the short-term bookings, and while they could be robust, if we're in the fourth quarter, that's not anything that we can count on, so we obviously make our most educated projection that we can in a rational way as it seems to all of us who are engaged in the revenue management effort, let's project out what our first quarter guidance will be. Now, you have seen from the earlier commentary and from the slides that we showed during this presentation that our overall load factor position for the year is strong, and we're going to continue to do everything that we can so that it remains that way and so that we're relatively less dependent on late booking business, and to the extent that we have it, we can continue to generate high APDs from it. So structurally, our load factor situation is positive and we would expect – and so we built that into our forecasting for Q2, Q3 and Q4. For Q1, we'll just have to see how it pans out over the next few months as we do every time we have one of these calls.
Adam M. Goldstein: This is Adam. As it relates to your first question on our yield performance over recent quarters, there's a factor that you mentioned, it has absolutely been relevant. First of all, as you know, we don't know what the onboard revenue will be until it happens, and based on the commentary that Michael has provided here today, you know that onboard revenue has been continually robust throughout the period that you referenced and so that has definitely contributed on a regular basis to any peaks that we've had on our revenue guidance. And generally speaking, over the last five quarters, we've been pleased with the quality and the quantity of the late business that we've taken on, and as I just mentioned before, we can't count on that happening in the future. But we – in fact this is what we have experienced over the recent year or so.
Adam M. Goldstein: I would just say that as we sit here in early 2014, we've been very conscious of the tougher level of [indiscernible] emissions coming-in the ECA at the beginning of next year, and so we have been engaged in a whole variety of initiatives including scrubbers, or as we would call them, advanced emission purification equipment, to mitigate particularly the burden that will come into effect next year. So as Jason said, we'll quantify that more precisely in the 10-K, at least for 2014 at this point, and it's a huge effort taking place in our Company to come up with the best mitigation technique that we can and part of that is seeing where the AEP or scrubber equipment can get us.
Adam M. Goldstein: When I referred to the current situation earlier as a competitive affair, it certainly encompassed the Caribbean environment for Q2 and Q3. It's not just that we expect that that will happen, this is what is happening and these expectations are baked into our overall guidance for the year and we will [play it hard] (ph) for the business.
Adam M. Goldstein: James, it's Adam. Thank you for saving the best for last. So this has been a difficult situation and both a considerable and a rare outbreak of what appears to be norovirus, because that's something that actually takes a little bit of time to confirm but most likely that is what is happening onboard Exploder disease. Very happy to say that after the initial spike in illnesses which happened on the 23rd, two days into the cruise, we have sequentially experienced far lesser numbers of guests being ill, but nevertheless it's a serious situation and we feel very badly for the guests that became ill on the ship. We are doing lots and lots of things for them, which includes compensation for the ports that they missed. But to your question, we don't expect that the impact of this event will be significant or meaningful for the Company or its results, but it is obviously meaningful to the customers who have experienced illness. So we're doing everything we can do to make the ship as clean as possible and the rest of the cruise as enjoyable as we can.
Richard D. Fain: And I'll just add a comment on that. I think we've shown, recently increased the dividend rate, I think we are feeling more comfortable that we are moving quickly towards investment grade. The objective is not to continue to make that an A rated company or anything like that, and so I think we have the opportunity, given the very high cash flow from our business, to also use that money to give back to shareholders.
Richard D. Fain: Of course we look at all those kinds of things and the Board has talked about it, but I think we don't announce anything until we've actually made a decision and we have announced the decisions we made to date.
Richard D. Fain: And with respect to how much better 2014 could have been if we hadn't had the impact of all the events in 2013, I'm afraid that our systems are really geared to quite sophisticated in measuring out the demand levels that do exist. It's very hard to measure what they would have been under a hypothetical scenario. And so I don't think we have an estimate of actually how much better it could have been. Obviously we think it would have been better but our focus is on given where we are today, what do we expect to happen, and this takes all that into account.
Richard D. Fain: Yes, I think we actually have said that historically we were – our newer ships had a 25% premium to our older vessels. Now we'd have to divide that out because much of our existing fleet is in fact newer ships today. But yes, we would assume that the newer vessels would continue to attract a nice premium, and forward bookings for Quantum certainly reinforces that.
Richard D. Fain: I think it is obviously a challenge for any company doing this and I don't think that we are any different than anyone else and we try and provide a balance. So I don't think it's reasonable to assume that nothing goes wrong in the year. And I remember back to the time when having to divert a ship because of hurricane was the big kind of variable there. And so, we try and give some thought to it. But of course, when you're talking about the kind of events that we've looked to in last couple of years, those are outside of anybody's ability to even remotely predict or incorporate. So we try and be realistic but we also don't try and imagine Black Swan type things happening.
