Jason T. Liberty: Yeah. That's exactly right, Harry. About half of the beat is driven by the weakening of the dollar and the balance of that is driven by improvement in business trends.
Jason T. Liberty: Well, I wouldn't necessarily say it's hesitancy. I would point out that, one, we've said from the start of the program that we were going to be doing it opportunistically. And we also said we were going to be doing it in line with free cash flow. And most of the free cash flow gets generated really on the back half of the year.
Jason T. Liberty: Hi, David. Yeah, I don't think it's necessarily Richard being overly cautious in any way. I think it is obviously as the year progresses and we continue to raise our yield guidance, which we have, the comp becomes more difficult. We'll certainly benefit in 2018 from the introduction of Symphony and Edge, which comes at the very latter part of the year. I think it's just more this year has, when you look at all your kind of core products outside of the challenge that we've had with the South Korea sailings, everything has really kind of ended up in the better-than-expected column, and that's not a typical year. In most years, as any kind of portfolio, you have some products that are doing better than others and some markets that are doing better than others and some that are not. And so I think this trend of us just continuing to raise is a reflection of the current environment. But I don't think we want people to extrapolate that you're going to see 5.75% yield improvements every year.
Jason T. Liberty: Hi, Felicia. I think on an advantaged standpoint, obviously, being in a stronger booked position allows us to manage price more effectively north and also allows us to manage demand more globally as we have much less inventory to sell. And that has been a pretty continuous trend for us for some time as the booking window continues to extend. Some of the commentary, talking about how strong the booking trends have been over the past quarter, a lot of that actually relates to our booking activities for 2018. And so it gives us more visibility in terms of what the booked revenue is, but it also gives us the opportunity to manage price and try to recognize the opportunities as they come forward.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah, no. I do think the trends do show for it to be a solid year next year. I think the thing to just be cautious on is that in that 5.75% is some of the benefit from the Pullmantur de-consolidation. So I would just, one, point that out. And, of course, I mean, being in a strong booked position on a rate and volume basis is where you want to be kind of going into the forward-looking periods. And of course, we always talk about that balance of being too booked, because that also limits opportunity to be able to take on revenue at higher prices if the opportunity comes your way.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah. Well, I think it's a combination of things. I mean, TUI is performing exceptionally well. Obviously, we're seeing very strong trends. And if we're seeing strong trends, it's likely that TUI Cruises is also seeing strong trends. And we've been seeing those strong trends from TUI for sometime. But also, our Pullmantur brand is doing better than we had expected it to do this year as well.
Jason T. Liberty: That's right and that's also what I'd talked about was the combination of the improvement in the $0.30 for 2017 also included the increment from the joint ventures.
Jason T. Liberty: Well, thank you for daring us to venture. But, no, we're not going to get specific into a kind of market-by-market breakdown. But obviously, we would certainly benefit if the Korean restrictions (33:19) came off. Thanks for trying, Robin.
Jason T. Liberty: Well, I mean, we can always manage the timing of our costs if need be, but we have put a lot of thought, obviously, into those costs. And, look, we said, some of it is no necessarily creating more APCDs, just carrying about 50,000 more passengers this year than we had expected. That increases your numerator and your denominator, the APCDs stay the same, so that's going to have an effect. And investing in activities that we believe are not only going to improve the top-line, but expand the bottom-line and expand returns is how we think about our cost spend.
Jason T. Liberty: Well, I can give you our perspective on the industry side or both, but on the industry side, I think we expected: Caribbean to be up about 5% next year; Europe, up about 5%; China, down about 5%; Asia-Pac, which would include China, down 4%. And if you want it for us, we'll be up about 8% in the Caribbean, 9% in Europe, down about 10% in Asia-Pac.
Jason T. Liberty: Hey, Jared. I won't comment on the 1.5%, but that's right, it's the challenges from Empress last year were something that could affect the yields in the fourth quarter year-over-year.
Jason T. Liberty: Well, first off, on the 100 basis points for Empress, I think that's a little bit high. I would say it's sub-50 basis points in terms of the impact year-over-year. But I think one of the factors is, is, one, it's a tougher year-over-year comp for us, especially in the Caribbean because we saw very strong trends in the Caribbean last year, outside of Empress. I mean, you look at the strength that's happening the back half of the year, a lot of that is coming from North American demand trends for Europe. And, as I commented, it's a much lesser portion of our capacity in Q4.
Jason T. Liberty: The other thing I want to just add, Jared, is the fourth quarter was really when Harmony came into the Caribbean last year and it was kind of record, incredible demand for Harmony, which also makes that Q4 comp very, very difficult for us year-over-year.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah. Well, we don't provide specific color or guidance on the JVs. But what we have said in the past is that as TUI takes on more capacity, on average, as an enterprise, they've been adding $50 million to $60 million a year in earnings and about half of that comes directly to us. That, in combination with stronger booking trends, can kind of give you some direction in terms of how their performance is doing. Yes, the gap between North American and European guests has shrunk, but the North American consumer does not only spend more on the ticket, but they also spend quite a bit more on the ships. The driver of that has actually to do more on the shore excursion side, because it's kind of more of a bucket list vacation experience for them and so they tend to spend more on board than the European guests. And while that gap has shrunken somewhat, certainly, it's a more profitable opportunity for us if we're sourcing more North American guests versus European guests. The last thing I would just add on that point is that as the North American consumer is eating up a lot of that capacity, it also puts the European consumer in a position where they have to spend more in order to get onto the ships.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes. So, one, in terms of the order, I would say it's kind of load factor and then it's investments and revenue-enhancing projects. A little bit of it's timing. So there's not really a large element here that is something that we are moving forward from 2018. Again, this is really us kind of looking through the profitability lens investments that we can make in order to improve the top-line to expand returns.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes. Stephen, obviously, as the capacity comes on, especially the new ships, because of the inventory mix of the ships, the additional onboard revenue venues that are located on those ships, they certainly are good tailwinds to 2018 and 2019 and beyond. They also benefit us, obviously, on the back office side, by us able to grab more economies of scale as that capacity comes on. I'm not going to get into specifically, because it depends on the year, when the new capacity is coming on in terms of what the impact is on our yields going forward, but certainly, they are tailwinds and not only are they good individual contributors, but they also help support the brand message and attract guests to our broader fleet.
Jason T. Liberty: No. The other half that's operational is really driven by strong demand trends for the Caribbean and for Europe in the North American consumer. TUI and Pullmantur have a modest help in that, and that's somewhat kind of helping offset the cost increase that we have.
Jason T. Liberty: Hey, Dan. Well, obviously, I think there will be a lot of benefit from us taking friction out of the cruise experience. But I think where we see the clear monetization opportunity is getting people to obviously book in an easier way with us, so whether that's via the web or via their digital device, their ability to pre-book activities. Ad whether that's shore excursion or manage their calendar on the ship through the entire customer journey, there's lots of opportunities to be able to stimulate the consumer to spend and also to allow them to kind of plan their vacations accordingly. And by putting that tool in their hands, we think that there is an opportunity to improve the top-line.
Jason T. Liberty: Okay. So just before signing off, I wanted to provide a big thank you to Carol for her great work in the IR role. And we wish her the best of luck in her new role as the Chief Operating Officer of our Azamara brand. And, of course, we appreciate everyone's participation and interest in the company. Carola, and I think Carol will be with her as well, will be available for any follow-ups you might have today. And we wish you all a very great day. Take care.
Richard D. Fain: Yes. I think, Jason, the answer, it wasn't intended to be particularly conservative. I think it really was just tended to say this is really proving to be an exceptionally good year. And sometimes, there's a tendency to extrapolate whatever happens this year, next year will be another good year where again everything seems to be going in the right direction. And this was just more a cautionary tone that next year does look very good. And everything we said about it is very positive of bookings. Bookings continue to be at, in fact, a higher rate and a higher amount than we've experienced in this wonderful year. But it's rare that we just see everything going as well as it has this year.
Richard D. Fain: Yeah. And, Felicia, another thing as part of what you've just commented on, our new ships are really doing very well. The Symphony of the Seas, which is delivering next spring, is another home run for us, much as Harmony has been. Edge is also doing extraordinarily well, but Edge doesn't deliver till very much at the end of the year. So we won't actually have that benefit really until 2019. But, yeah, 2018, it's looking to be a good year. But, again, I guess I always have to say there always seem to be some headwinds that you run into. Foreign exchange has gone both ways for us. This year compared to last year, it's about neutral. But it's improved in the last few months. So overall, I think we're feeling very strong, but always worried that there are these uncertainties that always seem to come up and temper that enthusiasm.
Richard D. Fain: Robin, again, this is a nice problem to have, but sometimes we do feel that we shouldn't get too booked because we give up opportunities at higher prices. And so that is a dialogue that goes on here everyday. We still are at record levels. And simply the question is do we want to continue to expand that or do we want to raise our prices a little bit and, in fact, slow down the booking velocity. So you're right. That's exactly what's happening, and it's a debate that we had here every day.
Richard D. Fain: So, Tim, as you said, you can but don't necessarily want to just keep expanding that. And it's a trade-off between the way you think the demand is and you don't want to so fill up, that you don't have space available to accept demand at a higher price later. I think earlier this year, I actually made the comment, going back to something Robin said, that we were at a record level and probably wouldn't go higher than the load factors we had when we crossed the year at the end of last year. But we've continued to actually inch up a little bit from those levels and that's because our operating people and our revenue management people feel that there is a benefit to doing that. And, again, it's exactly the things that Felicia talked about. You have more booked. You, therefore, have less to sell so you can raise your prices on that additional amount to sell, et cetera. And that's a trade-off. As I said, earlier this year, I actually predicted that last year was not only a record, but was the record and that we wouldn't want it to go higher. And since then, we've actually let it go a little bit higher. But, as you say, we're probably reaching the peak of that, which is a good thing. And it simply means that we are spending our time focusing on how do we ratchet up the price, as opposed to ratcheting out the booking curve.
Richard D. Fain: Yeah. I'm not sure, unfortunately, that there are that many fewer incidents. I do think people have a little bit, your latter point, acclimated to them and see them as perhaps less relevant to them. I'm not sure that's a good sign for society, but that's a positive sign for the cruise business. I also think there is a perception that this is a good vacation to be doing. And so I think overall, at least the kind of pattern that we are experiencing today, it seems to be less of an issue. I'm not sure that we'd be willing to extrapolate that to all kinds of issues or all levels of intensity or frequency.
Richard D. Fain: Hi, Assia, I tried to say it was purely caution. We're having an extraordinarily good year in an extraordinarily strong market. And I think it behooves us to say that not everything goes your way every time, but the objective facts are very positive. The weak dollar, first of all, I have trouble calling it a weak dollar, because when we look at, for example, our DOUBLE-DOUBLE, the strong dollar has been an enormous headwind. And I think one of the reasons that we're feeling so good about 2017 is to have reached our DOUBLE-DOUBLE goals or about to reach our DOUBLE-DOUBLE goals in the face of the very strong headwinds of the strong dollar, really makes us feel quite good. The slightly less strong dollar, I'm going to use it, I'm going to describe it that way.
Richard D. Fain: Yeah. Is the glass half full or half empty? The slightly less strong dollar is actually helpful to us in every which way and so this is a positive for us after so long of facing these headwinds. And I remind you that the dollar strength for 2017 is ending up about where it was in 2016 on our trade-weighted basis. The difference is it's gotten better. It rose up. The dollar got stronger by the end of April of this year and then it got weaker again. But we're basically back to where we were last year, no stronger, no weaker. So I would feel very happy if we simply can carry on with another year without more headwinds. But again, I do want to make it clear, we view the weaker dollar as positive for us overall, balancing those things that are helpful and those things that are harmful.
Richard D. Fain: Dan, you did cheat to go over, but I'll cheat to add to Jason's comment. Remember, I know everybody's focus tends to be on the guest-facing activities and those are the ones that are easier to monetize. But we view this whole process as multi-dimensional. And so a lot of it is relating to data analytics, data science. It's the marketing program. But a lot of it's also to make us better in delivering, so these are tools that are available to our crew members. These are things that reduce the friction for them in coming to the ship and being employed and all the work that they have to do, tools that make them better at producing the service. We also use it for safety features, better supply logistics. So it's a really multi-dimensional tool that I just would emphasize, the more visible part will be the kind of guest-facing things that we talked about. But I would not underestimate the importance, long-run, in terms of our position in the market, in terms of our ability to produce these kinds of revenues of the other aspects of the tools.
Michael Bayley: Hi David, it's Michael. I think one way of looking at it is strategic and tactical. We see the China market as an opportunity. And I think, as Richard mentioned earlier on, we have a long-term development plan. We've been in the market for 10 years, and we've built a great brand in China. Changes in deployment in the short-term, we don't consider as particularly meaningful in terms of the development of the market. So, for example, Royal's removing Mariner in 2018, that's largely related to an opportunity for a dry-docking that we want to undertake. And of course, we've announced that we're putting Quantum Ultra into the market in 2019. So I think it's more of a looking at it as a long-term opportunity. And then, of course, year-by-year, there's puts and takes, but we see it is a good opportunity and we continue our development.
Michael Bayley: Hi Steve, it's Michael. Yeah, we're seeing kind of a bounce-back on the European passenger. I mean, obviously, the euro started to strengthen over the past couple of months, which is, I think, positive in terms of consumer confidence. And certainly, this summer season for Celebrity and Royal Caribbean, we've seen, as we've mentioned, great demand from the North American market, which really has pushed up pricing quite a way. And of course, that we thought would push down some of the European sourcing, but it's been quite robust and quite healthy. So we feel quite positive about what we're seeing with the European sourced markets.
Michael Bayley: But, Tim, its worth pointing out that we had – this is Michael. We had record load factors in Q2 in China.
Michael Bayley: Hi, James, it's Michael. I think it's probably a combination of the two. I think there's a little bit of a cyclical impact on vacationing to Europe. But certainly, I think to Richard's point, people are becoming more, I guess, used to these events. And I think there's just more of a desire attached also to currency for Americans to travel to Europe.
Michael Bayley: Hi Stephen, it's Michael. We're pleased with the new-to-cruise developments. I mean, obviously, in the emerging markets like China, the majority of our guests are new-to-cruise, and, of course, that's an opportunity that we can continue to pursue. In the America market, we've been quite focused on developing the new-to-cruise in the millennial market, and we have been making very good progress over the past couple of years. So if you look back over time, you'd see a decrease year-over-year in new-to-cruise and millennial to Royal Caribbean International. But over the past two years, we've seen a good increase. Part of that's related to a messaging and a marketing strategy where we've moved from really traditional marketing to more digital. And we're seeing a good pick-up from new-to-cruise. So we think there is opportunity in the American market and the European market, and, of course, in the emerging markets for new-to-cruise. And a lot of the brand messaging is very much focused on that opportunity. And it's also fair to say that the new Celebrity Edge, which is a stunning new ship, is also focused on that market opportunity.
Michael Bayley: Yeah. I mean, obviously, if it's lifted, we're optimistic at some point it will be, then probably within a few weeks of that taking place, we'd be offering itineraries, including South Korea.
Felicia Hendrix: Right. And so I think for those of us on the call who've looked at cruise stocks for a long time would never kind of in our wildest dreams, kind of start out and out-year it 5% or 6% yield growth just based on history. But it does sound like, despite the tough comps, given where you are, you could have another very solid year next year.
Felicia Hendrix: Great. That's helpful clarity. And then, Jason, just in your third quarter guidance, it seems to imply that TUI is also having a nice benefit on your numbers, if you could just talk about the drivers there for your JV and where the surprises may be coming from.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. So but it is a correct interpretation that some of that is flowing through into your third quarter guidance.
