Brian Rice: On the first side, we suspended our dividend previously. I think, by Richard's comments and what we've said previously, we clearly have a focus on delevering our balance sheet and improving our credit metrics. And we do have a goal toward moving toward investment-grade. So right now, we are in a growth phase. We have been spending on ships. Our capital expenditures do drop by more than 50% next year. And we'll continue to evaluate the dividend. But for now, we haven't seen the need to institute it as we try to delever our balance sheet. We have traditionally guided the street for roughly $200 million in non-newbuild CapEx. And for now, we would continue to maintain that guidance, and as we looked to work on our fleet.
Brian Rice: Well, Greg, I think we've been saying now for a couple years that we're working very hard on cost containment. And I think we've got a pretty good track record the last couple of years. Last year, our non-fuel net cruise costs were down about 7%. We're now guiding that those costs will actually be down around 1% this year. I want to temper expectations in terms of cost continuing to go down, but I think we've clearly demonstrated that as we see top line growth, it is our intention to try and drop that to the bottom line. I think our brands have done a great job of finding the right balance between trying to help us improve our returns on investment while at the same time, delivering an outstanding guest experience. And I think we're in a pretty good place right now, and it's our intention to stay there.
Brian Rice: Tim, I will take the first one and let Richard address Spain in particular. Our yields, as I tried to allude in my comments, we do view the business environment as better and I would remind you that when we gave our first quarter guidance, we had reasonably good insight in the Wave. We are about a month into it, and had included the benefits of what we were seeing at that point in time in our guidance. Frankly, we have seen the market improving gradually since that point in time. And as I alluded to, I think we would be raising our guidance by about 100 basis points if it weren't for FX, as it relates to yield. I would also just comment, I didn't include this in my comments, but our EPS has been affected by about $0.12 for the year as it relates to FX. It's helped us on the cost side, but net of balance sheet changes as well as the revenue in the cost. Cost is about $0.12. And then we have close to $0.05 in there for the impact of the travel disruption because of the volcano. Frankly, we think we've seen good improvement. We baked it in and if you consider that we beat the first quarter by 60 basis points, second, third and fourth quarter have to be going up by more than 100 basis points to account for what I've been describing here.
Brian Rice: Robin, you're correct on the yield. We've provided guidance for yields to be up 4% to 5% for the year. If it weren't for the changes in the strength of the dollar since the end of January, that guidance would have been 5% to 6%.
Brian Rice: Robin, I just add that we've said for quite some time that onboard revenues and ticket yields seem to move in the same direction, with onboard revenues tending to be a little less volatile. Our onboard revenues in the first quarter were up a little less than 3%. And as I mentioned in my comments, ticket yields were up around 4.6%.
Brian Rice: Mickey, clearly, the way we intend to improve our credit metrics and our credit rating is through free cash flow. We mentioned that this year, we're expecting $1.5 billion in EBITDA. And I think Richard said before that if it weren't for last year, we would be viewing this year as a terrible year. As we begin to benefit from the new vessels that are coming in and we see some economic recovery in our CapEx dropping in half next year, we're going to have free cash flow that we intend to use to pay down debt. And as we look for our credit metrics to improve over time, it will clearly be through free cash flow.
Brian Rice: Well, clearly, our first goal is to achieve our weighted average cost of capital, and we're very focused on that as a high priority for ourselves. And I think we would have similar targets to other companies. We don't have a specific public target out there. As Richard alluded to, we have a short-term incentive to get that number up. But we also have a focus on the near term getting to exceed our weighted average cost of capital.
Brian Rice: Sure. I think I used the term in my comments that we're significantly booked ahead of where we were a year ago. I would say it is in the mid- to high-single digits in terms of load factor being that much over the prior year. We actually debated a lot about how much of the slides we wanted to show. And frankly, I think we've made the point of the recovery, and we didn't want to spend a lot of time on that. We wanted to get to your questions more quickly, and we continue to see a gradual improvement throughout the year.
Brian Rice: Assia, we haven't given you Q3. I would say directionally, you're probably not far off. Clearly, we're looking at Q2 and Q3 being the easier comparables for the year. We also, I would say, there's probably more pressure from the dollar strength in Q3 than other quarters given the amount of European sourcing that we have in that quarter. But I think we've tried to be very transparent and clear here. We're not back to pre-recession demand levels, although we feel better about the environment each day. And I think, as Richard alluded to, we've turned the corner and we're seeing a steady, gradual improvement.
Brian Rice: The first quarter onboard revenues, as I tried to allude to in my comments, when we -- our public P&L, we clearly break out ticket revenue. And then we have onboard and other. Onboard was actually up a little less than 3%. What's driving the decline in the total there is we had pretty good cancellation charges last year in the first quarter when we were in the post-market meltdown. We had some large group cancellations that we had benefited from. And our Spanish tour operation, we've actually scaled back a little bit. We have been much more focused on the profitability in that area, and we found some of the tours that we were offering were not generating profits. So we terminated those tours. So that's what's causing that change. In terms of the balance of the fleet, yes, the new ships are doing quite well in commanding very nice premiums. We said on our last call that the balance of the fleet was actually slightly positive, and we've continued to see improvement in the balance of the fleet, specifically on some of the developmental itineraries. As I alluded to in my comments, virtually, every single one of our major product groups we're seeing yield improvement in 2010.
Brian Rice: Samir, clearly, we have the investment in the vast majority of our ships already. And the ships that are under construction, we're not going to change the cost of those. We spent a little more on our ships, and we think we deliver better ships. I think clearly, we need to see improvements in revenue. We've taken a lot of action on the cost side. The brands are working very hard on their deployment strategies. We've invested a lot in these developmental itineraries, and we're seeing good momentum on them. We have a very high category mix with more balconies on the newer vessels, and we're seeing that they're commanding premium. We have a very specific plan within each of our brands to get the returns up there, and projecting where we need to get to. And when we find things that either markets or itineraries or ships that are not performing, we have a clear mandate to figure out how to turn those around.
Brian Rice: Samir, we haven't announced any new builds. And I think it's premature to address any of that right now. We haven't talked about what brands we're building for. And clearly, we get it that you have to affect things through the numerator and the denominator. We are clearly focused on making sure that any investment we make are going to provide the types of returns that we need.
Brian Rice: Ian, I think the best way to answer that is if we had '08 revenues today with the cost structure that we have in place, our ROIC would probably be in the range of about 8%, which is still clearly not where it needs to be. But I think our focus, again, on making sure that we're competing in the right markets with the right vessels and the right itineraries is a major focus of how we're going to get that up to where it needs to be.
Brian Rice: Well, Miranda, it looks like we've worked through the queue of questions. So I'd like thank everyone for joining us today. And Ian will be available throughout the day, if any one has any more questions. And with that, we wish you a great day. Thank you.
Richard Fain: I think the one thing when I made the comments in '09 about possibly doing more on dealing with the existing fleet, we've earlier announced that we are Solsticizing some of the older Celebrity ships, to bring -- roll back some of the things from the Solstice and to other ships. And we have found those kinds of investments very effective. And I think it is possible that we will be looking at more of those in the future. And that could have, at the margins, some impact on our CapEx forecast as we look at those kinds of things. And that also will depend a little bit, relating also to new building.
Richard Fain: And then, Tim, addressing your second question on Spain, the good news is, as you pointed out, I had said last time that Spain has stabilized and it has. And in fact, we are a little bit ahead of budget with respect to Spain. The bad news is that it's stabilized at a terrible level, and the Spanish economy, frankly, doesn't show a lot of signs of improvement yet. So I think we think that is likely to be one of the last to recover. And I think our forecast are predicated on assumption that Spain will continue to be miserable for a while. Sorry to be so blunt.
Richard Fain: Yes, it is a major focus throughout the company. And one of the things that we did do this year was to make it a bigger part of the explicit bonus calculation for 2010. And so there's no question, that tends to focus people's attention, which I think was already well focused here. But I think that added to communicating that and making that a part of everybody's consideration throughout the company.
Richard Fain: Well, I'll just comment on the volcano, which I won't try to pronounce either. The vast bulk of that is a revenue hit, and I'll ask -- and it will essentially all be in the same quarter. And I'll ask Adam to comment on the Oasis onboard revenue.
Richard Fain: And Robin, on the issue of the ash cloud, I think the impact was bigger than we first thought it was going to be. Early on, we were pleased that so many people made it to the ships who were in areas where you begin to wonder whether they could. But the knock-on costs sort of came into play, and then it took longer -- speaking as somebody who was trapped on one side of the pond versus the other, it was longer and it just had somewhat more impact than at first we were thinking it might. So it ended up -- and we think it will be less than $0.05, but it's sort of edging up towards that number.
Adam Goldstein: This is Adam, Greg. It appears that the booking situation has normalized, and people understand that, that was a bizarre and apparently one-of-a-kind event. And I think, from a European source perspective, it probably has made a drive to cruise opportunities to even appear that much more valuable than they may have otherwise seemed. So we're still looking forward to a positive European season.
Adam Goldstein: Yes, Tim, we commented, several of us, on the positive progress of our developmental products. Two of the six ships I referenced were in Brazil during the season, and they both have successful seasons. I think I mentioned previously on another call that this was the first season that we had a company office driving the marketing and sales programs in Brazil to support those products, and we were quite pleased with how it turned out. For this next season starting in December, it's far too early to tell.
Adam Goldstein: In short, her performance is the best in the fleet on onboard revenue, and it is relatively the most positive compared to the expectations that we had for the year. So it has proven to be an even stronger onboard revenue generator than we had foreseen than we were pretty optimistic before.
Adam Goldstein: Well, I wouldn't confine that examination to onboard spend. Clearly, there are a lot of learning from Oasis with respect to both guest features and onboard spend potential, which we are evaluating with respect to how we might contribute those features or opportunities elsewhere in the fleet. But we don't have anything to say at this junction.
Adam Goldstein: It is true that we certainly know a lot more about operating the class of ships going into the second ship than we did for the first, because it was such a revolutionary concept. But I would say those types of opportunities are at the margin of performance. Fundamentally, they're the same ship being operated in the same way. And then on the first question with regards to pricing, I mean clearly, these two ships have been for sometime commanding significant premiums to anything else that's in the Caribbean, certainly, with any of the year-round ships that are in the Caribbean that they compete against, and we would expect for that to continue. It's still quite a ways from Allure being in service. So we'll have to see as we get closer to the season exactly what those premiums prove out to be. But fairly, both ships are in very strong revenue-generating mode.
Adam Goldstein: Well, there's a doubling of the capacity of that class of ships to be sure, as you pointed out. There maybe some effects of that. But what we're seeing in the marketplace is very strong premiums for these two ships compared to anything else that is there.
Adam Goldstein: Steve, on your question with regard to our Direct business, it's in the mid to high teens for our Caribbean, Celebrity and Azamara brands. And it's been growing slowly. We would probably expect that to be the case going into the future, as people prefer different channels to reach us and consumers get more knowledgeable about the cruise product, both here and in the world. But it's very clear at the same time that we predominantly depend on travel agents to distribute our products, and we will continue to depend on them for the foreseeable future.
Adam Goldstein: It's quite well distributed across the markets that I mentioned earlier. This, of course, is not exactly the same in every case. But in general, the ships collectively and individually had very pleasing winter seasonal performance in terms of the North American winter season.
Adam Goldstein: It's not really so much capacity than does the effect of currency being more on Europe point of source. So in local pricing terms, we're really just seeing positive development in both areas. I have mentioned earlier, we're happy with where we're seeing from North American point-of-sale. For European cruises, the yield outlook there is very positive for our brands. And in Europe, we're seeing positive yield development even in spite of the foreign currency pressures, which shows that in constant dollars, the performance in Europe point-of-sale is also favorable.
