Jason T. Liberty: Well, I'll start off and thank you for the – thanks for the second quarter beat. I would say as it relates to our guidance, whether it's in the quarter or for the fourth quarter or for the balance of the year, this is kind of based off of where we see our book position, how bookings are coming in. I would not – and I would caution the word conservative, I would just say that we really do try to provide our guidance based off of the best information we have at the time.
Jason T. Liberty: Okay. I'll start off with the $300 million. As we've said for some time, the way that we look at share repurchasing as opportunistically and I think you will continue to see us behave in that way. So there's not any type of specific timing. Obviously we are always conscious about our debt structure or our capital structure and our leverage ratios and kind of making sure that we maintain our discipline as being investment-grade credit. But that's kind of more – that combined with us as being opportunistic on the share price is how we will continue to proceed on the share repurchase side. And I'll let Richard answer his personal question.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes, well, one area, I mean I think that's exactly right. When you look at on a quarter – especially at the time of a call, I mean we're certainly north of 95% booked for the third quarter and it's pretty linear going to the fourth quarter. And so I think obviously going into this our confidence is strong but, again, it's based off of the best information we have at this point in time. And that's why we did take up our yield guidance for the back half of the year by 25 basis points.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes, so first, as you – in our shoes, and you're talking about outward periods, especially like 2019 and saying that we're at record levels on a rate and volume basis, your further out products are certainly in that consideration. And Europe is certainly in that consideration and the consumer that books further out is really the North American consumer. I would say that if we could probably do 2018 over again, which probably would mean setting our deployment in 2016, we would certainly want to have more capacity in Europe than in other products because strength in North American consumers for Europe is exceptionally strong and we've even seen even further strength year-over-year from the European consumer for European products. So while next year capacity is elevated in Europe relative to the other products, we certainly believe that demand is there to meet that supply or more exceed that. And that's right. That is in our book position very much in the consideration is the North Americans booking in advance. A lot of time they do that because of air fare. They book in advance for their European vacations for the following year.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes, it's actually the balance of both. As Richard said, both quarters are higher than we had anticipated them being, and of course, some of the trends that we're seeing, especially around Europe, is underpinning our confidence in those increases in those quarters, this quarter and next quarter.
Jason T. Liberty: I mean it's pretty – I think it's interesting when you look at the Caribbean really through the course of this year. I know there's been a lot of chatter about it or concerns about it. But the Caribbean is really booked as we expected for this year and I think you have things obviously as we add more shorter product that is something that can weigh on yields. But when you look at the like-for-like outside of what we talked about last time, which was Puerto Rico, it's continuing to book in line with our expectations, which we had from earlier this year.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes, sure. So on the interest and D&A side, the interest side, you can annualize the $0.06 and the $0.06 is based off of the purchase price date, which was July 31. So that you can annualize. On the D&A side, it's too early to comment on that because we need to go through the purchase accounting activities to build up the balance sheet for Silversea onto our books and that's something that will impact what the D&A will be. So we will come back to everybody, likely in the third quarter call, on some expectations as well as also what yields will look like and costs will look like for the balance of this year and some dialogue about that in the following year. On the other income side, this really relates to a series of – or a few gains that relate to our joint ventures and that's really what's driving that year-over-year difference in the other income and expense line.
Jason T. Liberty: Well, we are – and the way that our revenue management practices work and we are constantly measuring our booking activity relative to our curves. So I do think we believe that we are optimally harvesting that demand as it comes in. But it is something that we continue to debate, as Richard has said in his comments, that should we, especially around certain categories, push out when we're selling some of this inventory versus bringing more and more of it onto our books earlier, is something that is constantly debated internally. But I do think that we feel that we are – it's not perfect, but optimally harvesting the demand that's coming in.
Jason T. Liberty: Well I would, first, I think the 3.4% implied that you're talking about is a little higher than I – at least my math tells me, but I mean it's somewhere in the ballpark. I think that obviously we're lapping a lot of noise on Q4. We have a little bit more Europe in Q4 and as I think we talked about, China is doing quite well. So I think that stuff that is underpinning our confidence in the fourth quarter. I think going into the year there's a lot of great tailwinds especially as Edge comes in, which comes in the latter part of the fourth quarter. We have more Symphony in the year and then we have Spectrum and Pursuit coming into the picture. So I think there's a lot of things that are underpinning just on a hardware standpoint, yield growth and we're seeing that certainly in – in terms of confidence in the first half of the year where we obviously have more on the books than we do in the back half of the year of 2019.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes, sure. Sure. Great question. Well, so as you said, there's the $1 billion investment that we made into Silversea. There are two new builds that are on order. And then the balance, which is around $600 million really relates to investments and modernization of our fleet. Technology related investments, investments into the destinations, especially things like Perfect Day that we're planning on investing a little bit more money into. That's really – and then there's just rounding. These numbers round. So if we trip over $50 million you're rounding up.
Jason T. Liberty: Absolutely. First, I mean we're very fortunate that we have a very strong brand, very strong assets and we even add more of that strength in assets when we add Spectrum next year and we have a team that has been there on the ground for a long period of time that's very experienced and what they've been able to do over the past year or two is really diversify the distribution more and more every day, which gives us more ability to manage that inventory and also sell additional products like shore excursions that we weren't able to before. And then I think obviously we want to continue to evolve that and we want to continue to evolve the destinations that are in that area. And we've been very successful with getting Chinese consumers to sail for longer periods of time to more marquee ports, for example, like Tokyo. That has been quite helpful. And also that team and that market has also focused on being more fly crews. So all those things kind of combined has put us in a very, I think, enviable position in China for a consumer that really appreciates the brand and appreciates the assets that they're going on and I think that's – has played out well for us so far this year and as I said, our outlook on 2019, again, while still early in terms of how we're seeing the bookings coming in has been quite positive.
Jason T. Liberty: Okay, yes. So on the Q4 side, I mean we will obviously guide when it's time. I was just commenting that the 3.4% was a little bit off my math, though I would not in any way point to it being 6% in any way. Now, as it relates to Silversea, there is – the only thing that is in our guidance as it relates to Silversea is the $0.06 in earnings impact from interest expense. So that's a – it's a negative impact to our earnings that's in our guide. There is nothing in our yield, there is nothing in our cost, there is nothing in our earnings, but as I said in my remarks, we do expect that it's going to improve our yields certainly in the fourth quarter and will also elevate our yields for the full year as this is a very high yielding product that will be incorporated into our metrics. So that's how I would – there's nothing more to read into that and of course as we add those things, we will – we typically do provide transparency in terms of what those impacts are.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah. So in our yield guidance or in our cost guidance, TUI is not consolidated into those numbers, so it's below the line. But what's driving the outperformance on the equity side or the equity pick-up side, TUI is doing – TUI and Pullmantur are doing very well. And of course those are total European and very nationalistic sourced products. So we're very happy with how they're performing and as I also commented on our broader business, the European consumer is also continuing to show strength for cruise and they're having to compete with the North American consumer mainly for that inventory.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes, I don't have it broken out. We can certainly help do that in terms of nationalistic versus non-nationalistic. But I mean what you said was well-said. There are lots of cruise lines and markets that really do not impact how Royal Caribbean or Celebrity or Azamara trades on a day-to-day basis. We are obviously very happy with how well TUI Cruises is doing, but there is the reality that there is not a passenger on TUI Cruises that sails on Royal Caribbean or Celebrity or vice versa. It's a very focused, nationalistic product that has really found a great niche for itself. But that is – I think that's exactly right. There's a lot of the supply growth that's in the consideration for the industry that does not really impact us or many of the major players.
Jason T. Liberty: Sure. So one, as it relates to Silversea, I mean we're not – I mean we closed on this a few days ago and obviously there's Chinese walls that are up during the regulatory process so we will be prepared to talk about that more on the next call. They do have a similar mix in terms of where their guests come from and where our guests come from, even though obviously the Royal Caribbean and Celebrity and Azamara source from probably a few more markets today in which Silversea will certainly be able to take advantage of. So they have a similar mix. But of course on the deployment standpoint, we today go to about 550 different destinations and Silversea goes to over 1,000. So it is a very different product going to very different destinations, which we're very excited about having them part of the family now. As it relates to other income and expense, we were expecting those in the quarter. They were a little bit better than we had expected them to be and they are not contemplated in the back half of the year. Really what's raising the guidance in the back half of the year is mainly the improvement expectations and revenue helping offset currency and fuel increases.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes and James, I just want to add that everything that Richard said, I mean certainly whether it's perception, whether there were some logistical issues and so forth, because of the storms and – it is remarkable how well it has recovered and the impact, every dollar to us is painful but we're really talking on the margins here and there really was kind of more the focus on Puerto Rico than on the broader Caribbean or the broader Eastern Caribbean and that was a lot of it because it's tough to get everybody in and out all in one day because a lot of the hotels were taken up by people who were using them as residence. Air fare was a little bit more challenging and that's been restored. With all that was going on and all the impact to the island, I think it is pretty remarkable how small the impact has been on the Caribbean.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes, I won't go into too much detail on the quarter, but I will say that our commentary on the full year very much relates to what we're seeing in the first quarter of 2019 as well.
Jason T. Liberty: Great. Okay. Thank you for your assistance today, Thea, and we thank all of you for your participation and interest in the company. Carola will be available for any follow-ups you might have and we wish you all a very great day.
Richard D. Fain: Steve, I think I'd like to just add. Remember, last year we had a particularly exuberant third quarter and when we made our forecast for the quarter, we're ahead, actually, of – the guidance we're giving out now is actually ahead of where we thought we would be at the beginning of the year. So the year's actually progressed very nicely. The second quarter beat was really a surprise to us. That can happen. You do have quarters where there's a sudden surge in last minute bookings and that did happen in this last quarter. And that's lovely. But it's absolutely unpredictable and, frankly, it's a little bit – it was a surprise to us.
Richard D. Fain: Thank you, Jason. Thank you, Steve. I don't usually like to comment on these things, but I think it's not a surprise to anybody that I would put in place some sort of regular program to sell as just from a – on a state point of view. And I put that in place quite a while ago. But when the share price went to levels that, frankly, I couldn't understand, I just couldn't continue to maintain that. Frankly, this has happened in the past. We do see this. The market anticipates things differently than we do and we've seen the market in the past drop down and stuff like that, and frankly, a few times that's happened and I've gone in and bought. I can't now. I'm not allowed to because of the 10b something program, but I certainly didn't have to continue to sell and so I stopped that.
Richard D. Fain: Yes, you know Felicia, it's interesting because you talk about conceptual issues and we do understand that. So we have to relate back to our own forecasts and what our own expectations have been and we're really just seeing both for this year, which you asked on next year, which I know you're also interested in, we're just looking at really quite strong markets. And we're just not – our own forecast just are a little more bullish about how that's doing and as I say, we're coming in, you specifically mentioned the third quarter, we're coming in actually a little ahead of where we thought we would be at this time.
Richard D. Fain: Yes, David, I think – and that also comes back to Harry's question about what we would be planning on looking forward. Last year's hurricane season was unusual on several levels, both the amount of storms, but really particularly the exact places that they went, which were particularly impactful for us. So we had the worst year we've ever had with respect to hurricanes and obviously we're not expecting that to reoccur. But it did have an impact on the consumer sentiment. It also had an impact, actually, on the forward bookings because we had a period of time last fall where bookings simply essentially dropped for that one – that period while we were in the midst of the storms and the midst of the immediate aftermath. And it did begin to recover quite quickly, but then it really did seem to have the kind of impact you're talking about that was more than we anticipated. And so we do think that it has impacted us this year, both -- I think more of the concern would be the destinations be less attractive and also would there be more storms. I think it took longer to recover, but I think we have now seen, we think, it largely recover, looking forward to lapping that period, which we'll do this fall. But I think you're right, it did take longer, it did have more of an impact, but we think that impact is very much not completely gone, but very much dissipated as of now.
Richard D. Fain: And Robin, just to take the corollary of that, while Europe is growing a lot and some of that is, as you say, really not comparable, within that growth and within when we look at 2019, I think part of the reason that we are feeling so good about 2019 is because some of the unusual products that we now have. So Symphony of the Seas, which we will now have for the full year next year is just a homerun. Celebrity Edge is just performing brilliantly and it comes in at the end of this year but we get essentially 11 months of a new ship that's going in a very different category and everything else. And Azamara Pursuit, which actually just started working this week, is doing extremely well. So I think there are two factors, even though the total is growing significantly, as you say, part of the growth is non-comparable from a negative side, that is the German or the Pullmantur kind of passenger, but also we have some unique positives that are driving us more than simple normal supply/demand.
Richard D. Fain: So, well, we always learn. That's one of the fun things about our business is we learn from every experience, whether it's good or bad. I think actually we felt our response last year was really ended up being quite good and probably built up a fair amount of goodwill from the way we handled it, and I'm not sure that from a purely financial point of view, we learned much that would significantly change the outcome if you had, again, a hurricane that exactly tracked our ships' itinerary and exactly hit the ports of calls on the days that they would be the most impactful. So we constantly try and learn and obviously there are always some lessons to be learned. But overall I think we felt that last year we did pretty well. I do think, though, that people should be impressed with how well the destinations responded afterwards. These were horrific events for them, but now people are reporting back and the travel agents, which are always an important source of information as well as Internet chatter, shows how well they've recovered. And I think that may help us a little bit in terms of assuaging the concern that people had that if they went to some of these destinations afterwards, they would encounter a bad experience and that simply hasn't been the case. So I think if there is a silver lining, it's that people would understand better that the islands do recover more quickly. On the other hand, if we have another really terrible season, probably that would have a negative simply because what we had last year was so extraordinary and so you wouldn't want to see anything other than that didn't repeat itself.
Richard D. Fain: By the way, it actually gives me a chance to comment because the one thing that it did, which wasn't news to many of us, but it really reinforced and demonstrated just how amazing the response of our employees was. The crew, the shore-based people in terms of responding to that did an outstanding job. So your question gives me a chance to say a thank you to them.
Richard D. Fain: Yes, so, great, first of all, the two examples I gave were not intended to be specific to 2019. They were just examples why relying too much on this one metric can lead you down a wrong path. In fact, if you recall, in both of the last two Januaries I've said that I thought we may have just from a strategic point of view booked too much in advance and then I thought we were at record levels of bookings in coming year and I didn't expect it to rise and yet it did rise because our revenue management models told us in this environment that was the right thing. In terms of our making the choice coming back to the first of those two, do we hold back inventory more or less because of what we expect, that's a constant give and take and that's a judgment that our revenue managers make on an ongoing basis. And I didn't mean to be talking about that as it related to 2019. The other one though, and it's interesting you mentioned it, is a factor for 2019. For example, we do have more short-term bookings which would – one would expect to book later and, therefore, actually you're right, that would be an even more positive factor in terms of our outlook. So other things being equal, given more short-term capacity, you would expect your bookings to be less than last year because short-term books later. And so the fact that we are booked more despite that factor could be read, I think, appropriately as even a more positive message there. But I do want to emphasize, I was trying to give examples of the kind of reasons why that single metric shouldn't be looked at by itself, but as one of the cornucopia of information that's available to us as we make our forecasts about the next year.
