Adam M. Goldstein: Greg, it's Adam. I would say it's been overall pretty consistent. I mean, clearly throughout recent months, there have been a lot of promotional -- there has been a lot of promotional activity. We've discussed in the past that -- and basically expect to see promotional activity throughout the revenue cycles. And I would not say that anything has dramatically accelerated in the last few weeks.
Adam M. Goldstein: Okay. Well, to sort of take your questions in reverse there, we understand the European booking behaviors. And as with pretty much every area of the world, people tend to book closer to the cruise if the cruise is nearer to where they live. So it isn't unusual this year that Europeans would be booking their Q3 cruises, for example, closer to the time than North Americans, for whom that booking decision will be a very significant decision that they would take further out. So I wouldn't say that, that is any kind of new driver of what's transpiring in Europe this summer. The 10% capacity decrease that we as a company have in Europe, I'm sure has had something to do because -- with this -- because for example, in the Southern European countries where their decrease was -- and capacity was even more pronounced, we've been able to handle the challenges of the marketplace better than we probably would have otherwise been able to do if we had our previous capacity there. So there's definitely an interrelationship between how we've managed our capacity down and our ability to generate positive yield for this year. And we look forward to in the future. Hopefully, Europe will progress back towards where it was a few years back.
Adam M. Goldstein: Richard, it's Adam. I just wanted to start with your question with respect to shipboard revenue. There's nothing particularly notable going on with shipboard revenue as it relates to our European cruises. The improvement that we've seen is ticket price improvement.
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, Richard, other things being equal, higher ticket revenues are probably a positive for higher onboard revenues, but we will never know onboard revenues until the sailings happen. We really only talk about onboard revenues looking backwards because we're not able to book them forward.
Adam M. Goldstein: Steve, yes, I meant to say before that if by any chance I address any of you as senator, I apologize for that. Well, clearly, we had a very interesting dialogue yesterday. The overwhelming majority of that dialogue was around consumer protection, the decision of the major cruise lines to begin voluntarily reporting of all allegations of crime wherever they may occur in the world on our ships beginning August 1. And that's what almost -- actually, that is what all of the questions were about that were asked of us. I think your note comes from the fact that at the very end, in fact, in Senator Rockefeller's closing remark, he mentioned that he would be producing or proposing a piece of legislation that would address what he terms something like the closing of a tax loophole that our industry enjoys. Obviously, we will take any proposed legislation that he comes forward with very seriously. We've been very, very transparent for many years about our tax postures since -- at least since we went public over 20 years ago. What Senator Rockefeller is apparently referring to as a loophole is something that's been fairly entrenched in U.S. tax law going back many decades, it's been carefully reviewed by Congress with very small changes made as recently as 2003. The U.S. is already anomalous, in taxing shipping [ph] income more heavily than in virtually every other developed country of the world. Our ships spend less than 10% of their time in U.S. waters. And the political environment makes any legislation difficult to achieve as we can all see every single day. So as I say, we'll take it very seriously. But I would say it's extraordinary preliminary at this point to even understand what he has in mind. So we'll see.
Adam M. Goldstein: Jaime, it's Adam. I think don't think of so much that we're seeing weakness. I believe we've mentioned in the previous quarters that as Australia has grown, and it's important in the industry, there's been fairly substantial industry-wide capacity increases there. We have put more ships there. And naturally, that has had some downward pressure on yields. But I would say the market this year has developed roughly in accordance with our expectations for how it would go. Australia is a very attractive southern summer market for us. We have a strong presence there with both for our Caribbean and Celebrity. We did expect pressure on yields this year from the capacity increases. And we're looking forward to be playing a prominent role on that market going forward in the future.
Adam M. Goldstein: There hasn't been any effect on Oasis or Allure, nor would we expect any with Quantum being operating out of a New York base. We're really looking to improve our presence in the northeast catchment market. Not that there's anything wrong with Explorer of the Seas, but we're incredibly excited about what Quantum of the Seas will bring to cruising in that area and to our brand. It's too early to comment anything about Quantum yield from a share booking standpoint. The initial reaction to her adjusted for capacity was even more exciting than the initial reaction to Oasis. Now that might have been because of the time we released Oasis, the market couldn't quite comprehend what it was all about. And because of the fantastic success of the Oasis class ships, it's built up people's enthusiasm for what we might do next to even higher levels. And I think when we revealed the features of Quantum of the Seas in April, the market felt that its expectations of us were more than justified. And they can't wait to be on board. So I can really only comment on the early booking numbers. Right now, it's very promising. And with 3 of these wonderful ships coming to us over the next few years, we expect them to be a very powerful element of our fleet.
Brian J. Rice: Greg, I would just add that the largest capacity decreases were in the Mediterranean. And that's where we're seeing the largest increases in the yields, both in the West and the Eastern Med. And I think, given the current situation, we are happy that we reduced that capacity.
Brian J. Rice: Richard, it's Brian. The mid-single digits that I alluded to was on a ticket perspective. The commentary I did was strictly around ticket. To answer your question about where we are in Europe versus '08, we are high-single digits off where we were in '08.
Brian J. Rice: Steve, it's Brian. As you said, it's extremely early in the process. I will tell you, we're feeling pretty good about the first quarter. We have very strong load factors. Our pricing is up slightly. As we look out beyond Q2, the numbers are really too small to extrapolate. But I will say that in all our quarters in 2014, our load factors and APDs are running ahead of where they were a year ago. But again, it's way too early to extrapolate from that, particularly Europe.
Brian J. Rice: Sure. Assia, we tried to be very transparent in our commentary. I said less than 1 percentage point in the back half the year. We actually lowered our ticket revenue by 90 basis points in the second half of the year. And that's a combination predominantly of China and a little bit of softness in the Caribbean. And again, I just want to emphasize, we're talking about 90 basis points. And Robin asked the question about how we do the forecast and Richard talked about a lot of the discussions and the analysis that goes into this. In some cases, where we have a better feel for a market, we will lean on more current pricing. And we'll also look at the trend analysis. And frankly, I think we anticipated that Alaska had a terrific beginning of the year. And it was unlikely to continue at that trajectory. So we projected out a little bit and handicapped that a little bit more when we gave you our April guidance. So there's a lot of work that goes into this. And I want to emphasize, we're really talking about rounding errors in terms of the sort of the change that we made. And I think the important thing is, while we took the second half revenues down 90 basis points, we've been able to more than offset that with cost savings.
Brian J. Rice: Tim, I'll take the first part of the question. Our booking window has been expanding, I think, pretty universally. I think, I just like the preference. I do think too much gets read into the booking window. But it is moving in a positive direction by most people's perceptions. And again, that's pretty much across the board. I think the Caribbean pricing pressure is, yes, I just -- I want to emphasize. I think way too much is being read into the fact that we've called out the Caribbean. We know that there's been a lot of discussion about this. Ian has been getting a lot of calls about what are we seeing in the Caribbean. So we wanted to specifically address it. We are seeing changes on the margin. And I think we will continue. As Adam alluded to, this is just part of the booking cycle. There are ups and downs and puts and takes that constantly occur. So I don't think when we've called this out, we're talking about anything structural in the Caribbean.
Brian J. Rice: Frankly, I think it's probably more centered around the fall, which is something we would normally see this time of year. The fourth quarter is traditionally the harder period to try to sell inventory because the kids are going back to school. But it's something you expect every year. It's a dynamic that occurs. And we're not -- we constantly monitor this, and we see new promotions everyday. But again, it's nothing out of the ordinary. And it's nothing structural. I'll ask Adam or Richard to take the second part.
Brian J. Rice: Felicia, we're basing that -- well, first, I do want to point out in my commentary, I did say despite the current pressures in the Caribbean, we are seeing year-over-year pricing improvement. And I think it's important to recognize that. In talking about 2014, again, I want to emphasize, it is still extremely early in the process. But based on the current order book that we're seeing in all quarters and the current booking trends that we're taking in for 2014 business, and as I think Richard alluded to, right now, we're taking the lion's share of our business coming in as -- for 2014. We're feeling good about making a statement and putting it out there that it should be a year-for-yield improvement. But we've not gotten any more specific than that.
Jason Liberty: Robin, it's Jason. As it relates to the Affinity card, it is accumulative catch-up. So it does relate to the past several years. And that's how it inched up on...
Jason Liberty: On the cost side, Richard, this is Jason. On these profitability initiatives, we really are in the early stages of our operating planning process. So to come out with any specific impact as it relates to those costs would really be premature.
Jason Liberty: No. On the marketing and technology side, I think our guidance there is still very consistent. I think where the cost savings are coming from are really kind of broad-based. But like I said in my earlier discussion that it's really -- it's meant [ph] not touch marketing efforts, technology or the guest experience in terms of where the cost savings were coming through the year. It's more addressing the overall global footprint of the organization.
Jason Liberty: Assia, this is Jason. I think the guidance that we gave on Q3 does reflect our feelings around risk on whether it's on ticket or onboard. And I think that we -- the programs that we've implemented on the onboard perspective are not aspirational. A lot of it is structural in nature, whether it's new venues we've added onto the vessels or new contracts that we might have with our concessionaires and packages that we're offering. So it's not something that's aspirational in nature. It's actually -- there's pretty strong foundation for the improvement.
Jason Liberty: That's right. It's basically all cost-saving efforts that we've put forward versus the revenue decline.
Jason Liberty: Sure. It's Jason again here. We are very active in multiple refinancing activities to address our upcoming maturities. And yesterday, we launched 2 facilities in the bank market. I mean, and there'll most likely be some additional activity there. So I think we're quite comfortable that in the short term, we will basically be resolving our upcoming maturities. And clearly, as we go through the forward-looking period, taking free cash flow to pay down debt will certainly be one of the alternatives that we evaluate.
Jason Liberty: Thank you for your assistance today, Shaira. And we thank all of you for your participation and interest in the company. Ian will be available for any follow-ups you might have. And with that, I wish you all a great day.
Richard D. Fain: And with respect to the competitive pressures, one of the comments we've made in the past is, this is a very complex business and we have swings and roundabouts in the areas all over the place. We -- no market is ever consistent over time. And you get rises and falls in periods of time. I think we have been actually remarkably accurate over time in terms of predicting what the numbers will be. But I also think that there's sometimes an overestimate of just how accurate one can be. I did mention that we have had more competitiveness in the last few weeks and -- But as Adam said, there's nothing particularly unusual about that. I think we would put that into the category in the normal swings and roundabouts. But with respect to your specific question as to whether our forward guidance is based on exactly what we're seeing now as opposed to just of the static of what our -- what's on the books today, our revenue management process is a very dynamic one. And we take into account every scrap of information we have from everywhere. And when we make our predictions for this, and an it's really intense effort that a lot of people are involved in, we take into account all the latest information that we can get from all the sources. So that would definitely include our commentary on the competitive activities. I think what you have to say is you're focusing a little bit on the negative side of what I said. And actually, there are negative things taking place in some of our markets. But the interesting thing is that overall, from a business point of view, we're actually seeing that this year has been and will be better than we thought in January or in January when we announced our earnings, in April when we give guidance and then most recently, at the end of May when we gave guidance. So I think we're trying to take into account all the factors when we give this guidance, not the static situation.
Richard D. Fain: I'll have to go back and check exactly what I said. But I think I was particularly focusing on that because we had noticed that in particular. And quite frankly, we've seen in a lot of your reports from calling around that you've seen some of that. And I think what we were trying to do was put that in the perspective of the total market. And yes, that has been more competitive in the last few weeks. And, well, the markets have reacted differently. And as you say, it's always a balance of some things going better and some things going worse. And we try and predict the best we can based on all of those factors.
Richard D. Fain: I do think maybe it's -- maybe we shouldn't do this so much, but we try and point out where is where we think we've been quite a bit off. And as you pointed out, Assia, in China, that was a single big hit. But we've also got a lot of successes in other areas. And so the net result of all that is that we're actually -- the markets have, in total, have been stronger than our guidance. I think the other thing that's probably reflected in our thought process is while we're ending up slightly better than we thought, we really hoped to do a lot better than we thought. And so it's -- and from that perspective, we here are still disappointed in the outcome even if it's marginally better than the guidance because we really felt that this was a year in which we should have -- we had much more upside potential than downside.
Richard D. Fain: Yes. With respect to the second part of your question, I think it's an interesting dynamic in our business that when you do take delivery of a new ship, it's not -- it's all at once. Many industries, when you have growth, it's a thousand little pieces. And in our case, it's a very binary type of move. And so I think that does make the individual years look different. Our view is we should look at this over a period of time on a strategic basis. And our objective was to have more moderated growth going forward. And while I -- frankly, it would be nice to be able to have each year be the exact same number. That just isn't the way any opportunities come up, and it isn't the way it happens with big chunks of new ships coming. With respect to older capacity and potential dispositions, it's somewhat the same thing there. It's even more opportunistic. I think the direction we're going in, and you've seen we've been successful. Even in a very difficult market, this has been an extraordinarily difficult market in the secondhand market. And yet we've had some success there. And I think, again, that will be, because that market tends to be opportunistic, that will also be more binary and a little less predictable as to when the things happen. So we tend to look at these things strategically over a number of years. And I think that's the way we will continue to look at it.
Richard D. Fain: Yes. We haven't -- what we said is low to mid-single digits and we -- yes, I think lumpiness is a good way to put it there. That will tend to happen in our business. Also, we're conscious of the fact that there's a big difference from a marketing point of view of whether you get a ship frankly in time to enjoy the spring and summer seasonal markets or whether you get it later in the year without that benefit. But yes, I think over time, we want a more moderate growth. And that probably means that this thing -- that to -- sorry, low to mid-single digit.
Richard D. Fain: Felicia, I will just address at least from a personal point of view that one of the items that you mentioned, which is the China-Japan situation. And that is unpredictable, of course. And we have no greater insight than anybody else. But if you look what is happening regionally in the area, I don't think one would read into that a lot of reasons of thinking that, that is going to suddenly resolve itself between now and then. So I think we're trying to be quite realistic about that. And I frankly think that's something we will have to deal with for a while. And at least in my own thinking, that's behind it. And yet, overall, when we're looking forward, we're feeling awfully good about the year.
Richard D. Fain: No. Well, I guess what I was simply pointing out, if you look at where we said we would be for the year, the only change that we're sort of highlighting is the foreign exchange and the Grandeur. And if you then say -- we started the year not expecting the negative kind of publicity that we all, as an industry, received. In any other environment, you would look at that and say, "Oh, well, it's been a bad year from a publicity point of view." That clearly has been driving yields down. And in fact, it has had a more negative impact on our sales than we originally expected it would. And so since we're ending the year from a business point of view, essentially on balance than where we originally said, that implies that other things in the market have actually performed better. And so that's what I was referring to. It's not the totality. But it's -- we effectively got to the same position in terms of profitability from the business despite an unexpected hit from that source.
