Richard Fain: Sure, Jared. So the impact from the delay in deployment was about $0.06 or $0.07 for the fourth quarter. Outside of that there's small little puts and takes that make up the balance but it's very immaterial.
Richard Fain: Steve it’s Richard here. And one of the things that we’ve tried to emphasize for the last three or four years is we put in place the Double-Double program with an idea that we want to motivate our team and focus our team on a particular target. But it wasn’t something and we’ve said this before that required heroic efforts. So we do need good cost control. We think we have been showing that. We do need moderate yield improvements. We think we’ve been showing that. And I think as you look to the Double-Double year obviously, it’s a complicated set of all the things that happened in our business, but as we simply look at where we are today with a moderate kind of yield improvements that we’re looking for we don’t think we need to do anything heroic to make the Double-Double and we continue to believe we’ll do it.
Richard Fain: So the beauty of having Steve, I think we’re not looking any further, it’s a reasonable question. It’s in fact something that we ask ourselves all the time and I did actually. I think I included in my comments something that the Double-Double is a step on the journey. We in terms of what comes after Double-Double, I don’t know whether there will be another program of that type or some other type. The Double-Double was really the focus on a particular phase in our history and I think it served that role very well. As we look at 2018, we do have a couple of things that are quite exciting. We do have the force of the Oasis Class ships. But I’d say even more so 2018 will show Edge Class and the Edge Class is a new class of ships, which I think in its own way will be as innovative and as transformation as Oasis has been. We’re very excited about it. We’ll probably be talking more about that early next year. But Celebrity really has been on the roll and I think we’ll see the benefits of that if it continues going away its going we’ll see the benefits of that in 2017 and 2018 and when Edge comes I think people are really going to be blown away. So I’m very excited 2018, but the importance of a program like Double-Double is to focus on a particular goal. And one of the things that’s been successful for us is everybody is focused on achieving the Double-Double in 2017 and so that’s our first one and I will be careful not to delve too much on what comes after.
Richard Fain: Dan, this is Richard, and I’ll just add a comment because we often get questions about trends of things that have changed, and it’s clear the questions are gear to is the world changing, is this the trend in the exogenous variables affecting us. But as Michael pointed out, we actually worked to change trends. So there are periods of time, where we for example as both Royal - as Michael said, both Royal and Celebrity made a conscious decision this year that there was a stronger opportunity, a good opportunity with first time cruisers. And so they actually focus more of their marketing, focus more on their message and they actually worked to build that. So when you look at a trend, it’s not just is the world changing, but to some extend it's also what we are doing to shift our customer base and then that some time messes up nice trend lines when you trying to extrapolate from external behavior.
Michael Bayley: Jared, it's Michael. Yes we're feeling pretty good about Caribbean, some things looking good both on volume and rate with the capacity increase and '16 shaping up pretty well. It looks very typical in terms of what we’re seeing with booking patents and Q4 as we've seen in previous years, so everything is looking quite normal. Obviously promotional activity ebbs and flows. We had Hurricane Mitch blowing through the week before last so we had about a week of a drop in bookings which is inevitable as it moved its way up the East Coast. And I think we did and other certainly try to stimulate the demand by putting in some promotional activity which then the responses was very good. We had a promotion last week which was the second best performing promotion in the brands history.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Robin, it's Michael. No, we have seen no impact whatsoever. We think it's very much related to the type of package that's offered that really is all about encouraging Chinese customers to go to Korea, specifically for shopping trips. And we think it's related to that. So the packages put into the markets that are incredibly low cost and of course they bring the customers over and make the revenue from the retail. So we feel as if that's something is very specifically focused. So we don't – we have not seen anything and we don't believe there'll be any impact to us.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Tim it’s Michael. Europe is looking quite good for 2017. When we look at our forward bookings obvious Eastern Med capacity is down versus last year and the year before. We’ve been aware of that. So it’s pretty all over Europe. So Northern Europe obvious is doing quite well and also Western Med. European market typically a later booking than the American market. It’s the American market that seems to be doing quite well at the momentum for Europe. And the British market surprisingly is quite robust. We were thinking that we’d see more of an impact. There is a little bit of an impact in onboard spend, but nothing really material.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Harry, it’s Michael. China is very much a developmental market. It’s we believe significant opportunity. We’ve been in the market for several years now. It represents about 9% of our overall capacity in 2017. Interestingly in 2017 for Royal our overall capacity in the China market is flat to slightly down because of the sale of Legend which takes it out of the secondary cities. And also for industry capacity in 2017, it’s actually relatively low growth year in relation to the past years, which is probably a good thing. And certainly in Shanghai which is 60% of the China market approximately the growth in 2017 in Shanghai is less than 10%, which is one of the lowest rates we’ve seen for quite some time. Overall China is accretive to yield and we’ll continue that way. And as Jason commented earlier, our current forward book position if Q1 China is looking good.
Michael Bayley: And I would also a pay attention to our free cash flow figures, since obviously that is a key factor in the Board's thought process.
Michael Bayley: Assia, it’s Michael. No I think we opened up earlier we’ve got marketing behind it. So I think we really were holding it late in '16 and hoping for some - for the itinerary change but we’re in a better position for 2017.
Michael Bayley: I think that there are several factors obviously Q1 on the yield side will have a positive impact from just a deconsolidation of Pullmantur. But also the strength that we’ve seen for Harmony and Ovation have been quite strong and Harmony will obviously be in the Caribbean and Ovation will be in Australia, and demand from both of those markets and for those products have been exceptional. So I wouldn’t necessarily say that it is obviously a tough comp because Q1 was strong. But there were some good tailwinds going into the first quarter.
Michael Bayley: Hi Dan, it’s Michael. $1.6 million new to cruise, that’s for globally and that's hallmark is obviously is disproportionate in terms of new emerging markets, for example China. In the United States, which of course is significant percentage of our overall business, approximately 50% and we’ve had a very productive year, this year we need to cruise and in fact over time it’s being slightly on the decline. This year, we've turned that around and we’ve seen a really positive increase in new to cruise and of course that’s a very much part of our focus is. New to cruise not only in merging new and developing markets, but also in established markets like the U.S. so we quite encouraged by what we’re seeing. And part of that the campaign that we launched at the beginning of the year and also Celebrity's campaign, both of those campaigns have components that are very much attractive to new to cruise and when you do the research on how our positioning and how we’re communicating, resonates with new to cruise, it’s very positive. So we’re beginning to see that coming through in our bookings.
Michael Bayley: Yes, on the evolution of distribution that something obviously that we’ve been focused on for a quite some time and journey that we’re taking. I think what we’re seeing is the beginnings of the development of distribution in terms of starting to narrow and look very much like the North American distribution model in terms of our focus very much is engaged in opening all channels to market and optimizing each channel that includes our wholesalers charter model, which we believe has done exceptionally well up to this point, and we’ll going to continue working with our charters, but we’re also developing direct, we’re also developing retail next cruise and that’s very much what we’ve been engaged in ever some time. So I think that’s the journey that we’re taking and over time we’ll see the mix balance out in a very similar way to the - of the markets, more developed markets.
Michael Bayley: Yes, I don’t think it’s a necessary education, I just think it’s - there’s been less events that turned off to consumers last year and as I said before is allowing them to revisit the opportunity to go to beautiful and great destination in Europe. I think that’s probably more what it is versus anything specifically we’re doing in terms of education.
Michael Bayley: Well, I mean the only I could quantify is that we’re having both rate and volumes next year relative to same time last year.
Michael Bayley: Thank you for assistance Victoria with the call today. And we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Carol will be available for any follow-up questions you might have and we all wish you a great day. Take care.
Jason Liberty: But I think I would leave at this point with saying that I think we've shown over the past several years’ management's commitment to cost control, and try to become more efficient year-over-year.
Jason Liberty: Sure. Well, first half when we kind of think about next year, it’s obviously too early to provide any guidance and any guidance by products. But we do have as we have where we are currently booked, a commentary on Asia-Pac, which really at this point in the year. We have pretty good visibility into the first quarter, it's been encouraging. And hopefully those trends continue on as that product – on books further out here over time. And then when we talk about the Caribbean and but I also include Europe in there, at this point in time in the year a lot of that is driven by the North American consumers, and as I commented in my remarks that we have seen very positive trends in both rate and volume basis for the Caribbean as well as for our European products. And then to answer your question, on the currency side certainly the strength in the dollar relative to the pound has been challenging. If you want to say what is it's kind of been since the last call it's probably you heard us by about $0.12 to $0.15. And so there are always headwinds in our business that we have to focus on and overcome. But that's kind of been the impact since the last time we spoke here in early August.
Jason Liberty: Yes, I mean there is obviously deconsolidation. There is the benefit and that's respectively kind of included in that estimate of the 250 basis points in the first half of the year. The balance of that for the year is a material as it relates to the management fee. So it's a small contributor, but not something I'll specifically call out in the build-up of the yield.
Jason Liberty: So obviously, as we were considering the deployment for Empress because typically as Robin, we deploy a ship or open up the deployment for ship about 12 months to 18 months ahead of time. I think we have seen or we've obviously been in conversations about what the future deployment of that ship could be and that did not resolve itself in the back half of this year and that's really what caused the impact on Empress, because we effectively opened up for deployment in August. I think we continue to look for that ship to potentially have some other deployment, but I don't think we will be holding back our sailings in the future and we'll deal with it as maybe some of that new deployment comes available.
Jason Liberty: So Tim, on the first question as relates to Harmony and Equinox, your first deal – trends or demand for Harmony has been exceptional, and we do expect with Harmony being here next year for to be yield accretive and certainly helps us a lot in the first half of the year. In Equinox mainly was in the Eastern Mediterranean and really kind of in the center of lot of movements we had to make with some of the geopolitical events that were happening. So we do expect the Equinox to be a yield accretive to the corporation next year. On the fuel side on 2017 we’re hedged about 60%. The average hedge rate there is about $508 and in 2018 we're 45% hedged and we're about $452 as the average hedge. And we continue to feel your focus and on having hedge program to minimize the volatility within our P&L. And we also respect that there is typically an inverse relationship between fuel and currency. We also take into consideration the fuel curve and it has flattened out. And so this earlier last year, we did take advantage and put a little bit more hedging on in 2016 and in the outer years, but you should kind of expect us to continue to be pretty consistent to the past of that kind of 40% to 60% side of things and again with the goal of a minimizing volatility within the P&L.
Jason Liberty: Thanks Steve. Obviously, we won’t kind of talk about any guidance for next year. But really you need us to continue to through strong cost control and have modest yield improvement and that gets your most of the way. And then obviously there is some benefit we get from the deconsolidation of Pullmantur, but that’s really a small amount of that pie.
Jason Liberty: And just one more comment, Steve, I think just always appreciating the sensitivities because every 1% change in yield is about $70 million and so by just keeping your cost managed most of that drops to the bottom line and that in itself drives that difference in earnings.
Jason Liberty: Hi, Harry. Traditionally as we’d had a stronger book position obviously the need is less. But if you were to do it kind of do it on a capacity adjusted basis, I would say that typically that gives us good tailwinds coming into WAVE as we’re in a stronger position as we need less. So I don’t think necessarily it’s an indicator, but certainly being a stronger position allows you to take advantage of the demand as it comes in.
Jason Liberty: Hi, Harry. I'm just going to jump in and give some comments on this. I mean we are very much engaged in developing the market. So at the moment we’re investing in China. We’re investing in developing distribution and developing the channel. So at the moment, our focus is developing the market and investing in the market. We believe the opportunity is significant into the future. And we’re not actively pursuing efficiencies from that perspective. We’re looking at investing and developing.
Jason Liberty: The negotiations are in process. We're feeling quite good about where we are in terms of the major charter is in the wholesalers in the market. Obviously we’ve a long-term relationship with the key charters and we’re encouraged by what we’re seeing for '17 in terms of the dialogue and negotiations that we have with them and we feel quite optimistic about that.
Jason Liberty: Well, I think it's tough to a pinpoint one thing, obviously I think when there is less events that certainly helps bring confidence and confidence of people's travel. But I mean I think as we’ve been saying for some time, we continue to see strength from the North American consumer, and not only do we see that in terms of their current bookings in Q4 and for next year, but also we see it and how they spend each and every day on our shifts. So I don’t know there’s a specific game, but obviously Europe is a incredible destination and there is a lot of demand for it and obviously there were some events last year that that maybe caused on individuals to pause and looks like they’re revisiting that for next year.
Jason Liberty: Sharon, I’ll just talk a little bit about the pound and how are approaching that within - from the perspective on both spend. We’ve ratcheted to that up or pre-cruise marketing, we’re bundling packages more aggressively than we’ve done in the past and we see a better response pick up rate from the British consumer in terms of the packaging that we put into the market. So I think we see it a little bit, but it’s – I think less than we originally thought we would see in terms of devaluation. And then Sharon on your question on the share repurchase, we did not complete the $500 million share repurchase in the third quarter.
Jason Liberty: The Board is always evaluating things such as share repurchase for capital returned to shareholders and obviously recently the 28% increase in the dividend was one of those actions they thought was good idea to do.
Jason Liberty: It's fairly over 100 basis points for the quarter, so with that that would be at about 7%. And then also the other some rounding as well in terms of what the implied deal for the fourth quarter.
Jason Liberty: Well, I think as you’re going from early August to today, people began to transition and focus on their vacations for 2017. I think some of - as Michael commented, there were some tactical activity that you probably saw on the market and that was driven around Hurricane Matthew and you know probably the best example where you would have seen that. But we’ve actually seen very good booking trends, forward looking for the Caribbean and for Europe, a lot of that at this point in the year is driven by the North American consumer because they book further out and - but as Michael said, we’re also seeing positive trends happening for Europe.
Jason Liberty: At this point we’re not going to get into providing guidance for next year and I think for us, we’re focused on hitting both targets, the earnings target as well as the ROIC target and we’ll address specifically what we think that earnings range will be in late January, early February when we provide guidance for next year, but a good try.
Jason Liberty: Thanks for the question Dan. I think it's one of those things that's impossible to quantify and we putting new yield management systems several years ago and everyday that goes by the yield management systems get stronger because the information from the past and how we read information of what’s happening in local markets and so forth gets better and better. So it’s truly a tailwind to quantify is next to impossible to do but it really I think one of the greatest benefit that gives is the ability to manage demand globally and that allows us to seek the highest yield for every cabin that's available from anyone of the world and that's obviously great on a revenue management standpoint, it’s also great to be able to taking advance of that diversification.
Jason Liberty: So, on the ROIC side, on the invested capital side there really is no difference, because as I said in my remarks, we still own those assets. But surely as we've been talking about for years Pullmantur was a turnaround opportunity and this allows us to some of those turnaround issues as well as get paid for the ships and services. So it's definitely accretive to ROIC. But it’s on the earnings side, not necessarily on the invested capital side. I’ll let Michael to take the China question.
