Richard Fain: Steve, obviously, we said in the release also in my remarks that we're going to be doing this opportunistically. But we're not going to specifically parse out the guidance, but if we did, it's not going to be a material change to our earnings for the year or EPS ratings for the year.
Richard Fain: Well, I'd say that you're not thinking about it correct, but I think in terms of Double-Double, it's -- everyday we're in the trenches making sure that we achieve those targets. So, I wouldn't say we're at a point yet where we're running a victory lap here or very focused on achieving that and making those targets.
Richard Fain: Hi, Felicia, it's Richard. Not quite sure how to answer that. I understand the question and I guess I've heard it in different ways before. It is a good time and I think one of the points we try to make is, it's an overall tone that we've seen in the number of markets. And frankly, we've been a little bit surprised at just how strong this year has developed. I think we're also feeling pretty good about the execution our teams have done. When you look at the introduction, as you know, of the Celebrity Edge, Harmony is blowing it out of the ballpark. The new ships, the upgrades to the ships that are different brands have done. Symphony of the Seas which comes out in April next year, the forward bookings are terrific. I think we both also know that nothing lasts forever and things do go up and down and, coming back to an earlier question, that's something you always have to worry about is we do see volatility in things like foreign-exchange rates, we do see things happening in the world. But overall, I think I would just say more and more people are understanding the wonderful value of cruising and so as that message gets out, we're really seeing people learning and moving forward. And I think the other thing from my perspective which is very good is just to see how well our teams are doing in terms of the product delivery, in terms of the marketing of that, in terms of using social media. I know I'm going on in a number of things, but there's so many things happening. To answer questions, I think I have to, Felicia. The other thing coming back to something Jason mentioned. A few years ago, if you talk to somebody, what is it you want? I want a flatscreen TV. I want a big TV. I want a better car. And now people really are seeming to say, this is the time I can spend with my family, this is the time I can develop memories that will last me. And I do think that somewhat of a cultural shift and I think we're benefiting from that. And we're working to supply the ships and the people and everything else that makes that happen. So, I don't think we're seeing a sudden spike that makes this as good as it gets and we certainly will continue to do our best to take advantage of that what appears to be a cultural shift for us.
Richard Fain: Yes, it's a good point. So it's given us a little more comfort. Again, many of these things do change, but it's pretty far out there and so it does -- I think you're exactly right, it does give us some comfort. Particularly, it gives us more visibility.
Richard Fain: Robin, as you well know, China will have its ups and downs. Something like this is very frustrating. You probably recall how the emotion in our voice when we complained about the problem a few years ago between China and Japan. It's very frustrating. But it's such an upward-trending market. It's such a large and growing market. And when you see just the thing I'd like to quote, which is that there will be more middleclass Chinese than the population Asian of either the United States or all of Europe. You simply say, yes, we will have bumps in the road and sometimes those bumps will be big bumps, but it's still part of on an onward and upward trajectory. So that's the way I think we're looking at this.
Richard Fain: James, let me just add to that, because I think the question does put its finger on a couple of things that are important. First of all, I really am impressed. The team has just terrific in focusing on this and then in executing against that. But you're also right, you can't do this forever. I do want to emphasize though, our real future continues to be on the revenue side and performing on that and maintaining and expanding the preference for our brands. So one of the things you said was you can keep finding things to cut. And I don't mean to nitpick words I don't think it's so much a question of finding things to cut. It's finding ways to do things better and that may or may not mean a continuation of this -- the flattish trajectory that we've been on because you can't fight inflation forever. But it really is impressive. They keep looking for ways to do things better and still, I would emphasize that our guest satisfaction is higher today than it was last year and last year was a record. Our employee engagement is higher than it was last year and last year was a record. And so I think our objective is to continue to build to maintain our product, our brand preferences and to hold the costs, but I think we will not -- we can't do it forever, but I certainly like to take the opportunity to say thanks to the team for doing as well as they have to get here.
Richard Fain: Not really. It's been very successful for us. We think it was well designed for the markets it's in. Actually, I was a little taken aback by the question because we really haven't talked about it. We think it's working, but we haven't for a while talked about extending it in any which way. We gradually put it in a little bit of time. I suspect now that you raised the question, we'll take another look at it. But it covers the bulk of our markets anyhow and we haven't talked about it, but I suspect we will.
Jason Liberty: Yes, Steve. I think I would also add besides, yes, as Jason said it something that we really have to keep focusing on every day. The program was really more than just those two numbers. The two numbers are an important part of it, but what's really an approach in trying to galvanize everybody working towards it. So in an ideal world, we would do as much better as we can and of course you know it's not our intention to stop with 2017 anyhow.
Jason Liberty: Before the Korean situation, we were in a pretty good position so we had a lot of inventory already add and we're in a good place. I think the same thing happened with our distribution has happened with the customers. Initially obviously there's just confusion in the marketplace as to what exactly is going to happen and it took a couple of weeks, I think, for everything to get sorted out and straightened out. So, I think obviously with the change, the drop of the Korean itineraries, it changes the dynamics in terms of the distribution and the product that have gone into the market. And then to a certain extent, with the new itineraries that were put into place by ourselves and competing brands, then it's is just a different product offering in the market and that's a different kind of relationship with the distribution. So, I think we've kind of been through the period where we've had that initial turmoil and things are starting to settle down more now.
Jason Liberty: Tim, and in terms of kind of what I commented in my remarks, yes, we don't guide by market. What I did say is that, as we said on our last call, we were in a very strong book position. We continue to be in a very good book position for China.
Jason Liberty: For Harmony, yes. But overall, the booking levels we've seen I think I commented it was on both sides of the Atlantic that we've seen strong demand from European consumers as well as North American consumers. And obviously, those core products for them would be North American products with the Caribbean, Alaska, Bermuda, and also would be Europe.
Jason Liberty: First, allow me to say that it's pretty remarkable that, how our forecast has been for the quarters is actually very much in line with how we expected the year to play out when we gave guidance in late January. So the high yield improvement in the second quarter, which is really mainly driven by strong demand for our North American products and European products, was very much in line with what we thought it was going to be for the second quarter. And as you pointed out, Tim, as you begin to lap the new hardware and lap the Pullmantur deconsolidation, you really kind of move into a more kind of normalized second half of the year without those structural changes.
Jason Liberty: Yes, well, I can -- I've been talking how long do we thing the disruption is going to last, that requires a crystal ball that we don't own. But there's obviously been times in the past, I think it was in '14 when there was a dispute over a set of rocks between Japan and China and that was resolved in a reasonable period of time. In terms of the impact, I'm not going to give you a specific number, but I will tell you that it's not a very -- it's not a very material change to our forecast. And as we said, strength in other products, which is why we benefit from this kind of global portfolio of products and markets are offsetting what we expect the impact will be in China due to the change in the Korean sailings.
Jason Liberty: No, I mean I think I believe that we had stated that Quantum Ultra would be going out to Asia Pacific and it would be going to China along with Singapore and Australia, which is quite normal for us to do that. So, we're quite excited about that in 2019. And then with Mariner moving back into the states, that was really about timing. Mariner was coming out anyway when Quantum Plus came into the market. And we had an opportunity because we've got some revitalization and dry dock work that's quite extensive that we're planning for Mariner.
Jason Liberty: Okay, so in terms of the second quarter, on the same-store sales side, a little over 1/2 of the yield improvement just comes from like-for-like improvement in the fleet, while the other half, it's a combination of new hardware and the Pullmantur deconsolidation. On the cost side, we very marginally increased our cost for the year. There's not one specific thing, but it's a very immaterial change.
Jason Liberty: I would say good try, Robin, for us to begin to comment on 2018. It's a little bit early for us to start the kind of give stats around it. There are some additional sailings that have been opened up for '18, but it's really has more to do around the launch of new ships like Edge and Symphony that come out next year and that's really kind of what's driving some more recent announcements in terms of deployments for our 2018.
Jason Liberty: Well, again, I'm not going to give specific guidance on the yield side, but obviously, making a decision to put Quantum Plus and a brand-new shipment talks about our confidence in China.
Jason Liberty: Hi, Harry, just to kind of give you kind of more of a framing, we certainly have a lot less capacity to sell for Europe than we did same time last year. And as I commented on my remarks, there's also greater mix shift of North American versus European this year, which would also help you understand that most North Americans book much further out than Europeans do for their summer holidays. So we have a lot less inventory we have to sell for Europe for the balance of this year.
Jason Liberty: Well, I said that -- in my remarks that overall, we have 15% less inventory to sell than we did the same time last year and you combine that with the strength of what we have said about demand for European sailings from North Americans, that would tell you that would probably be above that one.
Jason Liberty: I think the only thing that I would -- it is really talking about '18 capacity because things are still in flux. The thing I'd keep in mind is, for example when Symphony comes out, Symphony will be spending the summer in Europe and the other new capacity that we have, which is in the very latter part of the year Edge, that will have a very mild effect on our Caribbean capacity for 2018. So, there's some shifts, but I don't think there's any materials swings within the products.
Jason Liberty: Well, I think on the '18 side, I think we explain -- I'll at least talk to that I think we expect capacity to grow in mid single digits. It can be more elevated in '19 on the gross basis.
Jason Liberty: Well, I don't know exactly where they're going to deploy those ships. I know that obviously, in '19, when we deliver Quantum Plus, that ship will be heading to Asia as Michael referred.
Jason Liberty: Hi, Jared, I don't think I would ever use the word 500 million and light in the same sentence. But one, I think what we said is that we're going to be looking to purchase $500 million of shares opportunistically, and we'll see how we evolve on that program. There is always the opportunity to lever or use additional free cash flow, but that's a Board decision that will be taken at the time as we start to migrate towards those metrics.
Jason Liberty: Well, we don't really guide on the borderline, but the driver of that is as we deconsolidated Pullmantur, 49% of their earnings gets recorded into our below the line, where before, obviously, there were above the line. And Pullmantur is a business that has a peak to it with the summer months and has a deeper valleys in the winter period of time and that's really what you're seeing affecting that equity pickup line.
Jason Liberty: Well, I think in terms of what we're seeing in terms of demand is we're seeing demand actually quite healthy, not just from North Americans but also the European consumers. But the North American consumers, because they book further out, have got what up more of the inventory over the past four or five months, which of course puts us in a leverage position with the consumer to be able to charge more, not only to North America, but also locally on the Europe side. Now, how much of that is driven by less capacity? That's obviously very difficult question to answer, but I think it also shows -- I think one of the things as I commented on my remarks, it's also a difficult comparable for us in Europe because Harmony spent the summer there last year and is not spending the summer there this year. And so I think that really encourages in terms of the yield improvements we're seeing in the market.
Jason Liberty: Well the comment I made was is on the gross basis. I'm not sure if there's a tipping point, but certainly, you start to see acceleration of ships at the age of 30 years as you get more 5 years to 10 years out and you can kind of pick your point in time where you think there'd be a higher velocity of netting that will take place.
Jason Liberty: And just add to it, Stephen, also keep in mind, in terms of how we go to market, there's been more packaging, there's a mix shift that happens between ticketing onboard depending on how were selling that specific raise. And so for packaging, as an example, beverage, we break out that beverage revenue. We put that onto onboard. So there's a little bit of a mix because we're doing more packaging it's showing onboard yields higher than our ticket yields.
Jason Liberty: First off, it is incredibly difficult to kind of manage all these new cost inflation's that have been around the world and make an impact our business. What I would tell you is that there is a -- we would just effort to make sure that we are effectively managing our costs. And as we're progressing inflationary type of items, we do keep in mind that as we grow and as our capacity gross, there's opportunity or further opportunity to realize economies to scale in the business. And that's kind of where we're kind of focused. I don't think or I don't think we believe that there are areas where there are large cost opportunities but there's always opportunities on the margin for us to be more cost-effective.
Jason Liberty: Yes, I would say overall, I mean the demand for the Caribbean on both the volume and rate perspective has been very pleasing to us and while there is a bit amount of capacity coming in Q2, Q3 and Q4, what we're seeing in terms of your volume as a general demand has been quite positive and it's not just all for Harmony, it's really for the broader portfolio of product and equipment.
Jason Liberty: I think we're experiencing in Europe, first of all, there's a little more stability, there's been less activities that have disrupted the environment and obviously, this year, we've made a lot of deployment changes that have created kind of a more stable environment in Europe. And so first, I mean, Europe has always been a contributor to our yields. Last year, the Eastern Mediterranean kind of weighted on European yields, but I mean, overall, the demand we're seeing, the pricing we're seeing has been a very good place this year and very similar to what it was in the '14 timeframe.
Jason Liberty: Okay. Well, thank you all for your interest and thank you, Victoria for assistance on the call today. Carol will be available for any follow-up questions you might have and we wish you all a great day.
Michael Bayley: Steve, it's Michael. Yes, I think when this initially happened which was towards the middle of March. Obviously, there was a slowdown and there was a little bit of confusion in the market because everything had to be adjusted and itineraries have to be changed and whatnot. The fortunate thing is of course the Japan is very popular with the Chinese consumers. So, we actually started to see some demand coming in because of the changes that have been made with many of the itineraries. So, initially, it was a little bit -- there was a bit of turmoil and uncertainty. And as Jason had already commented, we started to see the demand return back to its previous levels.
Michael Bayley: Obviously speaking about Royal, we've been quite focused about a new to cruise, particularly in the American market and we're quite pleased with the progress that we've been making last year, it was a really positive your for us in terms of the overall increase in new to cruise, and this year, looks like it's on track to be last year's performance in terms new to cruise. And the way we've got the market and how we go to market has changed quite a lot over the past couple of years and where we're seeing that resonate with the new to cruise potential, so we're feeling quite good about that directionally what we're going with that, even when we do brand awareness research in terms of new to cruise, we feel like we're hitting us but in terms of our marketing and move to digital.
Michael Bayley: As Jason had pointed out, I think, we're already were in a good position for every quarter in China. And obviously, that's got a relationship to the capacity that's in the market. We don't know for sure how the Q3 is going to play out in terms of the China demand in it is peak season. There's also a possibility of course that things will turn around with the situation in Korea and China. I mean, there's some theories that will occur, but of course, as Jason pointed out, we don't have a crystal ball. The elections in South Korea occur in May, some believe that in June, the situation will resolve itself and that of course great news, if that happened. But we don't know for sure how that will play out in the peak summer.
Michael Bayley: You know, it's difficult. I think as Richard had pointed out, this market is a huge opportunity. It's a very much a long-term play, it's developmental. We've been in the market for 10 years. We've been over that decade, we've been through some ups and downs, and I think every year or every other year, we've had something thrown at us whether it's murderous, typhoons, Japan, Korea, tsunamis. And thus, I think we just have to adapt and I believe that we're kind of getting used to these curveballs when they come at us and we're quite flexible and rapid in terms of how we respond to them. But I think it's something that we just have to get used to that is the story of his developing market for us, and we're become a quite adept at dealing with this. So, the comparisons between year-over-year, is very difficult to say but they follow very similar pattern, obviously. Event occurs and we go to a little bit of a minor turmoil and then there's some uncertainty and then these things start to sort themselves out, we typically see the demand coming back.
Michael Bayley: That's good. We'll make sure we take good care of them. Under 35, I mean one of -- in the millennial market, one of the things that we believe in is when a millennial has a child, they really come into our sweet spot for Royal Caribbean certainly and as soon as those millennials get kids then they really want to have a great time with their family and we work very well for them. The one obvious thing that's quite meaningful is digital technology and access through whom the world around them. So of course, that's something that we put into place a couple of years ago and I think that's really proven to be successful. The other kind of component is the whole idea of multigenerational vacations and that's something that we really do focus on, this idea that we can offer a multigenerational experience to our customers and of course the Oasis-class ships really are the great expression of that. So, we see some differences, but then we also see a great deal of similarities. Our customers are looking for great quality, great vacation, attentive service, innovation and creating great memories, and I think we really put a lot of energy into creating these a very special moments. So, with the new ones of digital technology and then dining is becoming something that's slightly different with the millennial market and that something that we're obviously focused on both for our current fleet and also as we look at our new builds coming online.
