Richard Fain: As it relates to 2015, it really is very early in the process, and the positive trends that’s what I talked about really things that we’re seeing across the products at this point in time. But I didn’t give any more detail would not provide you better information that will be just communicated. As it relates to the Caribbean, I think, overall I think we’re really kind of getting close to that inflection point. We’re seeing a very consistent environment in there and it’s been actually quite consistent to what we saw on our April call. So I think it’s quite predictable at this point in time.
Richard Fain: I think what I am implying, I think again going into, again it’s very early on we’re seeing a positive outlook on demand for the Caribbean going into ‘15.
Richard Fain: Well, I do think you are right, Steve, as you say we get to a point with this kind of profitability where the cash generation becomes a new problem to have. It’s not a problem that we are that familiar with to be honest or to be blunt but it’s a nice problem to have and I do think we are beginning to talk about that. And we have said in the past that over time we think returning cash to shareholders is an appropriate thing for us to be reviewing. We did double our dividend just under a year ago and so either higher dividends or cash repurchase seems to me as the success is coming through and the cash flows are coming through is very much of an issue that we should we discussing. It’s very much of an issue that is the Board is discussing and does discuss and I think it’s not necessarily appropriate for me to preempt them but you are right it’s a new problem for us to have but it’s a good one and we will be addressing it.
Richard Fain: I will start and then Jason or Adam they want to chime-in. It’s proven to be a very successful market for us but it’s still young and we are still investing in two ways. First of all, the capital investment I think the move of Quantum was a pretty bold move now and looking back at it, it was a pretty obvious one but I feel these things are always obvious after the fact. I think that reflects our commitment to the market. It will of course, I think we mentioned this earlier that it requires some, not only capital investment with the ships that we have put in and very high growth rate that we have been having there and also requires an investment in infrastructure and in operating cost and that has challenged us this year and will be a challenge next year. We look at the bottom-line impact and see it’s very positive but there is some clear investment needed whenever you are developing any market but particularly one that is so fundamentally different than the other markets that we have penetrated
Richard Fain: Yes, I think that to accomplish something like this, sometimes it helps to -- we have to shift the mindset. We’ve been working on this for a while here, I do want to emphasize that this is not something that’s starting today, obviously this is something we’ve been working on and you think you know that. But to make the kind of shift that you want, I think one of the things that Royal Caribbean has been so successful at is that to get the whole organization to move in a certain direction. And yes we’re using our incentives to accomplish that and we have put in and expect to put in some special incentives to make sure that everybody is focused first on the beginning of that period but also although it hasn’t been finalized it is likely that as we’re looking at our longer term incentive programs like our performance space share things that we will be considering making the Double-Double targets which is a three year goal, the measuring stick for those. So we think when an organization works everything has to work together and that includes the compensation, the incentive compensation. And I think we’re seeing its working.
Richard Fain: And I think I would Felicia emphasize as I did before that the focus is on getting the total profitability and so if we’d love to keep having zero rose costs. I think we see that our real objective is the bottom line. And so for example coming back to the question Steve asked, the cost in China, if we’re to include those costs and take us slightly over what we would like to be but it generates more in revenue than we would do that. So it’s really question of the balance in our minds rather than a bring line on the page.
Richard Fain: And I think in fairness we’ve made it clear it actually got quite a bit worse between the first quarter and the second quarters. And I think we conveyed that in the second quarter call. As Jason says I think it’s more or less stabilized since then. But actually that’s partially because we brought to bear more yield management techniques and systems that we’ve talked about before coming online. And that it helped us offset what otherwise might have been three quarters in the Caribbean.
Richard Fain: I think Robin, we are really uncomfortable in trying to get too much into the details of this, I think we all have our models. As you say the capacity number is fixed, I think we are pressing on cost but I think if I heard your last comment correctly, I don’t think we are thinking that there is going to be a dramatic improvement in cost. We just think that is a very strong underlying business model, particularly on the revenue side and when we extrapolate it out we think that it makes these targets doable. And we are determined to work towards that goal and make it happen. 
Richard Fain: That always makes us happy here because we implicitly end up giving two quarter rather than just one, Jason.
Richard Fain: I think I am not sure on how we can describe it in more detail. We focus on how our performance is going and the steps we are taking both on the marketing side, the yield management side and managing the demand. I know its little better than may be we were expecting before but basically the yield has just been holding up and I think we are very proud of the revenue management people who we have internally who predict these things and they have been remarkably accurate. Obviously some luck goes into that but also we spent a lot of time and money developing these systems. We have continued to invest in these systems; by the way I would refer you back to some commentary we made over the last couple of years that we’ve invested a great deal in building these systems and building the capabilities. And I think that our people have tried to come up with good models and they have been remarkably accurate. So we actually haven’t ended up changing our yields forecast as we’ve gone through the year and I would congratulate them in being able to do that. Obviously we can’t always be this accurate but they have been pretty good and I think we will continue to invest in these systems, because we think they do help us.
Richard Fain: I think the Millennials are an enormous market for us and to be able to offer them home like coverage at sea is an enormous advantage and I don’t think we’ve talked enough about it when we will have more bandwidth on one ship than every other ship in the industry combined. You are talking about something that we think will help us bring in more customers, raise our prices and this is the sort of thing that we’ve been doing to try and raise our yields. And it’s the kind of thing that underlies the Double-Double program.
Richard Fain: Yes that’s exactly right James. It’s rounding related, only slight negativity would take on the back half of the Black Sea sailing but as I said in my commentary that we’ve been offset by further strength in Mediterranean.
Richard Fain: Yes I think James the best thing I can do Laura can certainly send it to you. But in the press release especially through 2017 it defines our capacity increases each year and it also provide our CapEx and really at this point especially through ‘17, there is very little, that anybody can do the change.
Richard Fain: Yes, so as it relates to just the latter half of that. On our last call basically we said that economically we expected this ship to perform at least as well in China as it was expected to do in New York post at moving on to China. And so I think economically that’s the way I will look at it. It will probably require a little bit more cost but we are also expecting a little bit more on the revenue side especially with the strength on the on-board element within China. As it relates to bookings, also what we have constantly said is that for what’s open to sail which effectively is the Northeast products which goes through the middle of May and also the repositioning of the ship from New York to Shanghai, the pricing and load factors on that are doing exceptionally well. And as you said in the past it’s in line in terms of how it’s booking relatively to when always this in the lower came out.
Richard Fain: Sure, thanks Steve. So, first of all the denominator, I think the point we were trying to make is that the denominator is largely immutable at this point. There is very little that we would do that would change our capital base. As you know we have ships on order and our capital program we think we have given pretty good indications of what that is, so don’t really see a dramatic change in that one way or the other that would have a huge impact on our calculation of ROIC. So, we do think that it will be the numerator, the profitability that will drive the change. And we have previously said that we are not contemplating any ship orders for wholly-owned brands for 2017. And in terms of what we are looking at going forward, I think we have previously said that we thought the right range for us was to grow at a rate of 3% to 5% and as we are looking forward we think that’s still the right number. I think as you know it gets difficult because of the ship deliveries in December one year or in January the next and enormous difference in and every ship delivery is a big lump in the curve of growth. But over any significant period of time we think that we will continue that average of 3% to 5%.
Richard Fain: No I think overall I mean really on all of our line items on onboard revenue, we have also kind of doubled our efforts on the shore excursion side as we try to create a more destination experience feeling across our brands.
Richard Fain: So just a comment I think as it relates to some of these geopolitical. Our exposure this year really have a handful of sailings left that touched the Mediterranean region that’s out risk and also on the Black Sea side. So we haven’t seen a lot of changes in the demand pattern outside of -- well there has been change in sense, has been more challenging for us, bookings for the recent sailings and that’s been incorporated into our guidance. As it relates on to Europe, really the trends are actually quite positive on a local level on for both North American and European consumers whether they’re travelling on European sailing or on the Caribbean. So it really is a good new story for both. Well thank you for your assistance Tamika. With the call today -- and we thank you all for your participation and interest in the Company. Laura will be available for any follow up on question you might have and I wish you all a great day.
Jason Liberty: I think Tim one comment we can make, one of the issues in the Caribbean has been the fact that has been so much capacity there. And we always over compensate for these things I am afraid. And that situation carries on through the first quarter of 2015. So I think just to gage it in terms of where the turning point would come. The first quarter is obviously going to be more difficult than the second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter as we’re looking ahead to next year. But I think our process is that we look very much on a way bookings are coming in. And we’re not sure that, we don’t see enough bookings yet this early in the period to start being much more specific than we’re being.
Jason Liberty: Steve, I will add on a little bit. If I continue with the sports analogy that Tim used earlier, we are certainly pleased with its how gone so far. I would say it’s something like we have scored a couple of runs in the first inning but there is a lot more innings play in that game. We have a tremendous work ahead of us to do in terms of developing the consumer awareness of our products and services. We have a significant undertaking in terms of developing the kind of distribution and loyalty of distribution that we have achieved in North American and European theaters. We have a program next year with four different ships, operating out of four different homeports in China that’s something that we could not have envisioned even a few years ago really to reach the targets that we have will take a lot of work. But we’re excited about it, definitely as the momentum and we feel like we created a leadership position for the Royal Caribbean international brand and we certainly want to see where can go with the momentum that we have.
Jason Liberty: I think in terms of its early on for us as we’re going through our planning cycle to be thinking about costs. But I think our general commitment to our cost culture really remains unchanged. But there will clearly be inflationary pressures, new investments as well as cost efficiencies that will be kind of considered in that equation. But I would just say our overall commitments sustain but those pressures are really now we’re beginning to take into consideration.
Jason Liberty: I think in terms of just general color to start off with is that really is a very similar environment to what we were experiencing three months ago. I wish I could tell you that something had dramatically changed but it’s been actually quite similar. But the volumes have been pretty steady; it’s just that this required the promotional technique. The other color that I had said in my remarks is there is a little bit more pressure on the Caribbean and seven nights -- on the seven nights and on the shore Caribbean product. But that’s generally kind of being balanced out. So it’s a very similar picture.
Jason Liberty: So, I think that I would probably answer it that obviously there will be some add inflows in terms of how it plays out in each year but I think what we really look at is what our commitment on the cost side and then the others just look at how our yields have grown over the past five years. So, I think we really see moderate gross, I think 4% on average would be on the higher side on average but that’s kind of how we kind of came to that basic math.
Jason Liberty: I think in terms of the general growth in Q4, it is relatively consistent for us in terms of having some upside happening from Europe and Asia because we do have some of those sailings come in and that we are dealing with a very similar environment, actually very similar booking environment for Q4 on the Caribbean side. But I don’t think again there has been a big change on the guidance side. I think on the cost side, as we said some of the savings that we had identified in Q2 was actually realized in Q2 that will shift into the future quarters and Q3 and Q4 would be included in those comments.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, yes, so obviously this have marked our 10th quarter in a row of on-board revenue improvement and last year we were up over 7%. So, the comparability gets more and more difficult but I think that the focus we are putting on the on-board revenue line and also as sourcing, as we have more capacity for example in Asia next year, we do continue to expect a positive performance on the on-board. We haven’t come out of any specific guidance on that obviously but expectations for us internally are to continue to improve 
