Richard Fain: Thanks, Steve. So first just to kind of address the 2% to 4%. I think that fairly represents on how yields have grown over the past four years and so it's tough to say that's how we will see it going forward but we do expect our yields to grow moderately. Your math is exactly right. Obviously Q4, the acceleration in close and demand and the better performance and on board increased our yield performance for the full year, by about 50 basis points. And of course, that increased the base and so mathematically our yields for 2018 if not for that acceleration would have been at a midpoint of 3%.
Richard Fain: On the onboard side obviously, some of that onboard revenue include some of the packaging that goes on when we go-to-market and might include something like beverage or shore excursion or something like that, I would say that we expect onboard yields to trend slightly higher than ticket this year which has been a similar performance relative the past. But some of that just to stress again it's just a geography of the accounting of us selling that package some of that revenue gets recorded in onboard versus ticket.
Richard Fain: No, I don’t think we think that it will have that immediate impact. We think it's simply part of the overall growth of the business obviously and also it tends to be a little bit back-ended as the rollout works well and it gets accelerated so I think actually we are thinking that is more something that will help us longer-term rather than have an immediate impact this year.
Richard Fain: If I can actually come back I just want to say I didn’t want to suggest that I wasn’t incredibly excited about what Excalibur is going to do and I really think it is going to transform -- you've seen sort of mark-ups of it. I think it's going to be fantastic but I think it will take a little while for us to rollout and so the public to see just how exciting it is.
Richard Fain: Absolutely not, and I'm glad you asked, because the -- remember as we kept emphasizing, the double-double wasn't to be a finite period of time it was -- help galvanize everybody in the company to work in a certain direction. And the price integrity program was a part of that and we think the benefit keeps growing over time. So, the price integrity program has been a big success for us. We've been fairly religious about executing against it, and we continue to expect to do that.
Richard Fain: And Craig I just like to follow up on the question of the booking curve. Because one of the things I like to emphasize is, we really determine what the booking curve is, it's really our revenue managers who decided whether they want to take more bookings now or save their powder for later on. And they are making a decision, Michael at least or Larry have to choose exactly how they want to ramp up.  And probably I don’t want to give the impression that the bookings are so strong, that the booking curve got longer out, it's really looking at all the factors our people felt that it should be a longer-term booking curve. And my guess is that next year, even if it’s a stronger year, they will want a slightly shorter booking curve but that’s a decision we make rather than something that is determined based simply on there is enough demand and so we book up ahead. So, if at the end of this year, we actually end up saying we want or we have fewer bookings for the following year but at higher prices, that wouldn’t be necessarily a negative sign. 
Richard Fain: Hi James, nothing really but certainly we feel in the sense of the consumer confidence is in a really good place and we feel that really globally across many markets but that’s just the confidence that I think is coming through in people's vacation decisions and how they are buying up products. But nothing directly related to tax cuts. 
Richard Fain: No that wasn’t what I intended to convey. I think rather than say that that cost was likely to be higher, it was likely costs were likely to be bumpier, I think that’s a theme that we had before, people look at the fourth quarter and the first quarter and I think my comments were specifically focusing on the quarter to quarter type numbers. And cost is bumpier whether we do a drydock or we do a special bonus for our employees or whatever it is, it will distort particularly when you look at individual quarters and I think overall, we've continued I think, we've got a very good culture at a stage of people being careful about those costs but not so much being obsessed if saving money is going to cost us in revenue. So, I wasn’t trying to communicate anything other than it was bumpier and I think I was mostly focusing on a relatively high number for the quarter both in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Steve its Michael. I mean I think, we're feeling pretty good about the Caribbean as Jason had commented earlier after the hurricanes in September, we saw that softness for about four to six or seven weeks but that recovered and picked up and we're in a good book position for Q1. And overall we're feeling pretty good about the Caribbean for '18.  We’re fortune because we've got Symphony of the Seas coming into the Caribbean towards the end of the year, we have also got celebrity edge and we're introducing Mariner of the Seas after an extensive modernization and revitalization and we're putting that product into the short market, so that’s quite a lot of volume that’s coming into that market but we're actually very excited about what that products going to do, this bookings very well and still outside of its typical booking window because it’s a short product. So overall, we're feeling okay about the Caribbean. 
Michael Bayley: No, obviously we're coming off a very strong 2017 and when you think about the WAVE in 2017, it was really a strong WAVE. And our WAVE for 2018 has been stronger than '17, so we're feeling pretty good about what we're seeing in terms of both the rate and the volumes of bookings that are coming in. I think when you look at capacity overall certainly for Royal, capacity skewed more towards Q3 and Q4 because that’s where we got Mariner coming into the shorts market and symphony coming online into the Caribbean and of course Celebrity Edge. But all three of those products are in a good place and with, as I said before we're quite excited about what those products are going do for us.  So, we’re not seeing that, your comments, we’re feeling pretty good about Caribbean. 
Michael Bayley: On the drydock side it's more of a normal year, I mean very similar to what you would have seen in '15 and '16 and so I would expect going forward for us to have a similar drydock schedule to '18 mainly driven by the upgrade programs that we are planning.
Michael Bayley: David its Mike, I would just like to add that contrary to deceleration on demand drivers I think what we've seen is an acceleration of new to cruise coming to our brands and we feel pretty good about the kind of results that we are generating with our new to cruise strategy that we started to execute a couple of years ago. So, we are seeing a very good improvement in that segment.
Michael Bayley: Just to add one more point to this on the price integrity, we introduced several months ago nonrefundable deposit pricing program for the Royal brand and that has proven to be also very successful for us. So, we have a significant percentage of our 18 bookings are in this non-refundable category which means that we will see significantly less share in our bookings as we move through the calendar year for '18 and then to '19.
Michael Bayley: Great just to add to that to Jason's points, we also opened deployment for Royal Caribbean International for 2019 four months earlier than we typically do. So, the small relatively small number but our book position for 2019 versus 2018 same time last year is significantly further ahead but there aren't very small base numbers because we open so much early for '19. 
Michael Bayley: Capacity is down for the industry in China overall which I think for first year and then number of years the capacity is down. Capacity for Royal of us is down probably because we move Mariner slightly early than we had originally planned to put it until the show market but we are not seeing pricing down for our product in China, in fact current book position contracted cash down is significantly stronger than the previous year.  So not quite sure what comparables you are looking at in terms of pricing, it could be maybe the -- I don’t know but it could be contracted pricing before the Korean situation, which certainly was higher before the South Korea situation hit, and then of course there was a lot of renegotiations last year as a result of South Korea that dropped the pricing down. But overall for Royal in '18 we are in a good book position and we are feeling pretty good about where market is going, of course it's China. So, every year China is a gifted that gives, so we were always aware of that but it's currently looking quite good in China.
Michael Bayley: Yes, the Mariner is of other drydocks that are going on but the fewer APCDs are relative to the absolute cost is a key driver for the cost increase in the first quarter as well as you know Richard's comments around timing of sales and marketing activities and those type of things.
Michael Bayley: James its Michael, I think that’s right, it's a great point and its correct. I think as the dollar is strong then we see a little bit more softness in the international on both spend and as the dollar weakens we see a little bit more strength but it has no material impact to the American customer. So that’s right we will see an uplift because of that. 
Michael Bayley: And again, just add to that I think just to keep in mind that it's now been several quarters where we had capacity declines and really now as we start getting into the back half of this year we're kind of again in that posture where we can take advantage of economy to scale as capacity improves which has been kind of one of our levers on cost management.
Michael Bayley: So, I'm not going to guide for '19 and '20 but I would say is that, I think we expect to behave and we've installed a culture to behave similar to how we imagined cost over the past several years. So, we don’t think '17 is a reflection or '18 is a reflection. We look at the period as continuing to effectively managing our cost and a lot of that again comes from taking advantage of innovation and taking advantage of scale as we manage cost in the forward-looking period.
Michael Bayley: We've been shifting marketing investment, marketing, organization and expertise gradually an increasingly more aggressively over the past few years towards the different channel in terms of moving more digital and traditional and certainly we've seen the results of that in terms of the growth of our new-to-cruise customers coming to the brand so we are continuing on that journey.  So in terms of marketing investment more and more if our marketing dollars are going towards that channel rather than traditional and then off course our focus on social media and our whole integration in terms of our organization and our product into this kind of digital universe is going to be massively accelerated by Excalibur which really is going to take us to into the future and so we are quite excited about what Excalibur will deliver for our customers and for our business over the coming years so it's really part of the overall strategy that we have in place.  In terms of '19 overall with regard to capacity obviously we have been -- we are planning for the future and we have been looking at '19 and '20 for some time so we have the benefit of a very large and maturing global infrastructure. So that's one of the benefits that we believe we have overall competition in terms of our global footprint. And so, a lot of that capacity will be spread across our brands across our markets and most importantly across segments which is where we come back to our focus on new to cruise.
Michael Bayley: You know what's interesting about the marketing is that digital is a lot more accurate than we believed in traditional. And so, we have a significant marketing budget and investment that’s pretty much related to our capacity and increasing capacity but what we are seeing is an improvement in the efficiency of that marketing investment over time because of digital, because it's a lot easier to track and understand the results that you are generating through digital versus traditional. So, I think it's yes, we are investing more in our marketing and yes, we are investing more as we look into the future but we are also seeing an improvement in the efficiency of that investment.
Michael Bayley: Tim, on the Eastern Med, I think what we're seeing is kind of stabilization and there is certainly an -- it’s a relatively small percentage of our total capacity, although in '18 we increased that number but from a small base and we are seeing a lot of the Northern European and European tour operators and returning to some of those Eastern Med destinations so with the stability, if it continues then I think we should see the Eastern Med and that coming back in the next couple of years.
Michael Bayley: Okay, thank you, for your assistance with the call today and we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Carola will be available for any follow-ups you might have and we wish you all a great day. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Just to add one point, just more kind of broadly in our commentary around our book position, being at a strong book position also means that you have less inventory to sell and so some times when you are doing some of those channel checks, the volumes may not be what we are looking to fill because we are in a stronger book position, so the volume can sometimes be lower.
Jason Liberty: Well I was just going to say that there are occasions sometimes when a new product enters into the market and sometimes from competitors and they may have some challenges initially and you may see some fairly aggressive pricing going into the market. I mean that can be disruptive but it's very localized, so that maybe that's what you are hearing or seeing.
Jason Liberty: No. But I would add just one other point, just also will always be mindful that when we are sourcing guests for our products that sourcing is happening globally and so again some of the trading activity might be taking place more a different market other than the local markets that you guys might be checking.
Jason Liberty: Yes, so first the impact from Pullmantur was 125 to 150 basis points in our '17 yields. So yes, 2.5% is lower than your 4.5%. But I don’t think we look at this at all as deceleration. I think we look at this as a compounding off of a very strong 2017. I think the thing to keep in mind on the yield side is that your averaging up and averaging down as that business is coming on and I think as we pointed out through the course of all of last year you pretty much had everything on the ledger outside of Korea and the Hurricanes walking your way and that is not a typical year, its typically we talked about in the past like a stock portfolio of products in markets that you do better as expected and sometimes not as expected but in a given year. And I think again the acceleration that we saw in 2017, and not for that acceleration in the fourth quarter your yields would have been closer to the midpoint of 3.
Jason Liberty: So how you started off was correct that it is too early to talk about 2019. But I think what I would say is, is obviously with assets like Symphony of the Seas coming in or full year of that ship edge coming in, there is a lot of excitement and demand for those assets which have a strong part of our 2019 picture. 
Jason Liberty: We don’t obviously provide right yield guidance by market but I think some of the things that you would have heard in my remarks is strong demand from North America on both sides of the Atlantic, so meaning effetely Europe and on North American products seems to have very strong yield trend but overall, we're expecting yield improvement in our core products. 
Jason Liberty: Also as I comment on, the expectation is that Q1 and Q4 yields will be higher than in Q2 and Q3 yields and some of that is as comparable to our yield growth in the second quarter of last year was about 11% that quarter had Easter in it this year Q1 has Easter in it so there is some of those structural elements of it but that's the expectation is that it's effectively a smiley face fine Q1 and Q4 and lower than Q1 and Q4 for Q2 and Q3. 
Jason Liberty: We don’t give that specific breakdown Jared in terms of what's -- there is lots of things that are driving the differential in the quarter but certainly one of the drivers we had called out was that coming from the drydocks which has already APCDs in a rolling yielding period. 
Jason Liberty: It's about half and half so half is coming from the new hardware changes for the year and the other half is coming from like for like business improvements.
Jason Liberty: I'm not going to break it down by geography but we do expect our yields to be up in each quarter this year.
Jason Liberty: So, the main driver on the CapEx increase is the weaker dollar and I think as it relates to share repurchase or just returning capital to shareholders the more of the guide for us is maintaining our net-debt-to-EBITDA on staying kind of within the 3 to 3.5 zone and so points that are lower than that will be opportunity to lever above and beyond any additional free cash flow that we generate.
Jason Liberty: Yes, it helps a little but it's not going to be the main driver of yield growth for sure. As I said most of the yield growth was coming from hardware and like for like improvement.
Jason Liberty: We are not looking to give commentary specifically product by product but we are -- as I have said in my commentary we are quite encouraged in terms of the booking volumes in pricing across our core products and I think to your latter point Robin that’s exactly right as our need is less overall and so if you are hearing some of that noise, some of that is volume need that is less and also potentially sourcing from other markets. But I just want to add, I mean, I think as Michael commented, I mean, we're feeling positive about the Caribbean and we appreciate that there might be some channel check concern that’s out there. Our trading overall is just doing quite positive. 
Jason Liberty: So, some of was going to '17 and then most of it is a three-year grant that investor over the three years so it really spreads itself through '18, '19 and '20 but there are costs related in Q4 and the forward-looking periods.
Jason Liberty: I think our objective very much remains the same as we are going to continue to be opportunistic in repurchasing shares. We have over a couple of 100 million left in our share repurchase program but our point of view is to do it opportunistically over the period. But we do continue to believe that there should be a mix between our share repurchase and dividends.
Jason Liberty: Yes. That’s exactly right. we have on average, sort about a ship a year, and obviously depending on the size of the ship that could make a 5200-basis points impact on the capacity, fewer growth with a period. 
Jason Liberty: I would just say where we're constantly looking at, how to improve the guest experience as well as how to improve the performance of the ships on a per square foot basis. So sometimes that comes from us having cabin, sometimes that’s lease more onboard revenue and many times that’s just creating more fun activities for people to do whether that’s in culinary or other elements, so it's not a perfect formula except that, we’re just constantly revisiting it to see how we can enhance the experience and off course leave stability to enhance the yield. 
Jason Liberty: So, on the first one Tim, the double-digit is earnings were obviously already at 2.5% ROIC, so our goal is to continue to improve that ROIC metric and then for our earnings per share in 2020 to be double-digit. 
Jason Liberty: On the used ship market, it's possible that us having ships that can fulfill many of the eco regulations can make those assets more valuable. Yes, we will see how that comes to view overtime, so it's possible at this point, I wouldn’t say that a trend that’s out there. 
James Hardiman: I guess the feeling to answer to this is either really difficult or really early but is there any evidence whatsoever that the recent tax cuts are going to stimulate demand from your customers, if you talk to the various travel agents, is there anything that’s showing up there, that would be helpful. 
James Hardiman: Got it and then secondly here, obviously the dollars weakens pretty meaningfully over the course of while but certainly over the course of the last month, do you think that could potentially be an on board benefit for you, jog our memories here, your Europe customers are flexing for the most part in U.S. dollars and that should in theory help and over a number of years we were worried about the dollar going in the other direction help us understand that the potential impact of the dollar weakening here. 
James Hardiman: Got it and then I guess lastly from me, Richard you have some comments in the preamble about net cruise cost and how the timing of cost doesn’t necessarily sync up with expenses. May be dig in a little bit more on that, help me understand the one and half to two for 2018 on top of about 2% growth in 2017. Is the point that is out of line with what the normal is or is the point that that’s the new normal. And I guess as we look forward, should we expect after some really fantastic years, where cost was down in some instances. Is this more sort of the normal in terms of what we would expect and you touched on the new fleet upgrade program, does that play any role in 2018 long-term in terms of the net results. 
Timothy Conder: Whoever wants to take these, first a couple of clarifications, Jason the double-digit that you talked through 2020, was that EPS or earnings just to clarify that and then on the new to cruise, here Michael is that new truly new to cruise is that first timers on, RCL related brands. 
Timothy Conder: Okay, okay and then on the capacity what I wanted to ask here is, given the emission requirements tightened further in 2020, do you see the potential for second tier players to have a greater desire for ships that yourselves, Carnival, Norwegian, may sell? Would that have a longer life of that ship to make those emission investments. So therefore, could the secondary market get hotter and we see a little bit faster retirement over the next couple of years. And then related to that, how do you see the Eastern Med potentially rebuilding over the next couple of the years and the industry going back there. 
Timothy Conder: Michael remind me isn’t that historically been one of the higher yielding reasons somewhere to Alaska and Northern Europe. 
