Jason Liberty: Well, good morning, Steve. And thanks for the question. So, obviously, we are feeling very good about the business, the demand for our brands, the demand for our ships and in destinations. And we're seeing that, as I noted in my remarks, not only in terms of the daily interactions with our guests, but also just the high-level of booking activity. And the strength we're seeing in bookings where we have been booking at an accelerated pace, really, since earlier this year. And of course, as we've been booking, not just for 2023, but we've also been booking for 2024. And when we look at our book of business, you'll see a lot of strength and volume. And of course, with strength and volume allows us to continue to improve on the rate side. And you combine all that with incredible hardware coming into place next year, especially Icon of the Seas, as well as more volume onto places like perfect day because of HideAway, we feel very good about our yield projections for next year. Now it's still early. So we're not in a place where we're going to guide, but as our general internal ambition is always to make sure that our yields are meaningfully outpacing our costs. And of course, most of our costs as not pointed out growth next year on a per unit basis is really just driven by additional drydock days. And of course HideAway which delivers incredible margins, as in which will improve our yield profile, but also has cost with no APCDs. So all in all, we feel very good. And I think it's important to just stress that, my comment on the earning side was that we expected to at least start with a nine. And not only that, we also expect to continue to improve on an ROIC basis on the overall organization.
Jason Liberty: Yes, I would probably just start off, Robin, with how you started that off, which is at least from what we can tell this is pretty low single-digit percent capacity of not just us but our some of our competitors, some have a little bit more than we do. And I think a shift of that magnitude is pretty material. So if a ship is moving further, maybe into the eastern med in terms of heading west, or is heading into the western Mediterranean, or there's some change in the modified and the deployment, it's a pretty immaterial shift for the broader industry. And I think for us, I mean, just our commentary about first accrues first a brand, the power we're getting out of our ecosystem and our loyalty base, that's not -- we are actually much, much more focused on how do we close the gap to land base vacation than we think that things that make small ships like this would impact our business.
Jason Liberty: Hey, Robin. I’ve to jump in for a second as Michael, just to update you on HideAway because I was there last weekend. And I have to tell you, we are incredibly impressed. It's a spectacular, new destination for Royal Caribbean. And we opened for sale for this one products about three weeks ago. And it's going gangbusters. I mean, we're delighted with the product. It's going to be really a game changer. And the demand has been exceptional. We've already started pushing up the pricing for that experience. So of course all of that comes online with Icon of the seas, which is by far the best selling product we've ever launched in the history of our business and it continues to perform an exceptionally high-level. So the combo of Icon with hideaway is really for us exceptionally exciting. And then of course, we've got Utopia going straight into the shores market to perfect day in the summer. And that, again, is already selling at record rates so and record volume. So we're kind of pre switched on about what's happening in the next year in '24.
Jason Liberty: And Brandt, it's Jason. I just want to add in. Obviously, our capacity is growing at 8% next year. And so that's certainly helping making sure we're getting more and more efficient, which is a critical objective of the organization. We are also beginning very much to benefit from new disruptive technology and employing them in different parts of our business that can lower service calls and improve process efficiencies. And that's kind of an overall objective is how do we get better each and every year. And that's why we believe that excluding the dry docks and HideAway, which are structural, we were able to continue to produce low single digit costs -- sorry, very low single digits, yes, Naft just reminded me.
Jason Liberty: Yes, so I think one of the things I would say, Brandt, is that we are saying it's going to start with -- that it will at least start with the $9. So I wouldn't necessarily peg it to $9, it's just that we're seeing at a 9 handle, which I think is just an important thing. And obviously, it's impossible to predict what the environment will look like 6 months from now or a year from now or 5 years from now. But we have a pretty nimble platform. There is a significant value proposition or value differential to land-based vacation. Pre-COVID, we were, call it, 10% or 15%. Today, we are somewhere around 35%, 40%. So there's a lot of value for the consumer to get if there are changes the operating theaters that we are in. I would also keep in mind that we are pretty well booked, and we will cross this year in a very strong booked position. And so we have -- we will have a lot of that already on our books, the consumer has already made those decisions. But I will say, which I think is an important thing when we look at the consumer, is as we're here on the call, we have thousands of people making bookings for experiences that are at least 6 to 8 months from today. They're making bookings into 2025, they're even making bookings into 2026. So our visibility in terms of how the consumer is looking at things going forward, at least on a vacation experience on our incredible brands, is pretty good based off of where the consumer is standing today.
Jason Liberty: Hey Vince. Hope all is well. So on the order book side, at least what we can see kind of 5 years out here is the industry is going to grow on a gross basis around 4%, it could potentially be a little bit lighter that if there's going to be some potential more exits over time. That's not a number that can really be changed at this point in time. And we really haven't seen a lot of new orders come on the books as of late. So I think we have a pretty good view on the supply side. I think when we think about on the demand side, I don't think it's just new to cruise. I mean, new to cruise has been very strong us being indexed more into the short, brings in a lot more new to cruise. But I also think the point about new to brand, I think, has really significantly grown coming here out of COVID, which we think is another strength. And then I think our point about how focused we are about getting more reps out of our guests through loyalty, through having a recognition of our kind of family of brands, we think is also really strong. And the last point I'll make is, I know we really focus these conversations on the industry, but I really think we need more and more focus the conversation on land -- or just overall vacation experiences. The cruise industry is a sliver of overall vacation and travel and leisure, 1% shift towards cruise is worth -- I think it's like 10 or 11 Oasis-class ships. So we're focused on how do we continue to be more competitive with land. And we're seeing that with the younger generations who really look at us very much similar to how they look to go to Orlando or Vegas or skiing, et cetera. And if we can close that gap, we can close half of that gap and get back to where we were, that's also worth probably about 10 Oasis-class ships. So we're heavily focused on trying to do that.
Jason Liberty: What you're really seeing -- I mean, kind of across the board, right, onboard spend is meaningfully higher than we expected. Demand for our new ships is certainly there. But of course, that would have been in our original guidance for the year, our expectations on that. And then like-for-like is up significantly. So it's not one thing, I think there's just -- there's been really starting in the wave of this year. Demand for our brands has been at an exceptional level. Demand for ships going to places like Perfect Day have been at exceptional levels and has put us in a position to be able to continue to increase rate bringing us closer to that value gap that's out there versus land-based vacation. Now I think keep in mind, like crews kind of lagged everybody else coming back from COVID. And so I think we're also benefiting from that.
Jason Liberty: Sure. Well, at least in terms of what we've been experiencing is there's been strong demand on a pricing standpoint whether it's contemporary, whether it's in the premium space, luxury or expedition space. I think there's been a little, I would say, more elevated demand that we have seen, especially for Royal and ships, especially going to Perfect Day has been at an elevated level. But the yield improvement that you've seen through the course of this year, which is significant, has really been across all of our brands. And I'd also add that our load factor expectations also rose to the course of this year. We returned to normal load factors much earlier than we had anticipated for that. You are right that on the European side, it does skew a little bit more on the premium and luxury side of things. But I think we think overall, at least what we have seen demand pattern wise, that continues to be very strong. And we typically as we start to get towards the end of this year and early January is when we start to really see the elevation in European bookings as it gets into that 6 to 8-month booking window, which is what we have historically seen.
Jason Liberty: Yes, sure. So we feel -- of course, they're always getting better that we have the best kind of yield management systems and the best revenue managers in the world. And so they are very much looking at volume versus price. And we have significantly automated that using AI and so forth to be able to make sure that we have an understanding on the elasticity and the behaviors of the consumer minute by minute. And so what we do try to do is obviously continue to increase price and then build volumes. And historically, there's been questions about on the book position. You plan to be at the same level when you turn the year as previous years. You want to be higher, you want to be lower. The answer really is, it all depends on our ability to continue to drive pricing and then optimizing our yields. And so optimizing our yields is key. And of course, we're -- and these yield management tools, we're also very focused on what we're seeing in behavior on the [indiscernible] side. Going on the European side, I think, again, we are just coming out of the Europe season, and we are beginning to book for next year trends continue to be very strong. But it is early in the European season for us to start calling out that there's no impact from Israel. It's not something that we are seeing today, and of course, we don't know how long this war, conflict is going to go on for, which could very much inform where the consumer wants to go next year. I think what's important is what we are getting is a very sticky consumer who wants to be sailing with us, staying within our ecosystem. And so sometimes it's not a question of where they're going to go. It could be a question of where they're going to go, but they're going to go somewhere with us, and that's what we're focused on making sure they're doing.
Naftali Holtz: Well, next year, we'll have a little bit less capacity in Europe, about half of our guests for European sailings come from the U.S and the other half come from around the world. We've commented on the 1.5%, and we'll continue to look at that. I think we need to remember we have a pretty nimble sourcing platform. If we're worried about that risk. I do think it's a little bit too early in all of this to have any kind of outlook on what we're seeing, or our expectations for Europe next year. But our commentary around the strength and the acceleration in demand is not just about one market. It's really about all of our markets. It's not just about one product, it's really about all of our products. And, obviously as we -- if these horrific situation continues to occur, that could potentially weigh on a consumer psyche, but that's not something that we're seeing at this point in time. And historically when we see that we typically just see our guest shift in terms of where they want to go. And of course, the vast majority of our capacity in 2024 is going to be in North America.
Naftali Holtz: Hey, Robin, its Naftali. So just on the cost, so as I mentioned, roughly 300 basis points related to dry docks and HideAway, the vast majority. So think about like 80% of it is, is to dry docks, and the remainder is really about HideAway. It's a nice way to ask it again, but I'll just say what Jason said, we were very excited about next year, our formula, we always strive to drive and grow yields more than cost. And that's definitely -- that's what we're intending to do next year.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. I just think -- there's other things, too, right? First of all, Icon actually is -- there's a lot of venues on it. So yes, there's a lot of APCDs, but we also offer a lot of experiences on board. And you're right, China is a market that we're coming back. And obviously, we're not there today, we're just ramping up. But there's a lot of things that are going into it. And the commentary is we manage our cost across the board and we are very comfortable with the very low single digits as we go into next year.
Naftali Holtz: And I'll just add -- just add something that also across the markets, what we've seen this year is pretty strong demand. Caribbean, as we said, has been strong all along, but we were very, very pleased with the summer season in Europe, right, with double-digit yield growth.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So I think I said it in my prepared remarks, but our goal, first of all, is to obviously increase the profitability as we continue to grow the business. But this year, we will be back basically to our margin that we had in 2019, which was a record year. But if you kind of do the math, we are not yet in our Trifecta goal. And by the way, Trifecta for us is just base camp, right? So we -- our ambitions are beyond that. So that just leads you to -- and our ambitions are to continue to grow the margin much more than we had in 2019, and that will go through with our proven formula, right? We continue to grow the business, to capacity growth, moderate yield growth and really strong control cost controls and disciplined capital allocation, we think will deliver more margin.
Naftali Holtz: Thank you. We thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Michael will be available for any follow-up. I wish you all a great day.
