Jason T. Liberty: Yes. Well, the booking curve, I think, is always a factor in this. But I think when you look at your commentary first in the first quarter, some of the things that we were implementing early on in the year actually took faster than we thought. And so we were better in the first quarter on the onboard revenue side, but we had expected those onboard revenue activities to kind of pick up Q2 through Q4. And so the ticket environment, which we had commented on, for the first quarter, was basically as we expected, it was a little bit better and those trends have really continued. Of course, we expected the year to be strong based off the booking activities early on in the year, and that has been pretty consistent for the balance of the year to date. And so I think our commentary is not something more to read into, except that the year, on the ticket side, is pretty much behaving how we had expected it to.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes. I mean, in terms of the geography, it's really more – first off, our JV has continued to do exceptionally well and there are just – there are some small favorability that we had estimated would benefit us on the cost line, but we're actually going to be accounting for it below the line.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah. Sure. So on the demand-generating, there is lots of different things that we're choosing to invest in to improve demand and attract high-value customers, which are certainly on the rise. Now, keep in mind as we are heavily booked for the year, and so a lot of this will help influence 2019 and beyond. But again, it's – I wouldn't go into anything specific yet, except to say that we think that there is a opportunity to continue to accelerate the attraction of high-value customers, and that's what we're looking to invest the money. But again, we're talking about – this is a small amount of money.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes. This year, there's – I mean, obviously, there's – you can influence it on the margins, but it's much more about 2019 and beyond.
Jason T. Liberty: And, David, the other point that I wanted to add, because I think it's important just to add on to Michael's comment about us being in a strong year-over-year book position in the Caribbean, I would also consider that we have a significant increase this year with – in the short product area with Mariner coming in. And that's a much closer in booking product. So for us to be in a position of strength in combination with the closer – in booked type of product like the short Caribbean, really kind of, I think, is a testament to the strength of our position in the Caribbean today.
Jason T. Liberty: Well, I think as it relates to close-in pricing, obviously, we very much focus in on behavior of the past. And so how we have – those behaviors in the quarters, especially over the past four to six quarters where we saw strength in close-in, that's something that we would be accounting for in how we look at our book position and as well as our guidance.
Jason T. Liberty: Okay. Thank you. Thank you, Steve. So on the capital deployment basis, I think that you're going to continue – so first off, it's always something that is at the discretion of our board, whether or not we continue on with a share repurchase program. But we have generally believed that a mix of shareholder returns should include the performance of the business, i.e., to the share price, dividend growth and also repurchasing shares opportunistically. There is nothing I would say that would say that we would change that behavior at this point in time.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah. So first just on the question on the Caribbean side, obviously, we've commented about being in a strong book position and also with bookings accelerating for the Caribbean. I won't get into specifically by product what our book position is, but what I will tell you for the third quarter is that we are in a strong book position on both a rate and volume basis. And so we – yes, we understand where the supply is. I think people should consider our dialogue around the booking window having extended for a period of time, us being in a very strong position of strength at the turn of the year. And so we've obviously been anticipating the supply that has been coming in to the different regions and products of the world. But I would say that we are in a very good position for Q3. On the capacity side, I think that there – obviously, our commentary about the booking environment is what we're seeing, which would include sailings in the 2019 period of time though it's still very early, but the acceleration and the strength that we're talking about also reflects what we're seeing in 2019. I think when we consider demand, I think we've been pretty consistent about this, there are some very strong demographic shifts, there are very strong consumer trends of people buying experiences versus stuff. Richard commented in his script about the perception of cruise on the rise, and we think levers like social media and so forth are really helping break through stereotypes on cruise. And we have seen a real change in our new-to-cruise volumes. That's also suggesting that a lot of these past detractors are becoming fans of cruise. And also, we continue to focus on penetrating the different markets around the world. We're expanding our footprint each and every year and penetration in all those different markets. So we think there's a lot of reasons why you investors and us are very excited about the future demand of cruise. And of course, we need to make sure that we're managing the booking environment and the consideration of the supply that's coming on in different quarters and in different years.
Jason T. Liberty: I did comment that China was quite strong in the first quarter. We didn't comment specifically in terms of what our yield guidance would be for China but we do expect yields to be up quite nicely in the Asia Pac area. And of course China is a contributor of that.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah. Sure. Sure, Harry. So I commented on this a little bit earlier, but really – and this year is very well booked. Certainly, we can be influencing this year on the margins by increasing investments in demand-generating activities. But really what we're focused on is improving demand generation especially for high-value guests further out. So it's more related to 2019 and beyond than it is significantly influencing 2018.
Jason T. Liberty: I would say that the focus of that spending, again, is more longer term, as Richard noted. Certainly, some of those elements would be to further enhance our connectivity and marketing to segments like the millennials.
Jason T. Liberty: Well, I can't comment on the industry as it relates to what others are doing relating to their booking curve. We are, and have been, proactively managing demand and using our sophisticated yield management tools and the consideration of the supply that's coming forward to continue to put ourselves in a posture for success. I do think that the product that, especially our Royal Caribbean International brand, is offering in the Caribbean because, obviously, it's a very large percentage of their capacity, is certainly leading in its offering and that's why we continue to see very strong demand. If you just look at the demand for Harmony and Symphony, and as Michael commented, on Mariner, just kind of core new products into the Caribbean, it's been quite exceptional.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah. Well, Celebrity is definitely higher than our average in terms of its yield performance. And Edge is – again, it's a brand new ship in a fleet that has not had a new ship in many, many years, so demand is exceptionally strong. So it is certainly higher than the Celebrity average by quite a bit. I would just keep in mind that really the benefits from Edge are really going to help us in 2019, as there's only a few sailings that will take place in 2018, mainly in the month of December.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes. So thanks, Vince, and thank you for pointing that out. That's exactly right. If FX and fuel were what they were at the time of our January guidance, we wouldn't have raised by just $0.15. We would have risen by $0.25. Certainly, the JVs, both TUI and Pullmantur are doing quite well and they are definitely a part of the contribution. And effectively, those things are basically – we're kind of offsetting the increase in our costs that we updated here at the time of this call. So, yes, they're basically offsetting that. And so that $0.25 raise is really relating to the Q1 beat. And then of course, the FX and fuel lowered that down by $0.10. So it would have been $0.25, but it's $0.15.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah. I think that there was an opportunity. Obviously, we are a minority shareholder in that business and there was an opportunity to sell that ship to actually TUI AG. And it was just decided that we were going to move on from that venture. It actually will help us quite a bit in the forward years as TUI Cruises will hold on to Mein Schiff 2 for the coming years, which will further improve our profitability outlook for 2019 on.
Jason T. Liberty: Okay. You got it. Thank you for your assistance, James, with the call today. And we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Carola will be available for any follow-ups that you all might have, and we really wish you all a great day and appreciate the interest. Take care.
Michael W. Bayley: Hi, Felicia, it's Michael. Yeah, demand has been strong and we're booking ahead of same time last year in the Caribbean, so we're quite pleased with the performance. When you look at the differential between the Southern, Eastern and Western, as we'd commented earlier, Puerto Rico has been slightly sluggish. But then the Western Caribbean and other itineraries have been performing particularly well, including the Cuban itineraries, which we've almost doubled capacity into Cuba this year. So the balance of things are quite good. And then I think it's also worth pointing out that when you look at the Caribbean overall, I think it's about 51% of our total capacity in the Caribbean in 2018. The numbers by quarter are quite different. So Q1, over 70% of our total capacity was in the Caribbean, and we had a pretty good quarter as we've just announced. As you move into Q2, it drops down to the mid-40s, and then Q3 just below 40% and Q4 around 57%. So the environment is fairly good. It's meeting our expectations. And in fact, the last couple of weeks, we've seen quite a lot of strength in our bookings for Caribbean.
Michael W. Bayley: Hi Robin, it's Michael. It's both. I mean, obviously, we've been really pleased with our pre-cruise sales, and we've seen a significant uplift year-over-year that's been increasing for the past couple of years, and it's a big driver of onboard spend. I mean we kind of figure that if we – for every dollar that we earn pre-cruise we'll see somewhere between a 30% and a 50% uptick in the onboard spend. So it's a really positive environment. And then of course over the years we've invested quite heavily in new venues and new attractions onboard of our ships and many of those are revenue-generating. And we're beginning to see a lot of those now yielding superior revenue because of the kind of services that they provide. So it's really in the combination. And then I'd say the third element is, as we'd mentioned, people really are seeking experiences. So our Internet has been really selling very well. And then of course things like shore excursions, et cetera, we've seen a significant uplift there.
Michael W. Bayley: Yeah, hi, David, it's Michael. Yeah, we're ahead overall in the Caribbean. I mean we've got obviously a lot of product in the Caribbean, in different parts of the Caribbean. So as usual, the story is mixed across different products. We had commented earlier that the product out of Puerto Rico was softer. Of course, it's only one ship that we have full year operating out of Puerto Rico in the whole portfolio of ships. Western Caribbean, after the hurricanes in September, Western Caribbean performed extremely well, while Eastern Caribbean was sluggish. And then we did see a period of quite a few weeks where it took time for the Eastern Caribbean to start coming back and the same with the Southern Caribbean. It's also worth pointing out that during that whole period, I think we'd mentioned it previously, if you look at those three storms that blew through in September, it was very unique and it really impacted negatively about five or six ports out a total of around 60 ports. So there's plenty of product and itineraries that are being opened for sale and have done very, very well even during this period.
Michael W. Bayley: That question is exceptionally difficult to answer because, of course, as one ship comes in, we redeploy other ships. So there's a lot of movement of deployment to accommodate ships that we put into specific products during specific times. So I'm not sure that's an easy answerable question. I can tell you that when you look at our deployment in the Caribbean in 2018, we're obviously excited about the fact that Symphony of the Seas is coming in, in the fourth quarter. And I think as we'd previously mentioned, Symphony is knocking it out of the park in terms of booking. I mean, it was doing exceptionally well before we introduced it. And literally, one little statistic, the week after we introduced Symphony of the Seas, our bookings beat track by 50%. That's the week after we introduced the ship. So it's really performing well. It's coming into the Caribbean, and it's coming into our new terminal, Terminal A. And then of course, Celebrity Edge as well. To Jason's comments about Mariner – Mariner is, we're very excited about Mariner as a product coming into the shorts market, and that's very much focused on new-to-cruise and millennial, and that really is the on-ramp for that market. That ship is literally like having an Oasis class ship in the short product market because its capacity is just over 3,000, 3,200, 3,400 every three or four days, and the sweet spot for Mariner is just coming up. So we're about three months away from launching the ship into the shorts market, and already sales are good for that product.
Michael W. Bayley: Hi, Greg. Yeah, European demand for European product has been strong. And of course, North American demand for European products has been I would say even stronger. So it's so far it's a great season and it's looking like it's going to be good for the year in Europe. With regards to Western, Eastern Med, we are seeing – I think it was a couple of years ago with all of the geopolitical issues, there was a lot of capacity shift from the Eastern to Western and Northern. And over the past several months, we've seen an increase in demand and a shift with a lot of the Northern European tour operators in terms of taking people to Eastern Med destinations. So demand is coming back. I think we see more stability in the region and I think that's translating into increased interest from our customers. We have started to slightly increase our capacity and itineraries into the Eastern Med. We've got some this year and we've got more next year and the demand looks good. And I think if we're lucky and the geopolitical situation stays stable I think the Eastern Med may be returning.
Michael W. Bayley: Well, Harry, we recently announced significant upgrades and modernization programs both for Celebrity with Celebrity Revolution and Royal Caribbean International with Royal Amplified. For Royal Caribbean, we're literally taking all of our Voyager, Freedom class, and in fact, Oasis and Allure and putting them through significant upgrades, modernization, et cetera, which includes elements of adding features, attractions, venues that will further stimulate onboard spend. So if – to answer the question in terms of a percentage, I don't think I could do that. I think our focus is always the balance between generating improved Net Promoter Scores and guest satisfaction, but combining that with improving revenue by taking every opportunity that we think is going to do that for us.
Michael W. Bayley: Tim, if I gave you that information, my entire marketing team would be really unhappy with me. I would say that we have made a journey over the past couple of years from traditional to digital marketing, and it's been fairly significant and we continue that journey. We think that there is better targeting and it's a more efficient channel. And certainly, with our social media presence, we believe that we've maneuvered ourselves into a really strong position in our space. And in fact, we just recently conducted an independent survey of where we are positioned in terms of the social media universe. And we came out of it exceptionally well in terms of how people view Royal Caribbean through that lens and how they're engaging with Royal Caribbean. We're also seeing that with the response from onboard Internet and how people are using the accelerated Internet to utilize social media to actually promote our brands, which has been really quite effective. So it's a good channel. It's also a channel that is, obviously, preferred by the millennial and obviously new-to-cruise. So it's a great channel to activate that group. As it relates to new-to-cruise millennial, very much the strategy that we've started to reveal in terms of the modernization of Mariner of the Seas and putting that ship into the 3- and 4-day product, combining it with our significant investment into a Perfect Day CocoCay and the kind of experiences that we're creating with Perfect Day, when you combine Mariner, modernized with all of the new features that we're adding to that ship and how that ship will operate in that market, along with the Perfect Day CocoCay, we really think that's going to be an accelerated on-ramp for new-to-cruise and millennial. And of course, marketing programs are pushing that heavily through social media. So I can't really give you numbers. All I can tell you is that we're aggressively moving in that direction and we are seeing very positive results from those actions.
Michael W. Bayley: Yeah. Obviously, we manage against the track and we're constantly calibrating that track in terms of expectation of volume and rate and revenue, et cetera, by product and by brand. And obviously, we're constantly engaged with that performance track and a lot of our investment marketing decisions are based upon that performance. And this of course is interesting when you see things like the 1,000-point drop in the stock market at some point. I think it was a few months ago. You can see the curve drop a little bit as people concern themselves, obviously, at what's going on with the stock market and it soon returns. But over the last couple of weeks, yeah, we've seen strength above our expectations for the past two weeks on all of our Caribbean products and we've also seen that in the Southern and Eastern Caribbean.
Robin M. Farley: Great, thanks. Two things I wanted to ask about. One is the higher expense from the revenue-generating activity or demand-generating activities. Can you give us a little color about what that might be, just so we can think about the timing because sort of typically you would think about, if you're just spending on like increased TV ads, you'd expect that to maybe impact booking in the same quarter. And so just wondering if the demand-generating spend is focused on something that will impact bookings today or is it more something like a few quarters out? And I do have one other question.
Robin M. Farley: And so it sounds like basically you're saying, you're not spending that. You're not having to spend more to hit the yields that you had guided. This spend is really for sort of next year's yield, is that...
Robin M. Farley: Okay. Great. No, that's very helpful. And I just think it's helpful to think about how the expense is not really – it's not that you're needing to spend more to maintain your yield guidance. So that's helpful to think about that as being kind of for future. Okay. Thanks.
Richard D. Fain: Robin, it's Richard here. Good morning. I'll just add, you're focusing, as I understand, clearly on sort of the marginal change. We're looking at all these things together and more as a total revenue at the margin. But you've also put your finger on something as Michael says, this, the pre-booking is a real advantage. It increases the spend. It also increases their satisfaction. So it's across the board, it's a terrific thing to do. But there's not only the cost associated with the specifics, but there's also the cost of the technology. And we think that is paying off over time this year and next year. But there's no question it's a cost. We think it's a cost that quickly pays for itself.
Richard D. Fain: Yeah. David, I would also say, I kind of share your view. Last year, we were really constantly surprised at how strong the year turned out. And so I think we kept saying during the year, it was an exceptional year. And we think that this has been a very strong year, but I think we are not seeing the extraordinary pleasant surprises that we had last year.
Richard D. Fain: Yeah. Harry, it's Richard, just to add to that, coming back at I think a little bit you're covering some of the same territory that Robin covered. We think this is proving to be a very positive year. And it on its own is performing at least as well as we expected it. And overall, we've raised our guidance for the year. Our marketing, our technology investments, our other demand-generating investments are really generally fairly long-term kinds of things. And so I'll disabuse the notion that in order to keep the yields up, we've had to invest heavily in marketing. I think our focus continues to be long term. And again, I also want to emphasize, we're not just talking marketing with some of these things. The technology, we think helps us and will help us in the future, et cetera. So as Jason pointed out, this is a long-term kind of process. There are, of course – there's tactical marketing and strategic marketing, and we try and keep that balanced. But this is not a response to anything other than what we think is in the best long-term interests of the company. And as we said in our prepared remarks, we're actually feeling pretty good about 2019 and the future. So I think we're a little bit surprised at so much of the questions on that topic.
Richard D. Fain: Harry, you don't have to apologize. The purpose here is to communicate as much as we can, and we welcome all opportunities to that.
Richard D. Fain: And, Harry, your question actually gives me the opportunity to amplify a point that we've made before. The industry has proven its ability to respond to consumer needs. So some of the things that Michael is talking about that we're doing at Royal, that we're doing at Celebrity, that we're doing at Azamara are – and our other joint ventures are really responses to the way peoples' tastes have changed, their desires have changed, and it's paying off for us. So I think this actually gives me a chance to reemphasize this point. We're evolving. We're evolving as an industry, and we're definitely evolving as brands within Royal Caribbean. And that evolution, that upgrading of our product that we're offering, both in terms of the standard things you think about, the food, the entertainment, et cetera, but also the other kinds of memory-producing activities, experiential activities. We really think that's the kind of thing that has been driving and we think will continue to drive increased demand. And that's why we tend to focus on the demand side of the supply-demand balance.
Richard D. Fain: This wasn't an initiative that had a short timeframe. It was a program and we're continuing on it. We think it hurt us in the short term and helped us overall. It's hard to measure these things, but I personally think it's continuing to help us. In fact, I think I called it out in my comments. And we are continuing it. We're continuing not to make exceptions. We continue to discount. I mean, I want to be clear, we've always discounted and that's a part of a normal process. What the program says is we won't add any new discounts in the last 30 days, and we're sticking to that. We think it's been successful. We think it will continue to be. And it's not that the initiative has run its course, it's that it's in place and it will continue to be in place.
