Jason Liberty: Sure. Well, thanks Steve. So on the first quarter beat, yes, you were right. We were about a month in when we gave guidance. Really it is a combination of very strong on-board trends and better close-in demand, specifically in the Caribbean and then China outperformed our expectations for the quarter. On the onboard side, which has been exceptionally strong we saw an over index of spend on shore excursion our packages like beverage packaging, internet package and again more focused on the experiential stuff versus seeing more spend occur within the retail shops.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Some of it's just rounding Steve, but yes some of that's also just further, I mean, investments in Silversea would be really the driver of that and that's more on the product side.
Jason Liberty: Yes, sure. So as it relates to the $0.25 most of that – well, all of that $0.25 will take place in 2019. There is some leak over for future cruise certificates into 2020 that will also impact next year. But the way that we, I mean, this is generally most of this will be something that we will we able to recover in the future. There's -- there are some things as it relates to the yard that could potentially impact us into 2020. But for the most part this revenue loss is EPC loss were -- will be things that we'll lose this year, but gain back next year.
Jason Liberty: Yes, so I won't give a specific number. But the way we look at the $50 million which was really more on a cost perspective that would be synergies that we would be recognizing over a two to three year period of time. We are on a very strong track and to meet that potentially even a little bit earlier. So there is a good piece of it that is in the 2019 numbers, but the majority of it will start to come into next year and into 2021.
Jason Liberty: Okay. In terms of the mix of the outlook, it's probably in diff a little bit higher on the ticker side. But I mean the onboard is also a big driver of this. As we commented and Michael commented about our pre-cruise sales to our outlook into how people are planning to spend while they are on the ship is very good and we saw that take place in the first quarter. So it is a combination of both onboard and ticket. I mean the onboard is also a very big driver of this, as we commented and Michael commented about our pre-cruise sales to our outlook into how people are planning to spend while they are on the ship is very good and we saw that take place in the first quarter. So it is a combination of both onboard and ticket that we expect to drive the yield -- the 75 basis point uplift in our yield outlook for the 2019 period of time. The comment in the release is really just leveraging what we have been saying on our calls for some time to just kind of to keep in mind that yes, we're in a very strong demand environment and our ability to identify and harvest that demand with the tools and techniques that we have we feel very good about. But we have said that we -- there is this kind of constant internal debate about are we taking too much on too soon? And that's sometimes leaving money on the table. And I think that's really what that statement's about is that your booked position is not just a reflection of the demand it's also a reflection of your revenue management decisions to take those bookings at that point in time. And that was really more just kind of stressing that point again.
Jason Liberty: Yes and I just want to add one other thing. I think it's good to kind of break down a little bit of it. Of our core yield growth this year, about a third of it is the new hardware and a little bit over two-thirds of it is improvement in our like-for-like business. So, I think it's a combination of all the things that Richard talked about as well as just stronger demand or poor cruise perception of cruise continues to rise demographics are certainly following into the favor of cruise, a lot of multi-generational travel. And so -- yes, I think that the piece this year which is -- if you heard us in the past we would typically say half of our yield growth was coming from the new hardware and half was coming from just core like-for-like yield growth. This year we're seeing an elevated amount of yield growth on just a like-for-like.
Jason Liberty: Yes, it's really focused on the on-island revenue that's there. In terms of the yield growth it's -- that's something that's in the core yield number.
Jason Liberty: Sure. So certainly Perfect Day and Royal are helping us in the yield outlook story here. But we're seeing broad very strong demand for cruise. If you look at Celebrity -- especially with Celebrity Edge, I mean yield growth associated with that or the overall demand for Edge has really been exceptional. So, I don't think it is a specific segment. I don't think it's a specific brand. I think we're seeing overall very strong demand for cruising in general. And yes that outlook at least for this year is a pretty consistent path in terms of yield growth. But I do think it's important just to put it in perspective I mean seeing some of the strength we've seen on our core yields this is not what we typically see in a year. So yes, I think we're yes as Richard commented, we are very delighted to see the global demand accelerating. But I always would kind of -- looking out into the future I would not expect this type of yield improvement year in year out.
Jason Liberty: Yes so I'll comment specifically on TUI. I think as – obviously, we saw strength in the first quarter from our joint ventures and our largest joint venture is TUI. So hopefully that can provide you some kind of insight in terms of how TUI is trading. I think as Michael said, we expected there be some a bit softness as it relates to the U.K. It's not a volume. It's just more we're seeing better demand from other markets. And of course, when we see that, we're going to look to grab that demand and optimize our yields. And when you look at the other markets, northern markets in Europe are a little bit stronger than the southern markets. And yes, I know there's been some talk around Germany, but overall as it relates to TUI cruises which is really more where we are that business continues to perform very well.
Jason Liberty: Yes it's definitely too early to start to comment on 2020. We're obviously seeing very strong demand trends that are accelerating our yield outlook for the -- for this year and we will comment on 2020 as we start to get to the back half of this year.
Jason Liberty: Okay. It's a different approach, but it's -- so as we've said for some time I mean our North Star here is looking at more investment grade credit metrics so it means maintaining between three and 3.5 times. We get closer to the lower end of those metrics as we get to the back half of this year. And as we've said for a long time that we very much believe in returning capital to our shareholders and improving shareholder returns. But as it relates to share repurchase, we do that opportunistically and we will certainly be looking at that in the back half of the year.
Jason Liberty: Yes, well the 400 is really just relating to the second quarter, which we have not provided any guidance for. We still expect about 350 basis points in our yield guide for the full year.
Jason Liberty: No, no James, I was just going to add to -- just keep in mind that if that decision was taken pretty late in the booking cycle for that consumer for the Med.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. So, it really just relates to the one-third interest that we don't have, because we consolidate Silversea. That flows through our P&L. It would be 100%, and then the non-controlling interest gets back down for the one-third. And so, it is going to be difficult to model, I can see externally this year. But it should be a relatively small amount in each quarter that impacts us as we built this overseas business up.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. Well, another good attempt, Tim. I could say, but I won't. It is very early on. Obviously, we're in a very good booking environment. But I'm not going to comment or we're not going to comment on the book position for 2020. We're -- we've obviously seen very good trends into this year that would result on those raisings our yield guidance, but it is way too early to start to comment on the outlook or to give you even a book position that may or may not provide you the proper realities of what the future looks like.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. I mean, the vast majority of it was either Oasis relating to the APCDs or so on the repair cost. There are some other small related investments like in technology and so forth that we're making, but not large sums of money.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. We don't guide by market, but I -- or provide yield by market. But what I would say is that -- I think a better word is that it's -- the U.K. is softer than North America and then North America is stronger than -- our systems and tools and how we do things means, we're going to source more guests out of North America. As Michael said this is -- based off of what we had been seeing for sometime, we expect a less sourcing to take place out of the U.K. because of the strengths we saw in the other markets. But I wouldn't read into it too deeply that there is a major issue in the U.K. It's more of that we have seen stronger demand trends from other markets.
Jason Liberty: Great. Okay thank you for your assistance Cheryl today. And we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Carola will be available for any follow-ups you might have and we wish you all a very good day.
Michael Bayley: Hey, Steve, this is Michael. I just wanted to add as well that I think as time passes, we're becoming a lot more sophisticated with our ability to pre-cruise market products, services and experiences. And I really feel like we're making good progress. The other element of course is that we're seeing a lot of demand for the products and the activities and experiences that we've got on Perfect Day. So we're kind of excited about what we see there. And I think I heard that you actually were there a couple of weeks ago.
Michael Bayley: Yes. I mean, obviously, we've given this experience the name Perfect Day. And we've designed Perfect Day to deliver what we think will generally be a perfect day for our customers. And we -- from what we've seen so far with between 4,000 and 6,000 people on the island, we've got a huge amount of space available. So we've engineered designed for peak and the peak was way up close to 10,000. We obviously now we'll operate it with bigger ships coming to Perfect Day, and we'll see how we go. I think we're kind of feeling pretty optimistic about the potential for three ship calls versus two ship calls that could take us up to 12,000 a day. And remember, it's a fairly large island and we've only developed about a third of it.
Michael Bayley: Hi, David, it's Michael. I think the beauty of global infrastructure is we can switch on and off demand with relevant pricing relatively easy. We did expect some volatility and softness in the U.K. market this year. It's because of Brexit and we assumed there may be some volatility in Europe. But Europe's doing exactly what we needed to do this year and we're fortunate that the demand from the North American markets has been particularly strong. And we also have good demand for our European products from Asia Pacific as well. So it's a mix. I think that we are lucky that we do have this global structure and we go through careful planning in terms of the year before in trying to guestimate what's going to happen in each of these markets. And I think we've done a pretty good job this year in figuring out what's going to happen.
Michael Bayley: Hi, James, it's Michael. I think we commented earlier that we expected some softness or some volatility in the UK market, and we kind of planned for that. Interestingly, what we have seen is fairly good demand for products outside of Europe. So we've seen an uptick out of the UK market for products in the Caribbean and for Asia-Pacific coming out of the UK market. And I think that's happening generally out of the UK market. But -- and for our ex-UK products, demand has continued to be pretty robust. It's the UK gas booking product in the Mediterranean that's probably the most, I would say, volatile. And I think that's based upon anxiety of how exactly the visa issue is going to be resolved. But it's all of course, as we all know, it's an incredibly uncertain. And I think that's what's creating that uncertainty with the customer in terms of booking those products. But the other products are doing quite well.
Michael Bayley: James, it's Michael. I think we're kind of pleased with Alaska. I mean we -- I think as Jason mentioned earlier, we increased our capacity in the Alaska market by quite a lot this year. Ovation of the Seas is the largest newest ship to go into the Alaska market. Celebrity Edge is the second Celsius class ship. Our capacity was up in the high-double-digits. I think it was something like 24%, 25% increase in capacity. It's only about 5% of our total capacity for the whole business, and of course, it's the highest yielding geographical market that we have. So, we've added quite a lot of capacity. We're doing very well in the market, and we're pleased with our results there. I think maybe other brands and products are having a struggle, but we're feeling pretty good about where we are.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Jamie, it's Michael. We're feeling again pretty good about the journey that we're on with the distribution in China. I'm not going to comment specifically about percentage changes that we've achieved over the past couple of years. We decided, I think it was three years ago we set the course to change the model in terms of distribution, but also product and itinerary lanes. And we set ourselves internal targets to ensure that we were on the right track, and we've met or exceeded those targets each year for the past three years. And we feel like we're really in a good place in terms of where we want to go. Obviously the fact that we've brought -- we're bringing Spectrum of the Seas our newest and latest Quantum Ultra ship into the China market I think really supports the decisions that we've made previously. And Spectrums, it's a lot of anticipation and excitement in the China market for the arrival of Spectrum and the bookings are in a really good place.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Stephen, this is Michael. I think we stated a few years ago one of our key areas of focus was on new-to-cruise in particularly in market like the United States we've been quite focused on growing our new-to-cruise segment. We have changed some of our strategy so everything that we've done with the short product where we took the Voyager class ships and put them through role amplified and then place them into the short product with Perfect Day CocoCay has really stimulated that new-to-cruise segment. So that's part of it. Our loyalty customers continue to grow. They like the brands and they enjoy what we provide. I think the new ships, we've been very focused on not only the continuation of kind of on innovation in bringing new products and services to our guests. But we've done a lot more analytics on, really trying to understand what's going to attract those customers and bring them back and also be able to maintain higher yields.
Richard Fain: Felicia, it’s Richard. I'll take a stab at that and Michael and Jason can add in if they have others. It is hard. I'm not sure a couple of years ago we ourselves would have predicted a strong market as we're seeing today. I think we look at it as an entire experience and it's hard to say well the technology is really helping. At the risk of the offending Michael, the Perfect Day is making the change. And it's clear both are by the way and both have been very effective. And we've been pleased with the reaction to our new ships. So, Celebrity Edge has just been going gangbusters and Celebrity Flora which is coming out -- it's about to come out is going gangbusters as well. And the Island and the technology, the people, our ratings, and our ratings on our guest appreciation of our wonderful crew members is going up. And these things work together and I'm not sure I know how to separate them out. The other aspects of that is we all enjoy reaping the benefits of that and you're quite right, we do enjoy reaping the benefits of that. But these things take a long time in advance to orchestrate. And so we are incurring a lot of costs both capital costs and operating costs to put in place these things which then don't pay off for a while into the future. And I also will admit that it's a little frustrating to have to invest now and reap the rewards later. But this is a long-term industry. We think our success is very much related to our ability to focus on what's happening not this year, but what's happening down the road. So, I'm not sure I know how to separate those things, but I think we all worked together to accomplish the goal.
Richard Fain: And actually not to blabber your question, but it opens a lot of really important doors. The other thing that's happened is the cruise industry not just us, but the whole industry is doing a better job of addressing the growth in the public's demand for experiences over things. And so I think we have been also just fortunate that our industry is in the sweet spot of the direction that the public seems to be going in as well.
Richard Fain: Tim, I think we should maybe reemphasize. The comment that we made about booking wasn't anything to do with the world as we're seeing it today. It's a point that we've made before which is that we think that there may be too much focus on this statistics that we are ahead on bookings in both volume and price, because we actually drive some of that. And also if we just change the way our itineraries work. So, if we shifted in one year -- and I'm not saying we're doing that -- but if we have one year where we had much more shorter cruises we would expect to have less other books at a lower prices and conversely if we had a year where we had less -- more long-term bookings you would expect that statistic to go up. And so, I think our concern is that people may be putting too much emphasis on that. And I hate to put cold water on our ability to forecast, but a couple of years ago in one of our calls I actually made the point that I thought that we have reached a peak and that we probably wouldn't want to increase the amount of early bookings that we took and in fact, our revenue manager said no actually given the circumstances we've got to go even higher. So, my prediction there wasn't very, very accurate. So, I think we were -- we were really making a generic comment. And we really, I want to emphasize, are not trying to make any comment about 2020 or 2021.
A – Jason Liberty: Just to add to it as well, I'd keep in mind, these ships are having much richer mix of inventory than numerous ships. They also have many more onboard revenue venues. And I think it's also one of the things that's different about them maybe versus some of our ships or legacy ships is that, they source very well globally. So there's a lot of new-to-cruise, but a lot of that is not just coming from a single market, it's coming from many different markets.
A – Jason Liberty: Yes I would just add I think it's -- you had mentioned Stephen about direct. I don't think it's about direct. I mean we really are a channel of choice. But I think that the technology that we're employing, I think the work we're doing around data and the consumer insights that come out of that are really yielding a better engagement with the consumer, a better understanding for the consumer is looking for in the product which is really led to a lot of our modernization of our ships and the basis of our new ships. And it is also why we're very focused on the destination experience. So I think it's a combination of all those things to make sure that we are providing a relevant product that -- or products that our consumers are very attracted to and are willing to pay for.
A – Jason Liberty: Yes so as it relates to -- again the items that we had kind of called out of the Perfect Day and for the Miami and Silversea, on the Perfect Day side that is really relating to the onboard or really the onshore dollars. So in our 75 basis points increase in our yields or that we've provided that's really -- included in that is yield improvement that we have seen or salvation of yield improvement we have seen for the ships that are going to Perfect Day. But that's just a component of that. The pre-cruise sales we're seeing in general are accelerating and the different experiential things on the ships are also very much a part of that as well as the great demand we're seeing from our other brands and other markets around the world.
A – Jason Liberty: Well we have a very consistent hedging program. We're typically 40% to 60% hedged 12 to 24 months out. So it's not a reflection of how we maybe feel in the moment about fuel prices. But one thing I would say about if you look at our fuel hedging into the future it is more -- it's indexed more towards MGO than it is to IFO and so I would give you those characteristics of the hedged profile going forward.
