Adam Goldstein: Thank you Brian. Good morning everybody. Royal Caribbean International completed a year of progress in 2010 with improved revenue and cost, as well as the highly successful entry of the Allure of the Seas into service in December. We are excited to leverage our industry leading 22 ship fleet to continue developing our global business. And in fact we will be enhancing this fleet throughout 2011 under the royal advantage umbrella. As Richard mentioned, we are beginning to Oasissize [ph] the number of our ships beginning with Liberty of the Seas, which is currently on dry dock in the Bahamas. In addition to implementing the DreamWorks experience, we will debut Saturday Night Fever The Musical, add a 3-D movie capability and introduce other offerings in the areas of dining, children’s programming and customer facing technologies. They will also be revitalizing Freedom of the Seas, Radiance of the Seas, and Splendour of the Seas this year, as well as adding the DreamWorks experience to Oasis of the Seas. A year ago we cited a notable first-quarter revenue yield improvement in ships we had operating in Brazil, Australia, Dubai, Panama, Colombia, and Singapore. I am pleased to report that these same products, which primarily depend on local market sourcing are on their way to another robust year-over-year first-quarter yield improvement. These products are building our brand awareness and preference in faster-growing emerging cruise markets, while lessening our dependence on winter Caribbean market conditions. It is easy to speak about new ship features and itineraries because there are so tangible. Less obvious, but not necessarily less important are the enhancements we’re adding to our customer database, website, and Crown & Anchor Society Loyalty Program. All of these capabilities benefit from the incorporation of the latest marketing technology, and all of them are facilitating our global expansion. As Richard and Brian have noted the WAVE period is off to a promising start. We still have a lot of cruises to sell for 2011, particularly in Europe, where we’re adding three ships this summer, and therefore we have some unlimited visibility as to how the different market sectors will perform. We continue to benefit from close-in bookings where late volume is needed, and our newer products continue to sell at premium pricing to the relevant cruise competition. In closing, I would like to once again thank the men and women, who serve on our ships, for another year of delivering the wow [ph] to over 3 million Royal Caribbean guests from all over the world. Dan.
Adam Goldstein: Hi, this is Adam. We have commented in past calls usually this quarter I suppose in past years that as a percentage of the total bookings that we take during the course of a whole year the impact of WAVE is somewhat less from what it used to be years back. But it still is it still reflects a disproportionately high percentage of the overall bookings for the year from the period that starts about the second week in January and goes through late February, early March. So it is relatively significant. It obviously is key to the determination of the booking strength for Q2 and Q3. And I commented on that earlier in my prepared remarks. So we are very pleased and have been pleased at the consistently booking strength that we have seen for a number of quarters at this point. To the extent that that is still the case and WAVE remains strong that will obviously allow our revenue management team to push pricing more as we come to the sailing date. But we’re very early in the WAVE, and notwithstanding that last week was the record booking week, and this week is competitive with last week, we still have many weeks of the WAVE to go to see really what the demand generation will allow us to do in the way of pricing.
Adam Goldstein: Hi Janet. As I mentioned there are four ships that we are doing notable work on. Two of them are the relatively new ships of Liberty of the Seas, and Freedom of the Seas, where we are distinctly Oasissizing them with a number of different features, and I mentioned some of those. And then as a part of our long-term approach to revitalization of older classes of ship, we’re going to be doing substantial work to the Radiance of the Seas, and to Splendour of the Seas this year. And I will echo Dan’s comment in terms of the amount of focus that there is on finding ways to keep within the prevailing cost structure, while also looking for onboard revenue generation opportunities through adding features. And then the older ships occasionally present opportunities for either adding a small number of staterooms, because we have just figured out that there are spaces on board where we can do that over the course of time, and sometimes we are able to add balconies where they weren’t previously balconies. And when we are able to do that that obviously has a positive effect on revenue. But in the great scheme of the fleet and the overall operation of the brands those are fairly minor factors.
Adam Goldstein: Hi, it is Adam again. There should be a distinction here between the West Coast and the East Coast of Mexico. On the West Coast, we made a fairly significant decision about a year ago that we would move Mariner of the Seas out of Los Angeles, and as it happened she is on her way around South America right now for a short program in Brazil, and then eventually onto Europe for this coming summer, and then shall be in Galveston for next winter. After that we won’t have any regular capacity on the West Coast of Mexico for the foreseeable future. We love to be back there on the longer term future, but we feel like we have better opportunities for where to place our 22 ships in the near term. On the other hand in the Caribbean Gulf of Mexico area, where we’re frequently going to Cozumel, and Costa Maya and other ports, we are seeing the demand as we have been talking about throughout this call. Our biggest and newest ships and other ships are going to those ports on a regular basis, and we don’t feel that there are any obstacles with regard to demand for cruises that go to those ports.
Adam Goldstein: Yes. But he is overseeing the leading premium line. Anyway, I think you can tell just from the pricing that is in the market, and I know you and many of your colleagues actively track the pricing that is in the market, whether it is in the Caribbean or elsewhere. So you can see as well as we can see that Oasis Class in particular, and to a lesser extent freedom class continue to command already substantial premiums to the capacity of those out there. And while there are some more ships that will be entered into service in the industry in the next few years, they are I believe in every case now the second, or third, or fourth in an existing series of ships. So I have said on previous calls and I will say it again, we don’t see any potential new entrants into the category in the near future that would rival the types of features and communities, choices and variety that Oasis Class ships offer to our guests, and frankly other ships in our fleet offer to our guests speaking about the Royal Caribbean International brand. So we would expect to continue to command premiums roughly like the ones that you see in the market today.
Adam Goldstein: We obviously do a lot of internal analysis to understand where we stack up against our competition, but those aren’t quantitative metrics that we would declare to the marketplace, particularly since you have about an equal capability to calculate them as we do. So we will continue to challenge you and your analysts to compete against us and our analysts.
Daniel Hanrahan: Thanks Adam. Good morning everybody. We are very excited about the upcoming year for Celebrity. As you have heard everybody before me mention, we have been pleased with the first couple of weeks of WAVE, and as always have a lot of good things happening. As you may know, we launched a series of new ads in December designed to highlight Rx [ph] and make it synonymous with the best in vacation. In fact, we have recently been recognized as one of the top cruise lines in the world in coveted annual reader’s surveys in several upscale publications such as Conde Nast Traveler, Travel + Leisure, Celebrated Living, Travel Weekly "Globe Awards” in the UK, which just last week honored Celebrity as the Best Premium Cruise Line in the United Kingdom. This is a particularly satisfying recognition as we have had only one season where we focused the ship on the UK market. I believe it speaks volume about the impact the Solstice Class ships are having on the consumer in the United Kingdom. At the recent Travel Weekly awards here in the States, we won Best Premium Cruise Line; Best Premium Cruise Ship, Best European Cruise Line. These awards are also very gratifying as they are voted on by the travel industry, including the travel agency community. The ongoing awards and press reviews continuously recognize Celebrity for beautiful ships, widely varied high-quality culinary experiences, and the amazing personalized service our crew delivers every day. Since our last call, we announced our plans to further elevate our onboard offerings on our two newest Solstice Class ships, Celebrity Silhouette and Celebrity Reflection by offering several new dining venues in and around our iconic Lawn Club, which are a continuation of our strategy to offer the best dining in the premium category. We also added 17 additional staterooms to Silhouette and 89 to Reflection. 34 of the Reflection staterooms will be AquaClass Suites building on the very successful AquaClass Veranda staterooms we have on Solstice, Equinox and Eclipse. The details of Solsticing of Infinity were also announced, and while we’re adding all the exciting solstice venues, we added a constellation, we are also adding 60 additional staterooms and a 107 staterooms on Infinity will be AquaClass staterooms. The addition of the staterooms as well as the Solsticing will have a very positive impact on the revenue for Infinity. As we had previously mentioned, Mercury will transfer to TUI Cruises, our joint-venture partner next month. With the exit of this ship and the addition of Silhouette, as you heard Richard mention, 55% of our fleet will be Solstice Class in 2012. This along with the increasing recognition of Celebrity as the top premium cruise line positions us well for the future. I can’t help but close with one last award we own from Frommer's Cruise Guide, all of our Solstice and Millennium class ships are in their top cruise ship rankings. I was particularly pleased with the accompanying write-up where he described the Solstice Class as the most flagrantly beautiful mega ships ever built. Brian.
Daniel Hanrahan: And Felicia this is Dan. we have factored into our thinking the Solsticing we’re going to do. We did Constellation last year. So that is factored in. Infinity doesn’t come until the end of the year, so it won’t have much of an impact in 2011. We will see the impact in 2012 you know the word is little difficult, so apologies for that, for Solsticing. It is a little hard to say even here.
Daniel Hanrahan: I get that question. We plan for that. And these are dry docks – we’re doing these scheduled dry dock times. So we aren’t creating new dry docks. We are waiting until we are going into a scheduled dry-dock and that is right in our plan.
Daniel Hanrahan: Janet, this is Dan. We’re doing one ship this year, and it will be at the end of the year, and not until December. So it is going to have a minimal impact on the current year. It will have a bigger impact on next year, and we don’t get into specific shifts in terms of the impact that – what the specific results of a specific ship are, but I can tell you that when we did Constellation this past year we were very happy with increased revenue that we got. The increase in cost on that are very, very minor. We have really focused on anything we do to do it within the current power level that we have on the ships with our crew. So we haven’t taken additional crew to do the things that we have to do, except for maybe a couple of waiters for new restaurants. So the cost changes have been very, very minor and it has really been all good for us, not an increase in our cost, but an increase in our revenue. And I will let Adam comment on Royal.
Brian Rice: Thank you Dan. we would now like to open the call for your questions. As a reminder, we ask that you limit your questions to no more than two. If you have more, we would be happy to address them after the call. Beneda.
Brian Rice: Steve, the first-quarter ticket revenues are very consistent with our previous guidance. The bookings continued to come in quite strongly as we alluded to. I think the biggest difference and we referenced this in the press release, and I kind of alluded to it in my comments, as we do see a lot of volatility in the tour division. there is no corresponding capacity with that and does seem to be creating a little bit of noise both on the revenue side and the cost side. But I would say that the first quarter is shaping up extremely consistent with where we thought it would be three months ago.
Brian Rice: Sure Tim. we did comment in the press release that there was a little bit of timing difference in the fourth quarter. Our costs came in much better in Q4 than we had guided. Some of those, particularly on the marketing side spilled over into the first quarter. you know, I would remind you we have had three consecutive years now of very good cost reductions and I think it is important we are still very committed to managing our costs very tightly, as I think both Richard and I both alluded to team has really done a great job of finding the right balance when it comes to delivering the guest experience and managing the cost. Most of what you are seeing in terms of increase in our guidance is really a lot of effort from the marketing and sales side. We have a lot of momentum in some of the international markets, and with our CRM efforts, and our web refreshes and building new websites, we really believe the long term the best way to grow our EPS and improve our credit metrics and ROIC is through revenue growth. And these are just some ways of producing that revenue enhancing activities.
Brian Rice: Yes, I think it would be both the full year and also I think we really are pointed towards 2012, 2013, and the last three years have been about all the questions, all the focus has been about managing liquidity, getting credit metrics strong, and really beginning to make the right cost structure in place, which I think we have accomplished. And now a lot of this is really focused on long-term earnings accretion, and driving the revenue line, and we think these marketing investments are very wise choices at this time.
Brian Rice: Yes, Tim, I will confirm both of those. It is year-over-year and it is on an APCD basis, and it is incorporated into our guidance.
Brian Rice: I’m looking back here Robin, on a net cruise cost basis we had originally said we would be up about 2%, and we ended up being about flat. So it is two percentage points on the net cruise cost per APCD. I don’t have a specific reconciliation for you, but it really was on the marketing and sales side.
Brian Rice: It spills over, and then there is you probably have some in Q1 shifting into Q2 and Q3 and Q4. It is a domino effect.
Brian Rice: But I think one way to look about this is if you look at the full year we’re coaching about 2%. Some of that is spilling over from 2010. So we’re probably more in the 1% to 2% range in terms of the absolute increase. And again that is all pretty much emphasized on the marketing and sales side. I would like to point out when it comes to our running expenses the brands are really doing a terrific job. We have had inflationary pressure out there, particularly on the food side, but they have done a great job of really managing that.
Brian Rice: Yes, I think you are right Robin, if we were to reconcile to the previous guidance of approximately 5, we did come in at 4.7 after adjusting for weather. When we stay around 5, our range could be 4.8 to 5.2 or something in that range. So we are really talking about splitting here. The bookings were right as we expected, again and I don’t have it in front of me. It just takes a little bit of a hiccup on the tour side or onboard revenue as well. But we have been saying now for about 2.5 years I think that the booking environment has been remarkably consistent with our expectations, and I think we would stand by that over the last three months both for the fourth quarter and as we look into 2011.
Brian Rice: Well, we will certainly look at that. It is becoming more relevant for us, it hasn’t been that big of an issue in the past. We will look to see if that is something that would be appropriate.
Brian Rice: Felicia, it is the sake of sounding redundant and almost boring at this point. I think we got a very good handle on the demand environment, and it has been remarkably consistent. We expected to have a record working week last week in our forecast, and it turned out to be so. The demand for the new ships, the demand for the developmental products is all very consistent with our expectations. I think there tends to be – we read a lot of the reports, and we read a lot of the business journals out there, and there is a lot of week to week emotion in terms of the consumer starting to spend more, starting to hold back. And we don’t see the sort of big peaks and valleys that I think that a lot of the analyst community expects to be seeing. It has been very predictable, it has been very consistent, and I think as we said during the worst of times people are going to take their vacations, and they never completely went away the way a lot of people thought it would. I think it is very consistent with what we thought.
Brian Rice: I can talk on the CapEx side. We have about $250 million a year in our maintenance CapEx, and the vast majority of our current plans will clearly be involved in that. We can’t have final plans on all these, so have to say it could ebb and flow. But we have tried to take that into consideration in the guidance that we provide. Let Dan and Adam add any other comments.
Brian Rice: Sure. In terms of the weather, I think as long as the snowstorms are heading in the middle of the week we’re very happy. It gets to help the closure end bookings. We have anything that has affected us and really haven’t really seen much in terms of cruise disruptions in Q1. It really all hit in Q4.
Brian Rice: Assia, I think just to cut to the chase, ticket revenue was exactly where we expected it to be for the quarter with the exception of weather-related incidents, which was about 50 basis points and currency fluctuation. It was remarkably consistent with our expectation, with the exception of those two items.
Brian Rice: I think as we alluded to on our last call, we clearly look at the summer months as being the opportunity for the greatest yield improvements. I think that would probably fall more on Q3 in terms of where I would expect at this point in time our pick to be. I think we feel Q2 should show some healthy yield improvements. We are not prepared to give guidance for Q2 today, but I think clearly the summer will be above the average with probably Q3 being better – the best of the three. I’m sorry, the best of the two quarters during the summer. I think the numbers are shaping up as we expected in all four quarters at this point.
Brian Rice: Again, I’m not going to give you any specific guidance for Q2 at this point. One thing I will say about Q1 is we don’t have the Alaska season, some of the seasons that when we look when we go back into the recession, it really was Q3 and Q3 that were penalized the most, and I think that is part of why we see a continuing opportunity there. But again I would say at this point in time we are looking at Q3 being probably the most upside.
Brian Rice: Thank you Harry. We are actually very bullish on our ability to delever our balance sheet. We do generate a tremendous amount of cash. Last year, while it was clearly improvement over ’09, I think by all standards for us was not a very good year, and we still generated 1.7 billion in cash. So I think we are quite optimistic about our ability to delever. We have much slower CapEx in 2011 and 2012. As was mentioned, it was most likely that we would not have an ability to take a new ship in 2013, so it is our intent to use that to delever, and we have gone on public record to say our objective is to become investment-grade by doing that.
Brian Rice: Well, we have said that for the year both APDs and load factors were ahead of where they were a year ago. That tends to run fairly consistent throughout the year. I think we feel very good about where we are. The booking window clearly contracted substantially after the recession. It has worked its way back up on a like for like basis. it is much better, but one of the things that we have done is we have talked a little bit on this call about our global expansion, and for example in Europe a lot of our ships will do much more local sourcing then they might otherwise have done a few years ago. So that moves the booking curve out a little bit as people are booking cruises closer to home. But it is clearly right where we would expect it to be at this time.
Brian Rice: I don’t have the numbers and we would rather not get too specific here because frankly the more granular we get the more people read into that, and I think let us see the bigger picture of the guidance that we have provided. I would say that for the year we are well over 50% booked of our revenue that we would expect to have, and it would probably follow a linear curve as you look out into the individual quarters.
Brian Rice: Well, capacity would be a portion of it David. Our capacity next year is up about 7.5% I believe. We are a little bit more booked, but I would say the majority about that would be pricing at this point in time.
Brian Rice: Okay. I think that is an appropriate finish there. We just like to thank everybody for joining us today. As always, Ian will be available throughout the day to take any follow-up questions you might have. And again thank you for joining us and have a terrific day.
Richard Fain: Well, thanks Steve, and good morning. I guess, I’m not surprised. We don’t normally make even as much of a statement as I already made. So I am a little reluctant to get too specific about it because we don’t have a final deal. we are still working on that, and we don’t like to talk too much of it in advance. So for most of the things you have asked I would like to hold off. I think we’re talking about it for Royal Caribbean International. It will confirm that. And our tendency in the past has to build a series of ships, but to start with more or less one option something like that, and while nothing is final that is probably the direction we would go in here.
Richard Fain: Just before Dan and Adam comment on the impact on the bottom line, our forecasts CapEx obviously are much more accurate in the short-term. Longer term, they do not include new building projects. We ought to make that clear if we haven’t already, and I think we have. If we expand the program of upgrading all the hardware obviously that could have some impact. But as Brian says it is very much on the margin.
Richard Fain: I want to take that. Hi Sharon. Well, as you know we don’t normally like to comment on rumors, but I guess we have already done that in one of the context. So we will make today the exception rather than the rule. Well the exception approves the rule. I have heard those rumors, but we’re not interested in selling either the brand or the ships. These rumors come up on all of our ships and of course as you know everything is for sale at some price. But Azamara has actually had probably the biggest increase in our fleet in terms of both passenger satisfaction and pricing as we are going forward it has actually got percentage wise. It is very small in the total context, but percentage wise it has probably got one of the highest increases in our fleet. So we’re not in the market to sell either the ships or the brand.
