Brian J. Rice: Assia, the primary change there is to transfer the Monarch from Royal Caribbean International to Pullmantur. And because Pullmantur is reported on 2 month lag, it's has a slight impact on capacity.
Brian J. Rice: Assia, I'll give you kind of a high-level view, and then maybe Adam and Dan can talk about what they're seeing at the brand level. Overall, again, as I try to allude to in my script, other -- with the exception of Europe, the other products, our pricing today is at or above where it was a year ago. I think we have seen reassurance that there is elasticity in the market. And when we've had to do some promotions, we've seen good response from that. And I'd like to reiterate the pricing that you're seeing the market has been and will -- and is currently in our guidance and consistent with -- we have a little bit of latitude in terms of if we want to sacrifice some load or if we want to do some different pricing strategies. And I think each brand has a unique strategy depending on the circumstances that they're seeing. I'll pass it on to Dan for comments.
Brian J. Rice: I was purposely vague there, Felicia. I kind of figured you'd pick up on that. We –- we’re confident that we're going to have yield improvement in Q2 and Q4. I think there's still a very wide range of outcomes for Q3 with the possibility of some yield deterioration. But as I tried to allude to, I think our biggest level of uncertainty right now is really the heart of the European season in Q3.
Brian J. Rice: Correct. Yes, that assumption, that range of outcomes within Q3 is considered in our full year guidance.
Brian J. Rice: Tim, I don't think we're prepared to put any numbers around that. I think we're talking about a lot of uncertainty in Europe in the third quarter. I think to try to project that out to a year from now is a little too ambitious. I think I would comment that we're pleased that we're seeing Q4 in 2013 bookings continue to show strength, but it's so early in the selling cycle. I think it's just way too early to speculate on that.
Brian J. Rice: I think, in aggregate, we're seeing our bookings are healthy for Q4. They're healthy for early '13. But again, the basis is so small. I think it's very dangerous to extrapolate. I think we're going to try and be as transparent as we can with the things that we do know, but we're also going to be very honest with you on the things that we don't know. And I think that's one we're not prepared to comment on at this point.
Brian J. Rice: We've said -- Harry, we said it's not material for this year. And when we come out with our '13 guidance, we'll be sure to -- if that lovely detail is important, we can provide that. But I can tell you, as Dan alluded to and I know we don't share this publicly, but we do have our long-range models. We've assumed the worse-er case scenarios where we don't have abatement technologies, but I think we see some promising opportunities out there but it's still in the R&D phase.
Brian J. Rice: I was just going to add that despite all the investments that we have been putting in for our international footprint and they -- I know you can imagine the infrastructure that we've put in place and marketing of our brands as we've grown them organically has been significant. Despite that, we have been able to keep our non-fuel cruise Net Cruise Costs well below the rate of inflation. And I can tell you, the brands in the shore side environment work tirelessly, whether it's through taking advantage of scale and leveraging the new international footprint that we have, whether it's finding efficiencies, whether it's through new technologies, whether it's finding those things that our guest and our customers just don't value and deemphasizing those or eliminating them. There is a continuous focus on how do we gain efficiency. Yet at the same time, we are making those strategic investments.
Brian J. Rice: Sure, James. We increased, if you will, the midpoint of yield by 50 basis points, increased the non-fuel Net Cruise Costs by 50 basis points. That was due almost entirely to -- we've seen some increased sales in our tour business for Pullmantur within Europe, while our cruise sales have been struggling a bit. We have seen an uptick on the land base, which includes air from Pullmantur's tour product. It's essentially breakeven, slightly positive. But for the most part, it's break even. And the change in the guidance for EPS is 100% due to fuel. We had a 15% change in fuel costs, and that's what our midpoint changed by.
Brian J. Rice: Greg, from the volume standpoint, there has been a little bit of volatility, but there's also a lot of noise in terms of when the Easter holiday sell. It's a couple of weeks earlier. As Adam alluded to, he ran his WOW sales a couple of weeks earlier. So when you're looking at year-over-year, you're seeing a little bit of noise. But I think we have a better grip on what's happening, particularly for products outside of the core summer Europe itineraries. I think that's where we're seeing the most uncertainty at this point.
Brian J. Rice: I think that it's hard to kind of dissect it. There's a lot more noise out of the European economy right now. But I think, directionally, around that number is probably not too far off from our best estimates.
Brian J. Rice: Yes, the tour sales, we’re still right at the midpoint. And we -- as you alluded to, if you average the high and the low, both our yield and our Net Cruise Costs x fuel, we raised 50 basis points. Both of those were due almost entirely to the increase in tour sales.
Brian J. Rice: Yes, Jamie, the cash flow, in the grand scheme of things, is not affected that much. I think we're still looking at $1.5 billion plus in terms of EBITDA for the year. And fortunately, these sort of hiccups in terms of if you assumed a 2% haircut on yield, you're talking about $0.50, $0.60 a share but you're only talking about $100 million, $120 million in cash flow. So it doesn't have that big of an impact on our credit metrics. I think, as a general rule of thumb, we kind of look a 3.75 ratio of net debt to EBITDA as kind of the benchmark that we're looking for. Obviously, as Richard talked about, the rating agencies are going to look a lot more than that, and it depends on whether they're forward-looking or backward-looking in terms of when they get there. I think if you look at most of the analyst models, we haven't published anything further out, I think most of them, you would see those sort of ratios probably late '13, early '14 would be where they would be getting us. But again, there's a lot of other factors, and it depends on kind of the operating environment that we're in at that time. But that should give you some sort of [indiscernible].
Brian J. Rice: Yes, Kevin, I do want to emphasize that it's still very early in the booking window, and I think our commentary about Q4 and 2013 is fairly consistent with what we saw back in early February when we had our fourth quarter call. What we saw was bookings had a significant impact in the second and third quarters. We had a very strong order book in the first quarter, but we had seen a continuation of the pre-Concordia demand for Q4 and 2013. We're still a ways off from our peak booking window for those periods. What we have said is if you take a rolling 12 months, we're generally about 50% sold. And that curve is fairly linear as you go out into different quarters. But I do want to caution, while things are looking good, it is still exceptionally early.
Brian J. Rice: Yes, there were actually 3 factors. We had a little bit more impact from weather where the ships had additional consumption. We had a few additional medical evacuations where we had to deviate from the itineraries. But the lion's share was really driven by some of the new itineraries and just, I guess, we may have gotten a little aggressive in terms of what we felt we might be able to do with those. But as Adam and Dan have alluded to, this is a 24/7 effort to continuously figure out how we can contain and lower our fuel consumption.
Brian J. Rice: Joe, it's a very slight change. Actually, we round to the nearest $100 million, and that was entirely due to the progress payments for Sunshine 2, the order that we just confirmed. Okay. Well, with that, we'd like to thank everybody for joining us today. And as always, Ian will be available throughout the day for any follow-ups you may have. Thanks, and have a great day.
Adam M. Goldstein: Hi, Assia, it's Adam. I don't know that you can pinpoint the sweet spot to exactly one month. One of the characteristics of Europe as a cruise market is that the peak holiday season is more, let's say, July, August; whereas, in North America, it's become, in recent years, more June, July. So there is a little bit more time. We're beginning to see this now in April. But I would say, April, May, June and into July, that is the key booking period for really understanding the visibility of how the peak European cruise season will perform.
Adam M. Goldstein: Yes, there's the sense on our part that it really is a question of what begins to happen after the Easter holidays occur, which, of course, just took place a couple of weeks ago. And now we will begin to enter the key booking period.
Adam M. Goldstein: Felicia, it's Adam. We've commented a lot about this from a geographical standpoint, so I don't think there's anything more I need to say about that. What I wanted to say is that while we still consider ourselves to be in a somewhat challenging revenue environment, 3 months ago, when we spoke with you, we really were not in a position to know if the kinds of discounting techniques that we had engaged in the past would have the kind of effect that we have seen them have in the past because we were in such a novel environment. It's pretty clear today that we are able to use the techniques that we commonly use and get the kind of results that we commonly get. For example, one of the things that Royal Caribbean International is pretty well-known for the so-called WOW sale. And we engaged in the exact same kind of WOW sale that we have in the past. We saw the kind of uplift in bookings that we have seen in the past. This happened just a couple of weeks ago. So yes, we have challenges. But from a revenue management standpoint, we're in a much more normal type of environment.
Adam M. Goldstein: We've flexed it a little bit in the past. We don't want to be totally predictable under any circumstances. That would probably actually undermine the value of the program. So I think if you look historically, it was on the early side of what we've done. But I wouldn't read too much into it.
Adam M. Goldstein: Sharon, it's Adam. I think I commented on the last call that we have the opportunity because we're versatile in our sourcing to somewhat redirect sourcing where needed. And so we have some ability, for example, to promote more to North American source market for European cruises. That's mostly at the margins of the ratio. It's not about a fundamental change in sourcing, but we do have that opportunity. And we have been striving to take advantage of that where necessary. I think when you're looking at North America versus Europe, a lot of it has to do with where the source markets are in relation to where the ships are that they're going to cruise on. So for example, the U.K. market has -- is the market that we count on to have a good number of customers flying down to European -- Mediterranean homeport, cruising from there. Just as from the Midwest of the United States, we are dependent clearly on customers getting on airplanes and flying down to South Florida, for example. And in those cases, we're more packaging together air with cruise, possibly with land stay before or after the cruise attached to it. And I would say, generally speaking, we're finding that we're able to bring those promotions to bear on the current situation and get a response from the market. When it is either in Southern Europe, where people live close to where the ships go out, and the U.K. if it's South Hampton-based products, or for people who live in Florida or in the New York right near where ships are going out, then it's much more cruise-only pricing and a range of discounts depending on if you're a senior, a resident, military, what have you. And generally speaking, we find again in the current marketplace that we get the kind of response to those offers that we've historically gotten. Overall, we've said we probably are having to work a little bit harder at it in Europe than we are in North America, but we're within the range of revenue management expertise that we've built up over the years.
Adam M. Goldstein: Steve, it's Adam. On your first question about cost, I mean, obviously, it's incumbent upon us as a management team to look like hawks at opportunities to spur efficiency anywhere in our structure, whether that be headquarters, in other facilities that we have on land around the world or on board the ships. At the same time though, we continue to invest in a range of initiatives mostly designed to enhance our revenue-generating capabilities for the future. Richard just alluded to some of them when he was speaking about what we're doing in China. But with the product in general, with respect to any of our brands, this is a very competitive industry that's constantly moving its offering forward. So if your product is staying the same, essentially, in competitive terms, you're going in reverse. And we've been very clear that we will continue to invest in product enhancement features. That puts even more pressure therefore on us to make sure that we identify efficiencies that will not touch the product experience in any way, and we're in pursuit of both of those objectives at all times, more efficiency where guests won't see it and better products where they will.
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Felicia, I think Brian's comments were right on. Really where we've had to take all the actions has been in Europe, and we've tried a number of different promotional efforts from prepaid gratuities, onboard credits, buy one get half off for the companion, things like that, as well as reduced air. They respond -- the different markets respond differently to all those promotions. I think we're getting better at it, and I think that's helped us gain some traction in Europe. But the rest of our categories, we really haven't had to be very aggressive with the promotions. It's really all been focused on Europe.
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Tim, it's Dan. You are right. It's outside of Europe because we really haven't -- we don't have much deployment at all in Europe at this point, so you're right about that. But what we've seen is pretty good across the board. It's been a very, very conscious effort to raise our onboard revenue with programs that we have at Celebrity. We've seen it across the board. We've seen it -- very strong beverage revenue. We've seen strong shore ex [shore excursion] revenue. Casino has not rebounded yet, but we've put programs as a whole. But we've put programs together with high rollers to help casino improve. So I think what we're seeing is that all the hard work on from our operations team here in Miami, as well as on the ships, is starting to pay off.
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Harry, it's Dan. We've -- in all our guidance, we've assumed all the regulations that we have to deal with, so that's baked in there today. We have a real strong focus on driving consumption down, and I think that all of our brands have done a great job on that. In terms of abatement kind of technologies, we're still very early in studying and analyzing things like scrubbers. So it's not at the stage where I think we could say, "This is what it's going to cost us to do it on ships." But we are engaged in it, but I think the thing that we're doing more than anything else is keeping our continuous focus on driving our consumption down.
Richard D. Fain: Harry, I think we've made it clear we see Asia, in general, and China, in particular, as a strategic objective. And we've acknowledged in the short term that it's a losing proposition. In particular, and you raised the question of infrastructure, et cetera, there's a lot of infrastructure that goes in. We've had 3 offices in China to support one relatively smaller vessel. So I think you've put your finger on something. In the short term, this is a strategic move which is going to cost us money, and we think that it will pay off relatively quickly. And part of that is to grow the volume to help cover much of that infrastructure and overhead and initial opening costs. So right now, it is costing us money. But when we do look at it, when you look at why we're doing it, we're doing it because in the long term, we think that we will get strong enough returns to justify. We're [ph] getting enough returns today, but we'll first approach breakeven then we'll be profitable taking into account all of those things.
Richard D. Fain: And then, Steve, looking at -- responding to your question on future new buildings. I think you have to remember that, that's a decision which is very long-term one. If you order the ship, it takes years before the ship can be delivered. So you really have to be constantly looking out. We've made it very clear that we think in the environment that we see today and the environment that we see looking into the future, we're really looking for margin growth as opposed to simply volume growth. And where we believe that having a relatively modest amount of growth will help the supply-demand situation and therefore, pay for itself quite attractively. So we do see that growth continuing on a slower basis than it has in the past. At the same time, we really have to constantly think about these things. Unlike some industries, when the capacity comes, it comes in a big lump and that will lead to a somewhat jagged curve. And even in difficult times, you need to be thinking what is going to be needed years into the future. So I think we will continue to progress this sort of on a regular basis and not adjust that based on day-to-day or month-to-month fluctuations or even the economic situation.
Richard D. Fain: As you say, we've been pretty consistently reluctant to talk about competitors, and I don’t really think it's appropriate. And quite frankly, I don't know enough about what they're doing to be able to make intelligent comments anyhow. I think one of the interesting aspects of the way we do revenue management is the main driver isn't looking at our competitor. Our main driver is looking at our customer. And our customer -- we look at the volume of calls. We look at their interest at different price levels, and I think we have the best revenue management system in the business and the best revenue management people in the business. And their real focus is who's calling, what are they willing to accept. And I think that will continue to be our main driver. And I think what we are seeing is we are seeing a lot more hesitancy from the first-time cruiser, not the repeat guests. And so I think there is a period of assimilation, a period of getting over this unfortunate event. And then I think we'll move on with the system operating as it's geared to do, which is to educate people more about what cruising offers and then price it to match their willingness to pay that.
Richard D. Fain: Well, I think enough time has gone by for them to see which way pricing is going. I think that was something that people talked about in the weeks after the event. But it's pretty clear that we're continuing to operate our revenue management systems in a methodical and measured way. And I think talk about those kinds of things, I know there were some people who were suggesting that was a big issue. But I think talk about those sorts of things has dissipated as -- it is very clear that the industry, and certainly ourselves, is seeing enough demand to continue to operate in our revenue management systems as we always have.
