Michael Bayley: Hi, Greg, it's Michael. Good question. I think it's difficult to pinpoint one of these different elements. But I think it's a combination of several factors. Certainly, some of the softness that we see in Europe, I think, the Caribbean is the beneficiary of that. A lot of the Americans that previously were planning on going to Europe are now going to the Caribbean. So that's great. They're also going to Alaska. We've got great hardware in the Caribbean and the American market this year. So we've moved some of our ships around with Anthem in New York and Harmony in Port Canaveral in the fourth quarter with Allure in Port Canaveral, Oasis in Port Canaveral, Liberty that we've just revitalized sailing out of Galveston. So I think the combination of the quality of the brands, the hardware, some of the softness in Europe has really buoyed up the demand from the American market for the products in the Caribbean.
Michael Bayley: Yeah. I think – it's Michael, again. I think we had said that we had an expectation that China yields would be down in 2016 versus 2015. And we just finished the first quarter, and everything came in as we expected for this first quarter. So we're feeling quite comfortable that we will come in against our expectations.
Michael Bayley: Yeah. I think, obviously, we've been watching all of the news, and we've been doing our own planning. I think the opportunity will be good for Royal when everything opens up appropriately, and we're planning to do just that. But I think it's going to be an interesting opportunity for us. It will be great for our customers, our guests and travel partners. I don't think it's going to have a massive material impact on our overall business. It will just be very positive for us.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Kevin. On the question on Shanghai, I mean, obviously we look at China typically everybody looks at it as one market but really, of course, it's three markets it's the North and it's the South and it's Shanghai and we have presence in all three of those regional markets. Shanghai is the biggest market for us. I think it's about 50% to 60% of our total China business. Capacity is up in the Shanghai market in 2016, quite a lot. I think what we are seeing there and we've talked about that is we expect yields to be down moderately and that's certainly true and in Shanghai that's what we are seeing it's a little bit towards the lower end of the range that we expected.
Michael Bayley: Yeah. I think it's a great question we've been in the China market now for nearly nine years we've been investing in the market, building distribution, building our sales presence, building our relationship, and more importantly, building the brand, and building a good customer base. And I think, as we've said, previously, we've done very well in the market in terms of being the recipient of the best cruise line for eight years in a row, the recipient of the best premium cruise line. So we've done a lot of work in building the brand. I think there's this question about supply and demand then, of course, distribution. When you look at supply, obviously, we tend to get at times anxious because more capacity is coming into the market. But I think really the question is, is how much demand is in the marketplace. What we see, if you look at just the sheer size of the outbound market in China, it's the largest outbound market in the world that has been growing at an incredible rate. Cruise as part of that outbound market is really quite tiny, it's relatively small. We believe that the opportunity for cruise is quite significant in terms of the long-term development and that's why we've been in the market for 9 years. So we are quite optimistic about the future of China as a marketplace and I think we have been quite careful and strategic about the decisions that we have made. I think when we introduced Quantum last year that was really proved to be a successful decision. Customers come into the travel agents and request Quantum, request Ovation and request Royal Caribbean. So our commitment is quite strong to the development of China in the future as a marketplace.
Michael Bayley: Well, I don't think I could answer that question specifically. I think it's true that China continues to trade at the high end of the ticket yield range and deliver high onboard revenue yields and our Chinese sourcing delivers high profit and returns against all of the global markets. So we feel that that opportunity is very good.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Steven, I think Jason is looking at the numbers on the European sourcing, I can talk a little bit about Empress of the Seas. We brought Empress back from Pullmantur, it had been over with Pullmantur for approximately 9 years. We obviously had an expectation. We were going to do a certain amount of work with the ship and as we started the work we realized that we simply had more work to do. We wanted to make sure that we brought the ship up to the standard that our customers are used to with Royal Caribbean International, and a lot of that work required just more time to complete it. So, we had to extend the work time. And I think now we've got the ship scheduled to come back into operation at the end of May.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Stuart, It's Michael. I can answer the question with regards to VOOM. On May the 1st, literally every single ship in the Royal Caribbean International fleet will have VOOM onboard. So, we're literally now implementing it ship-by-ship. I can't recall how many ships have it currently but literally in a few days every single ship will have it.
Michael Bayley: I can't recall, Stuart, how many ships we had about a couple of months ago. This has literally happened over about a 90 day to 120-day period that we've implemented the entire fleet. So it's literally gone from 5, 6, 7 ships to 23 ships, 24 ships over the past 90 days.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Assia. The European markets have been quite good. So, the lull was more impact to the North American customer than it impacted the European customer. European sourcing has been pretty good. And there is this kind of transition point that occurs around May, June in terms of a natural shift between demand between the North American market and the European market. As you've pointed out, it's more of a late booking market for the European. So, it's going to pick up anyway out of the European markets, but the European markets are in pretty good condition.
Michael Bayley: Hi, James, this is Michael. Yeah, I think some of the charters lost money for a period of time in 2015 because of the South Korea MERS and the typhoons. But sometimes I think we should get that those very same charters made a lot of money over the past eight years and continue to make money and they are chartering spaces they previously had done. So I think it was a glitch that impacted some of the charters during that period and I think a lot of them now have recovered from that. Certainly the China business is very positive for our overall business and as I think we've already commented, it's a high-yielding market and it contributes nicely to our overall yield. It's above average. So when we look into 2017, for example I think Richard had mentioned that growth for the industry in 2017 is closer to 50% versus close to 100% over the past few years. So capacity is slightly – overall growth is slowing a little bit in 2017. For Royal Caribbean International, we've already announced our deployment for 2017 and overall I think we are up about 8% or 9% in the market in 2017.
Jason Liberty: Just one quick overall. We're going to try to limit the questions to one or two questions. There is a lot of question or individuals in the queue to ask questions. So if we can try to manage it to one or two that would be great.
Jason Liberty: So, on the onboard side, I think, this general trend is something that we do continue to expect to see. Obviously, an 8.7% growth is wonderful, and I don't think we expect that same level of rate going forward because there are some year-over-year comps that become more challenging. But I would say that the brands are adding a lot more to the offering. They're doing more on a pre-cruise sales perspective. On the Internet side, there will be more and more Royal ships that will have VOOM, as we go into Q2 and beyond. And also in the first quarter, Celebrity introduced Xcelerate, that's with an "X," which is not to the same level as VOOM but is far superior to the Internet capabilities relative to the competitive set. So I think overall the trends – and we've had several years now, positive trends should continue.
Jason Liberty: Yes, Steve. I think that's the booking environment – so first, just to kind of tee it up, is two-thirds of our capacity growth this year is going into China, which is a much closer-in booking environment. So the year-over-year comp is a little bit more challenging because you have more of a closer-in environment in your mix. When you take that out as you said, even going into the fourth quarter call, as well as what we have seen through WAVE, we have seen strength and we are in a very good booked position on both the load factor and APD basis.
Jason Liberty: Yeah, Steve, I would, it's approximately 20 basis points to 30 basis points that would swap from one quarter to another. And also the strength that happened in the first quarter was really across the entire quarter. It wasn't necessarily isolated to one this Holy Week sailings. So I think that's just something else I wanted to point out that it was close-in strength for really all North American products during that quarter.
Jason Liberty: Okay. So, cadence-wise as it relates to Q3 and Q4 and I think taking into account some of our commentary around the Med, you guys should consider that Q4 should be higher than Q3 as it relates to the cadence. And also take into account that we're going to have much more Caribbean product mix in the fourth quarter and we talked about the strength of North American market and the book position that's relative to that. As it relates to the core, I would say the majority of the yields growth, well, I would say majority meaning greater than 50% of the yield growth is coming from the new hardware that's coming online in the back half of the year. And I do want to stress the back half of the year because though Ovation is now in our environment and Harmony will be in a couple of weeks, those ships do take some time to ramp up and also reposition.
Jason Liberty: Hi, Harry, I think on the cost side, as we talked about over the long run here, we are managing these costs, I think in a very effective way and certainly a factor in our progress towards the Double-Double target. I don't think that there are specific one-off costs in this year that exist. I think that most of the cost growth that you are seeing relates to things, as an example, would be like the Internet. Putting VOOM or Xcelerate on our ships, there is a cost to that. Improving our footprint, which we will continue to do in China, there's a cost to that. So I don't think that there is something that is specific to this year. I think it's just more in general that this is the investment cost to grow our business. If you look at over the past three years, our cost on average have been basically flat and I think that's been pretty strong result. But I think, going forward, they're going to be cost that we have to manage, for example, like improving marketing in order to improve yield.
Jason Liberty: I think, obviously, capital return is something that will be a discussion with our board. We clearly want to be in a position to balance investing in our growth, which is pretty well planned, being an investment-grade credit and then you are providing capital returns to our shareholders. And I think for us we want to get through the authorization, the $500 million authorization that we still have $50 million left to do and I'm sure we will address that in the future as those decisions are taken.
Jason Liberty: I would say that it's reasonable to think that our management team and our board will be considering that dividends and share buybacks are mechanisms to return capital to shareholders.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. We don't give specific guidance on our Net Yields in the market but, as Michael commented, it is certainly a significant premium to our fleet average as well as a significant premium to the marketplace there today. We also commented on the fourth quarter call that we expected yields to be down in China and we still expect that. And as Michael commented I think the only kind of pressure point has been Shanghai, where there has been a lot of capacity in place. But I think that people should look at China as well as Asia in total. It's a market that the average yield is higher than the average and as we add more capacity in, that improves our revenue and that improves our profitability and that's how you should see us continuing our strategy.
Jason Liberty: Hi, Tim. I can talk about how we have been connecting with the customer in China. One of the things that we have been doing is investing more in the consumer marketing direct to customer. So, for example, this year we launched a television campaign in Tianjin and Shanghai with a dedicated Chinese TV commercials and what have we've been spending more time just talking directly to the consumer. And, of course, over time we've literally built up a loyal database of customers who have sailed with this and they are great advocates for the brand. And, of course, they talk about Royal Caribbean in the marketplace. So it's a gradual process and it's a process we've been engaged in for some time and we will continue to invest in.
Jason Liberty: Well, I think that we do now breakout that profitability line or the equity pickup line in our filing and I think that – I think it's reasonable to consider that that trend change year-over-year will continue as the new ships come onboard.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. So, Robin, to that point, the increase in our yield guidance for the year, which is – gives the midpoint of 3.25%. A lot of that is a read through from Q1 and then from Q2 to Q4 we're taking a – I wouldn't say it's a more conservative posture but a more realistic posture as it relates to the Mediterranean and it's our expectation our yields are going to be lower. It is disproportional in Q2 for a few reasons. One of which is the ships are now repositioning or have repositioned to Europe. So they do have May sailings and June sailings. And as I talked about the lull that we saw after the recent geopolitical events that there was a need to do some price stimulation on some of the more the closer-in bookings that related to the Med in which that lull really occurred with the North American consumer.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. It's picked up. Actually our load factors are higher. As I commented in my remarks but we're sourcing more guests from Europe and European consumers do spend a little bit less on ticket and certainly less on onboard and that does weigh in on both Q2 and Q3 yields.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. And Steve on the European sourcing side, the European, approximately about two-thirds of our guests for European sailings come from Europe, and this year it will be 3 or 4 percentage points higher as we've shifted that sourcing.
Jason Liberty: The lull is just overall recovery in terms of load factor. As Michael commented before the North American consumer, there was still very interested in Europe, but some of that interest has shifted to the North American products were we've seen a lot of strength.
Jason Liberty: And then, Stuart, as it relates to how we think about guidance, certainly our guidance is really a reflection of what we're seeing in the booking environment prior to the call and certainly we've seen patterns on close-in. We would certainly be taking that to account in our guidance. There was particular strength in the first quarter from the North American consumer for the Caribbean. And on the onboard, as we continue to rollout VOOM, as Michael indicated, or Xcelerate on Celebrity, those are new things we are introducing that not all the time you create the results that we saw, as we introduced new things but clearly that worked well for us in the first quarter.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. So I think cost for the third quarter will be lower than they are in the fourth quarter should be the expectation. What drives that is, obviously, there is the new capacity coming online. But also we don't have any dry dock days in the third quarter, and last year we did. And so that makes that year-over-year comp more achievable. So that should be how you kind of think about the cadence for the back half of the year.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. Well, I think that if you were to take our yield and cost, the differential is the other income line and the element of the other income line that really changes outside of ineffectiveness and those type of things is the improvement in our equity investments. So, I think, if you look at the year-over-year growth especially in the back half of the year before we disclosed in our filing for TUI that is a good proxy to think about how other income and expense will grow for the back half of the year because if you take an account interest, you take into account TUI that should get you pretty close.
Jason Liberty: Great. Thank you for your assistance, Laurie, with the call today and we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Carol will be available for any follow-up you might have today and I wish you all a very great day.
Richard Fain: Stephen, it's Richard. If I could add one comment on that, I think it's important to understand that we have a fair amount of flexibility in terms of managing that to the level that we want it to be. And last year and this year, we really had record levels of capacity booked at this time and at the end of last year. And as a practical matter, we probably don't want to have much more than that. And so that's a revenue management question. A lot depends on how we're managing our price integrity program, how we expect bookings to be in the later period. So it's not only an indicator of how strong demand is, it's also something that we manage to get to a level that we want. So going forward I wouldn't really expect us to be looking for higher levels of capacity booked than we've been seeing over last year and this year.
Richard Fain: Yeah. I think it's still playing out pretty much as we expected. We do think that there is some impact on capacity or on occupancy in 2016. But as we said we don't think the effect has been huge, and we think that by 2017 it will be positive. So nothing has changed in our perspective as to how that would play out.
Richard Fain: Sure. I'll comment on Pullmantur. As you know, we did take a change in strategy. We decided that it would be better to pull back a bit and focus on the Spanish and French markets. That actually seems to be doing well. And actually Pullmantur ironically has had some of the more positive variances in our company. At the same time, as I know it's been said publicly, we periodically look at strategic opportunities and we would do that for any of our enterprises, but we'll see where that takes us. But, right now, ironically, Spain, in particular, is proving itself to be turning around quite strongly. Now, it's doing so from a very low base, but it does appear to be doing so. And so I think we're feeling better about that market than we have in a long time. I'll ask Adam to talk on the Ctrip.
Richard Fain: I didn't actually – maybe I should have been clear, that is the Double-Double number. So, our EPS in 2014 – our adjusted EPS was $3.39 and our Double-Double target is simply double that and if my math is right, and I sure hope it is, that's $6.78. I think people may have sort of been rounding that to $7 and I know some people think that we're doing better than the Double-Double, but we set out the Double-Double. It was an aggressive target when we set it out. The objective was to mobilize the people in the company to that goal. It served that purpose very well. And, obviously, if we do better than the $6.78 that would be terrific too. So I don't think we've – we're not giving guidance for 2017 but that is literally the target that we set a year or two ago when we set those targets.
Richard Fain: Okay. So, Jared, as it relates to 2017 we'll be addressing that as we move into future quarters because it's really kind of too early to provide any kind of forecast on things going forward. But I would say that, the impact we talk about as it relates to price improvement program, those are, to us, quantifiable things. For example, number of cabins that go empty. What's not quantifiable is really us continuing to build a better book of business, at higher load factors, higher rates, and a window that keeps extending. And so, in that are more quality bookings and some of that is because of the reconditioning of the consumer knowing that we're not going to be discounting close in. Those benefits are very difficult to measure. But we do think on a volume perspective that that kind of turns itself around into next year. And as we've always done in the past, we'll give color on 2017 as we move more towards the back half of the year.
Richard Fain: Yeah. And I think we've made it pretty clear that we don't think even when it is operational it will be a major part of our business. So I wouldn't have thought that per se looked at in isolation would be a driver. However, I think two things. It actually will help generally yields in the area because I think it does raise interest. The publicity about Cuba, the discussions about Cuba raises interest in Caribbean cruising. The other thing is I wanted to spell any notion that we think that the yield improvement that we are getting today is particularly high. We've got some terrific new vessels; we've got really very strong market position of our brands, of our operations. So we need the big driver and we think it will continue. It has been a driver and we think will be a driver is actually how powerful our brands are doing in the marketplace.
