Richard Fain: Well, you know, it's a complex subject, and I don't claim to be the expert on this. And we together with Norwegian Cruise Line holdings, put together this panel, and they spent four months going through the details of this process. They did so with the CDC observers after meetings. And there are a lot of factors. And we've talked about that before Robin where we believe that there are things that make ships more demanding in terms of what you might want to take. But there's also the advantage that the ship has and the biggest advantage is that we have a controlled environment. And so that we can do and the whole industry here has accepted to abide by the 74 recommendations. And a big part of that is to create this kind of bubble in the beginning to do screening.  No other industry that I know of has agreed to do 100% screening of everyone. And I think that's a big part of what makes this a viable project. But I think I would be very cautious about speaking on behalf of the CDC. I think they're looking at all aspects of it. As I say they at all the healthy sale panel meetings. And we've had discussions with them. And I think they're trying to put all of that together and I don't think at this stage. Also, they're going through a process that we don't necessarily see all of. So I think they also have to remember that is, not all of this is visible to us. But they're looking at all the aspects of it. And I think the, the no sale order is due to expire shortly anyhow. So I think we're eagerly and hopefully waiting for their specific comments.
Richard Fain: Robin, because the question you've asked is -- I think is so apt and it is something that people are focused on unlike maybe embellished a little bit Jason's comments as well. Because this whole concept of the trial voyages is really quite important. We're not just suddenly coming back. It's going to take a while to organize those voyages and we're going to have the opportunity to see the protocols in action and to adjust them. So Frankly, I don't think we're going to be making the big leap until we and the other authorities and our healthy sale panel are all comfortable that that this is now a viable thing to do. And we really do believe that it is possible to make it so that you are safer on a cruise ship than you are on main street. And the evidence in the startups in Europe have demonstrated that when there have been instances -- and there will be because there are everywhere -- I think you've seen the response has worked. That's really the key. So we think that this slow trial trips and the slow startups will give us the opportunity: one, to watch the technology improve and the knowledge of the virus improve; and two, to prove out our protocols. And I think that's why we're so optimistic about where this is leading.
Richard Fain: So they continue to operate because we have seen such good results. And frankly, the knowledge that we're getting from these operations is helpful to us, it's helpful to the CDC. We are seeing both an ability to limit the spread onto the ship and we're seeing an ability to deal with incidents when they occur, to keep it from becoming an outbreak. So I think that experience is positive for us and it's small, we understand that, we’re not rushing to do this. We said from the beginning, we're not going to go until we and the experts are convinced that this is the right thing to be doing and it's safe and prudent, and we're sticking to that. But we are learning from this and that will make us safer and healthier as we go forward.
Richard Fain: So I'm quite pleased that we're working cooperatively with the experts and it is my strong hope that this is going to be decided on the basis of the science, not on the politics. I'll express a personal view that I will be pleased to get my television and my computer back when the election ads are over, but I think our focus is on the science. We think the industry has done a very strong job -- the whole industry. I've talked about the healthy sale panel, but I also remind you that that before the startup in Europe, they all used experts to guide that. They all work with the governments, it wasn't a political issue, it was a scientific issue. I think the science is strong. And so I'm definitely hopeful that regardless of who's in power, the science will lead us to good answer. But the other thing is that people do want to see the industry back in operation. There's a lot of people suffering because we're out of work and if we can restart one important element of our economy in a safe and healthy way, I think that's in everybody's interest.
Richard Fain: So I'll have conversations with anyone who will talk to us on this subject. We're sort of obsessive. I'd like to get out of my house after seven months and there obviously is a lot of interest in this throughout the country. This is a huge issue for employment in our country, the cruise industry is an important employer, important driver of economic activity. And also, it's a respite and I think it will be soon seen as a respite from the isolation that we're all feeling here. Steve, I certainly never mind your questions, but you'll also understand what I can and can't say and the conversations I've had are private, and I would respect the privacy of those. But I will say that we have worked hard to make sure that the decision is a scientific one, that it is led by the best minds with experience, both in terms of the specific science of the disease, and of the engineering, and everything else, as well as the impact on the economy and how you regulate this. So we've talked essentially to all the people who are involved in this kind of decision. And I think I have to say that everybody we've talked to has taken this seriously. They understand the importance of controlling the spread of this virus, they understand the importance of getting the protocols right and I really am very excited to watch the methodical way that the panel worked and other panels. You saw this, the cooperation in Europe between the public health officials and the political officials and the cruise lines, cooperatively trying to solve something that's a problem for all of us. And I'm really not going to comment on who's on what on any given issue. It is complicated. I think everybody is trying to find the right solution. I'm optimistic. I am optimistic that we will soon have a path that we all see as a pathway back to resuming operations. It will be slower than I would wish, but faster than many are assuming. And I think if that slow, methodical, careful approach speaks well, for our industry, it speaks well for the regulators around the world. And we're going to continue on that plot process.
Richard Fain: Yes. No, never a problem to ask, Steven as you well know, and if I can answer it, I will. But this is a fluid situation. That's the other thing I think we have to say and I know I hate to sound like a broken record, but what we don't know, we don't know.
Richard Fain: Thanks, James. So I think I think on a capacity standpoint, there's obviously there's a lot of time between now and 22 and 23. I'm certainly I think our current expectations is that our fleet will be back up and running certainly by 2022 and 2023. Capacity for us is likely to be higher, because of the new ships that I talked about in my remarks coming online. But at the same time, as I commented, on Steve’s question, we do continue to opportunistically look at ship sails or scrapping and very kind of remote type of situations, which could lower that capacity growth number down a little bit. But I would expect our capacity as we look in 22, and 23, to be higher than it was in 2019. Driven by new capacity, we've already taken out some capacity, the scrapping of some ships. And of course, as we know, as the ships roll on, the higher inventory mix more onboard revenue venues, the more cost much more fuel efficient lead to really enhancing our margins.  Moving on to leverage, it is certainly a goal of ours, to get back to our pre COVID level metrics, especially as it looks like we are getting to investment grade, I think how we look to do that is obviously putting more of our free cash flow towards paying down debt. We've taken some action here recently, to put ourselves in a position to pay down debt. And hopefully, the sooner we get started here, the less of the cash that we're holding, today, we're going to need and that can be purpose to also, paying down debt. But it is it is definitely one of our management team on our boards kind of core objective to look at, how do we get to pre COVID leverage, as soon as possible. I won't really comment on its just way too early to talk about consensus. For 2022, I think important variables will be when we get the green light to get back into service, and what that ramp up looks like, what the universe looks like around therapeutics and vaccines and testing. And of course, your wave is very important to 2021. But waves also begin the momentum into 2022. And so, the more for us, the flywheel is spinning. As we go into all of that, the more momentum I think we'll build for 2022. So we're cautiously optimistic, I won't talk about whether it will be a pre COVID levels by 22 or 2023 except to say that, we're trying to build momentum as quickly as we can and making sure we're doing it in a very safe and healthy way.
Richard Fain: Yeah, sure. Sure. Jaime. It's a very immaterial amount of money but as we were going through in the kind of Q1 and Q2 and processing tons of refunds and cancellations and so forth. There's some cancellation or penalty income that we’re reversing here in our Q2 numbers and these are small numbers, of course, we don't really have any onboard revenue, we don't really have any ticket revenue. So just a small correction there stands out.
Richard Fain: Yeah, so I think your comment on that is accurate. Referring back to the panel report, part of the point that the panel made, once how quickly this whole testing issue is changing and I think that's one of the more exciting things that we're seeing. We've gone from a very small number of tests to now the tests are regularly running 1 million, 2 million a day. And that number has the potential for troubling in a fairly short period of time. So the panel really did conclude that as this technology improves, we all improve. Our mantra is continuous improvement. We think that as the new tests are coming out, these lateral flow tests are quite dramatically an improvement in speed and accuracy, and in availability, and in cost.  So we do think that testing is going to be an important part of it. I'm not going to get into all the different kinds of testing. And we do where, because that's all going to change tomorrow. As I say, it's interesting that even today, no other industry that I'm aware of, has said they would do 100% testing. And that's what we are committed to do. And frankly, the whole industry has said that they think that's the right thing to do. So I won't get into the specifics, because I think if I do we'll be wrong tomorrow. But I think we will be starting with 100% testing. And over time, we hope that will get even faster, cheaper, etcetera.
Richard Fain: It's very consistent with what Michael said, I mean, you can really draw a line from when the summer begins. And then you can see that it's not just about the new booking, it's also seeing where people are lifting and shifting their bookings is very much similar to what they were expecting to do this year. As we look at the summer, summertime and beyond, and by summer, we mean really kind of when kids get out of school. Okay. Thank you for your assistance, Shelby with the call today and we thank you all for your participation and ongoing interest in the company. Carola will be available for any follow up she might have and from all of us wish you all a very great day.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Hey, Robin. I think one of the key things to point to is, we've operated about 70 sailings now between TUI cruises and Hapag-Lloyd cruises and Silversea cruises. I'm utilizing the protocols that have been developed and put forward by the recommendations with the help and sale panel. And as you pointed out if the number of cases are exceptionally low and it shows that the protocols do work, we are very, very focused on doing whatever we possibly can for there not to be a situation where we become online and then we have to go offline. Well, sure, nothing's perfect. Any of the protocols have shown that they're working. The second thing I would say is and this kind of goes back to my comments around slowly ramping up the business. We do look to do this in a very methodical way, where we're able to see have test cruises and have cruises and that's we’re looking at those cruises, really watching how they're performing on both on experience level, of safety level, profitability level and then slowly kind of turning the dial back up to kind of avoid a situation where we have to bring all of our crew back which is took us many, many months to do between the spring and the summer. So I think we're being very thoughtful. We're learning a lot through the sailings that have already occurred, which provides us confidence. And then, of course, I think by just slowly ramping up the business, it avoids too much pressure on our cash burn.
Jason Liberty: Hey, Steve, it's Jason. Well, I don't know if I would say close to zero. Certainly, capacity growth, as we were all collectively expecting pre-COVID is certainly going to be less whether that exits out of the industry where ships are being scrapped, whether it's shipped sales being sold to kind of tertiary operators and of course, I think we do expect that there'll be slower on new build growth probably towards the latter part of four or five years from now. But the shifts that are in order as we see them though delayed by probably 8 to 10 months, I think we expect to continue to come online, and the question will be how many ships will be retired, or sold, or scrapped during that period of time? I know, for us, we've been selling about a ship or two a year. We have scrapped some ships and we're certainly -- we're being very opportunistic about the situation when our point of view is that that ship with inside of one of our brands does not fit strategically or we can't invest to have that ship fit strategically with inside the brand. And so that's something that's kind of an ongoing process for us which has been similar in the past.
Jason Liberty: I would say that the ships that are operating in Europe today, in terms of breakeven relative on a ship-specific basis, are probably at or about breakeven. I'm talking more kind of direct profit. Obviously, they were fixed costs that their ships probably don't cover as of yet. But the occupancy levels, the demand that we're seeing is relatively good, all things considered. And I think a little bit what we've experienced to date, which is a little bit different than in the U.S. with COVID news, sometimes when there's negative COVID news over there the consumer or the guest gets an opportunity to kind of get out of town and get some fresh air. You actually see elevation in demand and that's one of the things for sure to increase [indiscernible 39:16].
Jason Liberty: Right. Yeah. And this will be our last question. So that's exactly right. On the pricing standpoint, the new as we've been taking on new bookings, we've been able to hold our rates and despite the FCCs coming more and more into play. And I think it is a testament to demand. It is still very early, but at least overseeing for the back half and really quite frankly from June on is as our pricing is holding up quite well. 
