Richard Fain: Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone. As always, it's a pleasure to have an opportunity to provide an update on what's happening in our business. And you'll all be happy to know that one of the advantages of having good news is that it's easier and quicker to report on the converse. Today, obviously, we are reporting more good news. As Brian will go into further in a few moments, both revenues and expenses continue to improve. Profits for the third quarter were better than expected, and the fourth quarter is better than expected and 2011 is better than expected. I'm told that some would call that a trifecta. I wish that I could say that this was evidence that the economic troubles are behind us. Unfortunately, we are producing these results despite rather than because of the economy. The bulk of our improvement comes from the benefits of our new ships and better management of our existing ships. Our brands are gaining traction, and our global strategy is working. So while I wish the economy were more of a driver, the fact that we're doing this well against such headwinds augurs particularly well for the future. Speaking of the future, we've also started providing insight into 2011. We have not completed our budgetary process for next year, so we're not providing details about specific areas yet. Furthermore, I'll remind you that the booking period is still early, and we get constantly more understanding of patterns as we approach year-end and as we entered the WAVE Period. Nevertheless, our revenue management systems are quite sophisticated, and we get a lot of insight from early patterns. Those patterns are very encouraging so far, and historically, they've been quite accurate. Based on them, we believe that the yield improvements, similar to the 4% to 5% we're getting in 2010, are likely for 2011, even without a strong boost from the economy. And we expect that this will drive our profitability above the previous best year in our history. It will also drive meaningfully positive free cash flow, again, even during year with the new ship delivering for Celebrity. Obviously, this is all very preliminary. But equally obviously, we don't make such projections lightly, and we continue to gain confidence in them. While Europe as a whole has proven very strong, that, unfortunately, doesn't hold true for our Spanish operations. Pullmantur has been buffeted by the worst recession of any of the countries in which we operate. And unfortunately, the recession in Spain shows no signs of abating anytime soon. In looking forward, we have assumed that the Spanish economy continues to act like a sea anchor. However, the management in Spain has been very proactive in finding ways to minimize the impact. That includes shifting itineraries and redeploying assets. Those actions have improved the situation in 2010 and are expected to do more in 2011. But the real upside will have to wait some economic support. As we look forward, we're also looking to a rapidly improving balance sheet, supporting our target of returning to investment-grade status soon. Who would have imagined that so soon after the economic collapse, we would already be talking about record profits, positive free cash flow and investment-grade rating. Again, this year has required an amazing focus throughout the organization on improving our returns and disciplining our processes. I'd like to thank all of our people at sea and on land for making such progress and for giving us such further process to look forward to. With that, I'll turn the microphone back over to Brian to go over the financials.
Richard Fain: I think with respect to the tour operation team, I think you're right. As Pullmantur is relating or reacting to the bad Spanish economy, we are going more for profit rather than volume. And so, there'll be lower volume in the tour operation. And so that will affect that line a little bit.
Richard Fain: And Felicia, I think although there is a big increase this year, you've all seen that happen in the past, where we've had years where there's been a lot more growth, particularly in the European market, and one of the nice things about cruising is that we have the ability to operate different itineraries, go to new and different places and source people from different markets. And so as we say the forward-looking patterns give us a fairly high degree of confidence that, in fact, Europe will be able to absorb that capacity as it has in the past and with a reasonable response despite the relatively rapid increase in one given year.
Richard Fain: Yes. Obviously, we're aware of that. And I think I can't give much more information that we've given in the past, Felicia, because as you know, we're cautious. We really don't announce new buildings until we have a deal. So it is our intention -- we've said previously that we don't expect to do anymore Oasis-class ships. We've also made it clear that we don't expect to stagnate and not to have future growth. We look at these things opportunistically. We do think that the rate of growth of new capacity has slowed and will be slower than we've seen historically. We don't feel rush to do something. It's nice to be getting -- you can see how sensitive we are, even relatively minor improvements in yields. And we're still not back to where we were before, so we're looking to the foreseeable future that our growth will come from internal capacity growth that we've already got on order and improvements in our margins, and that's where our focus is. And we've also said historically, we don't see a possibility at this point in building a ship anything before something that would deliver at the earliest 2013. But at this point, it's getting more likely that that would be something more like 2014. But we're careful not to make any comments about our plans until we actually have a deal, and I think we'll stick to that.
Richard Fain: Robin, I might just add, this is a bit of an unusual situation. We have, in the past, talked a little bit about what we were expecting this early. We haven't put numbers on it like this. But I think as Brian said, we were influenced by the fact there's so much desire to understand this. And we really have now come through a very unusual period. And the fact that we're looking at a more stable pattern, we feel much better able to convey that. And so I think it's really a testament to the strength of the industry and to the fact so many of the people who are following us and so many people who are investing us are now looking past this couple of years of weirdness, if I may use that term. And we really have seen that the industry has begun to stabilize, and we felt, as I say, we don't do this. We wouldn't give out these kinds of projections lightly. And we've now had a demonstrated period where things are stable enough, so we really felt quite good about making these kinds of forward-looking statements.
Richard Fain: Yes. I think the 6% number seems a little high. I'd have to check that. But the new ships are remarkably efficient. We've worked hard with the existing ships to do better training, better technology. We've adjusted our itineraries, so we continue to do better. And I think we will do better in 2011. I don't think we've put a number on it. And as I mentioned earlier, we are in the process of putting together our operating plan, and that's when a lot of that kind of dialogue takes place. We've been trying for improvements in low single digits, and we expect to have some further improvements in 2011. But it is tough, and I think the team has done an outstanding job. But I will be a little reluctant this early, and frankly, a little reluctant to make a forecast. Obviously, we've used one in our own internal figures, and we've tried to be conservative in these kinds of figures. But in terms of quantifying individual items on the balance sheet or P&L, we're a little reluctant to do that.
Richard Fain: Well, there's quite a few of them. I guess the one good thing is that they tend to issue these regulations with a fair amount of notice. And so some of these regulations, we've been working on for years and some have literally been talked about for decades. But there are new rules coming into effect. They're different by region. So there are so-called eco-zones both in the U.S. and elsewhere. Some are coming in at different rates. These things require either new technology or new fuels, or in some cases, different itineraries. And when we do our projections, it's pretty clear what the implications are, and we bake that into our forecast. There are no new surprises. None of the rules are just being sprung on us, and there aren't any rules that we know of that are being contemplated that we haven't already taken into account.
Adam Goldstein: Tim, it's Adam. First, I think about the guest mix development over time. And we've said on a number of the recent calls that the overall mix of our company is trending more on the direction of guests coming from outside of the United States. And for example, with Royal Caribbean International moving from eight ships in Europe next summer to 11 that will propel that trend forward. So while our guests still come more than 50% from the United States, we're getting closer and closer and actually quite close to our business mix overall, being half of our customers coming from inside the United States and have coming from outside, that's across all the brands of the company.
Adam Goldstein: Europe is certainly the clear majority of our non-U.S. guest mix. But we are pulling healthy numbers of guests from across Latin America, including some products that are geared towards them, and to a lesser degree, from Asia and Australia, including some products that are geared towards them.
Adam Goldstein: Felicia, it's Adam. I can comment mostly in respect to what we just experienced this year, which is probably the best data that we have because the visibility for next summer is still very limited. We saw good late demand come in throughout the summer season, both from European market, which we now count on for close to three quarters of our overall mix on the ships that are in Europe, and also from U.S. customers. So even though the dollar was more recently declining in value, Americans were able to find their way on flights over and take our cruises. Actually, it's slightly above our expectations for this season. It doesn't mean that those factors are going to repeat themselves next year, but that is the very recent experience that we just had.
Adam Goldstein: Really, all I can tell you at this point is, of course, we're very aware of the overall competitive environment and our own increasing capacity. We've been successful in growing our volumes of sourcing from the different priority markets that we have in Europe. And we've remained pleased at the interest of Americans who also go on our products over there. So we expect the competitive market environment as it has been, and our intention is to be successful in that environment. But we're not going to be able to say anything more in detail, really, until we get a couple of quarters closer to the action.
Adam Goldstein: I believe on the last call or maybe even the last two calls, a variant of that question was asked. We never expected the two ships together to do as high of a yield as Oasis did by herself last year. It's the first of her kind. But the two ships are doing about equally well, which we're very pleased with because we have, sometimes in the past, experienced that the second ship of a class didn't do quite as well as the first ship in the class. Our experience this time is much more equal. And the two of them together are clearly the foremost competitive cruise ship in the Caribbean sector. And given that there are no cruise ships either existing or under construction that can rival their features, we expect that they'll be permutable for the foreseeable future.
Adam Goldstein: It's Adam. The Caribbean has been in a state of, let's say, high competitiveness for a while now. Over these last few years, we expect the competitive marketplace over the next couple of quarters. The guidance we've provided for the short term reflects our assumptions about how that will turn out. A very high percentage of our capacity for the fourth quarter is already on the books. So of course, we have a high degree of confidence in our guidance for the fourth quarter, and that includes the Caribbean. And even looking to the first quarter, we have a fairly good grip on the situation. So while it is a competitive marketplace this winter in the Caribbean, we believe our range of products and services stands us in very good stead to pursue that competition.
Adam Goldstein: Steve, on the question about the later bookings and the fact we've reported that they generally come in stronger, I think there's a couple of drivers for that. First of all, I believe in absolute term. We are seeing more demand and healthier demand closer to sailing for any products that need that demand to come in than maybe we were expecting a while back in this environment. And we've seen that across the Caribbean range of products and elsewhere as well. We've seen it, as I mentioned before, throughout the European season up until now. The other factor that I would mention is we've worked hard to build up our occupancy situation so that we're in a more favorable position quarter-by-quarter to drive whatever business remains that we need. And so we haven't found ourselves in a position to need to do any kind of exceptional discounting to fill the ship finally to capacity. And so between the absolute demand close into sailing when needed and our better occupancy position going into the later period, we found ourselves, overall, to be in a more to favorable situation close to sailing.
Brian Rice: Tim, as it relates to the onboard revenue, onboard by itself was relatively flat year-over-year. The slight decline that you're seeing is really driven more by the tour company. Pullmantur, in particular, has been very focused on margin improvement within their tour division. So we saw a slight decline in some of their tour operations. Onboard revenue, as we've said in the past, tends to move directionally the same as ticket revenue but is less volatile. I think it's fair to say that we're also learning a lot more about our customers on some of our developmental itineraries. And they tended to be lower in terms of their onboard spend, but we think we have some good momentum there as we've learned more about the customer base.
Brian Rice: Well, the two-month lag will continue for the foreseeable future. I don't think that that would have a material impact on the onboard performance. I think included in our guidance is not a huge uptick in onboard spending. We're seeing most of the accretion that we're forecasting and we've experienced more recently is really being driven by the ticket revenue.
Brian Rice: Felicia, the fourth quarter really is -- the cost increase is really driven by timing, mainly of things like marketing and some maintenance and repair expense that had originally been forecasted in the third quarter that shifted to the fourth. I'd also mentioned that in the fourth quarter, and we haven't talked too much about it and don't really need to, we did have two incidents that were mechanical problems, one on Celebrity and one on Pullmantur, that we incurred some costs associated with it and actually had to take the capacity out. So that has a little bit of a blip. I think the important number to focus on, really, is the full year constant currency, where we've effectively held our guidance constant despite absorbing those additional costs in the fourth quarter.
Brian Rice: I think I want to reiterate we're very focused on cost here. We're very committed to keeping costs down. We really are still in the midst of developing our 2011 plans, so we don't want to give real specific guidance yet. We did want to just signal, particularly if you read out there in the marketplace, there are clearly price pressures out there, particularly on things like protein. But our brands are very focused on this. We do intend to mitigate a portion of that until we develop the exact plan, so we don't want to commit to specific guidance other than the fact that I think it's fair to say we will be below the rate of inflation. But again, we want to wait until our next call, after we've really developed our plans, to commit to what the cost guidance would be.
Brian Rice: Robin, believe it or not, we actually talked a lot to Ian before we prepared for this call to try to find out exactly what most of the interest is. And clearly, over the last six months or so, there's been a lot more focus on the strategic direction of our company and of the industry. And there seem to be -- most of the questions really surrounded around the 2011 guidance and what people are looking at. I think it is, say, for two years now, we've been referring to the booking environment as stable and more consistent. And we felt that we had some insight. Now we have a little over a third of our business on the books for 2011. It is early. It's not necessarily something we want to get in the habit of providing specific guidance. We tried to use wording that talked about similar to this year. We didn't necessarily say a one-point range of 4% to 5%. But from what we're seeing, the pattern seems to be continuing going forward. Clearly, we continue to benefit from the new vessels. I would venture to say probably about half of the increase that we're looking at for next year is being driven by the benefit of the newer capacity, and the other half is coming from just core strength within our brands. I think, as Richard alluded to, we've got only minimal help from the economy, and I think this continues to be a testimony to the resilience of our industry, the value of cruising that is out there and the fact that people are going on vacations, and we seem to be a beneficiary of that.
Brian Rice: Actually, Robin, the yield numbers really won't be affected because the capacity came out along with the revenue. So it would be very minor, but it would be more along the cost side because the costs are actually absorbed, but the capacity goes away as well. So you have to amortize those costs over last capacity, whereas when the revenue comes out, it comes out with the capacity.
Brian Rice: It actually is a little better than what we would've been for '09 and for 2010, just given the great recession as its been called. It's probably slightly below where we would be in prerecession periods. Generally speaking, we say we tended in the year around 50%, and clearly, we're getting a lot more of our business right now towards 2011 and 2010. 2010 is really on the back end of the booking curve. So what we are seeing, we're going to show the booking curves and how they compare to prior years, but it was at this time two years ago that we hit the recession, so we're now running above the 2010, the '09 levels and even the fall of '08, but we're not quite back to where we were prerecession level.
Brian Rice: Steve, clearly, the dividend is a board-level decision. We know it's important to some of our shareholders. I think as we said in the press release, we are forecasting meaningful cash flow next year. And as we look forward to 2012 and 2013, we view those as clearly de-levering opportunities. It will be up to our board to find out how we balance that continuing de-levering with rewarding our shareholders. I think I would remind you, even if we were at our peak levels for dividends, we were talking at about $125 million, $130 million a year. So I wouldn't view it as meaningful to our de-levering opportunity. And I think clearly, our credit metrics are improving dramatically over the next few years, but that dividend would clearly be a board-level decision.
Brian Rice: Sure, Steve. I believe that the statistic was 26% year-over-year on customer deposits. It really is a combination of additional capacity, pricing, as well as higher load factors. I don't think any of those individually pop on this thing the key driver. But it is, and as Richard said, it's the trifecta. All three are moving in the right direction for us.
Brian Rice: Greg, we really don't see that sort of volatility that you witnessed in the stock market. I think it's never quite as good as the four periods on Wall Street. It's never nearly as bad as the doom and gloom that we sometimes hear. I think we continue to stay consistent, steady, gradually improving. One of the things I try to do on the strategic discussion about what we're seeing in contrast to 9/11, this seems to be a much more linear sort of recovery than the hockey stick that we saw after 9/11. I think the last couple of months have been fairly consistent with what we've seen throughout the year. You have good days, when we do, for example, Royal Caribbean will have what we call a WOW Sale, where they'll compress bookings and stimulate them tactically towards some of the sailings that we have need. But aside from that, it really is a fairly stable environment. And so, I wouldn't say that we've seen any dramatic changes from where the other in the last couple of months.
Brian Rice: No. I think our commentary on yield performance for next year is really assuming that the economic environment is fairly consistent with what we're seeing right now. If we get some uplift from the economy, that would clearly provide some upside opportunity for us. On the cost side, the cost, it seems to be the most volatile for us is fuel. And as you've seen, we've been fairly conservative and has hedged quite a bit of our fuel out for the next three years. I will mention that our hedges are at pricing that is slightly below the current curve. So as we've said before, our business model works pretty well at these fuel prices, so we've locked those in. We've baked in some assumptions here around the pressures on food costs, but we continue to be relentlessly focused on costs. And I think our brands are doing a great job really trying to figure out how can we squeeze more cost out of our P&L without compromising our guest experience.
Brian Rice: Thank you, Kevin, and thanks to each of you for joining us today. And as usual, Ian will be available throughout the day for any follow-ups you may have, and we wish everybody a great day. Thank you.
Daniel Hanrahan: Sharon, this is Dan. As I commented earlier, we have seen early signs that Europe and Alaska are strong next year. And we're very pleased with that. It is early. Adam commented about the fact that we're growing on our way to 50% of our sourcing coming from international markets. So those are the early trends we see. And it's what prompted us to give the yield guidance that we're projecting for next year at this time.
Daniel Hanrahan: No. It's pretty similar to what it is. Both brands are going to be bigger in Europe next year. Adam said that we'll have eight ships in Europe. We'll have five. So both of us are growing when Silhouette comes out next year, which will be our newest Solstice-class ship. It would go right into service in Europe. So we're seeing capacity increase in Europe. But overall, when you look at the entire year, our capacity mix is pretty similar to what it was this year. But we are seeing growth in Europe.
Daniel Hanrahan: I feel there's a lot of ships in the Caribbean besides that one. We're competing against all of them. We do feel very confident about what our brands represent in the market and the capacity that we have there. The newer ships are very powerful competitors in the Caribbean, even on a very competitive winter environment. So as I said before, the guidance that Brian gave includes our assumptions about how we will compete in the Caribbean. And yes, we feel that there's value associated with each of our brands that is unique and distinctive in the market, and that serves us well in challenging competitive conditions.
Daniel Hanrahan: There always will be a level of discounting of price probably in every season and every sector. Our view is that the steady overall increase in business conditions that we've been experiencing in the last year or two, will continue to be the case, including in the Caribbean this winter. If you look at the types of Solstice-class ships that Celebrity's bringing in the market, Oasis and Allure are now competing for us in this market, we are in good stead. Now there's a wide range of products from three nights to 11 or more in cruise length and a lot of different home ports around the Caribbean region. So the performance by ship and by cruise line varies, of course. But overall, we are looking at the Caribbean sector, where, as I mentioned, most of the business for the fourth quarter is already on the book, and even most of the business for the first quarter is already on the book. so we're pretty confident in giving the guidance that we're giving.
Daniel Hanrahan: Steve, it's Dan. Our cost initiatives, I think when you heard Richard and Brian both talked at the beginning, have really been management's focus across the board, and it's not just the four of us that have been focusing on it, but our teams as a whole. But some of the examples, our supply chain has some and we've changed some of that. We've changed management and supply chain about a year ago, and the new head of our supply chain has done an exceptionally terrific job for us, so we've been much more effective with our purchasing. Another example is across our marine departments. We put a virtual inventory program in place, which has allowed us to manage our inventories better than our costs better. We've been working with our suppliers, who are effectively on the marine side. And then across the board, we've just stayed very, very focused on doing things that are going to have a positive impact on the guest experience. And if it's not, we ask why. Why we should be doing it. If it's not improving revenue or if it's not having to cause a very positive impact on the guest experience, we'd ask why. We're doing it. And we've become much more efficient as a result, and it's really shifted the culture in the way we think about cost, and that's really what's driving it. So it's not a big thing beyond what I said was supply chain and some of the things we're doing on the REIT side, it's more across the board.
Daniel Hanrahan: Kevin, this is Dan. As you heard both Richard and Brian saying, I think Adam mentioned it as well, we're deep in the throat of the 2011 plan right now with the focus on two things. One is what can we do to drive revenue and make sure that we continue to improve our revenue performance. And then the other is on the cost side. It's early to start to talk about individual lines in the P&L, but I can tell you that the focus is just across the board from our teams and what we're doing to drive costs out of the business. You heard that Brian say that there's some concern over food inflation, but our teams have marching orders to figure out how to manage through that. So we're very focused on that, and I think as we get to the next quarter, we'll be able to give more specific guidance on that kind of thing.
