Jason T. Liberty: Yeah, sure. So first on 2019, the acceleration in the bookings for 2019 have been very strong, even before and after we lapped the hurricane comp. And we have been up in both a rate and volume basis. And really for the next 12 months, if you look at it on a quarterly basis, we're also up on a rate and volume basis, so we continue to see the booking window extend and strength as the consumer considers their vacation plans for 2019. As it relates to the first quarter, as I just commented, we do expect our rate and volume to – our rate and volume are up. We do expect yield improvement in the first quarter of next year. And I would also just point you to my commentary and my remarks about the Caribbean, which is a big part of our Q1 picture, and that is also in a very strong book position.
Jason T. Liberty: And, Robin, I would just add, because also I noted in my commentary some of the strength in the close-in business as well as some of the reason for the increase in the outlook in Q4 has been a strength we have seen coming out of the China market.
Jason T. Liberty: Well, I would say the 2019 booking environment has been strong, which has led us to be in a very, I think, good book position on a rate and volume basis, and I think that's probably what I would take into those remarks. There are a lot of tailwinds into our yield profile for next year, whether it's for the new hardware, like-for-like improvement. We talked about the Port of Miami and CocoCay and of course Silversea coming in. But I think when we look at our general business, whether it's excluding items like Silversea for a second and excluding the Port and CocoCay, the demand for our new hardware, especially for Edge, which has really come high on at a premium, has been very strong and encouraging. And so far, based off of what we're seeing in the booking environment, we also expect very good comps for our business on a like-for-like basis.
Jason T. Liberty: Sure. So just starting off on the cost as it relates to the technology side, there's really kind of two components to it, one of which is on the depreciation side as a larger mix of our investments are going into technology-related projects. As I said in my remarks, that results in a lower useful life on average for those investments. And so we do expect, just like we saw from 2017 to 2018, an elevation in our depreciation as a percent of our revenue. We would expect an increase as well over the 2018 to 2017, so more 2018 to 2019 will be even higher as a percent of our revenue for our investments in technology and also for our investments with – also with the depreciation being higher for Silversea. The other component on the technology side is on the OpEx side, so a lot of the services are cloud-based services or subscription-based services and those do put pressure on our operating costs. And the more that kind of rolls out, the more that will weigh on our costs for next year. But, of course, we continue to look at how do we become more and more efficient within our cost structure. As it relates for drydock days, let me just get, pull it up here – so in 2019, we had about 360 drydock days, and – no, I'm sorry, in 2018 we had about 280 drydock days and in 2019, including Silversea, we have about 360 drydock days.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah, that is – I mean obviously, us taking on more business, the purpose of it is we think that we will be optimizing yields by doing so. But as we get closer to those sailings, that close-in business is more limiting because we have less inventory to sell.
Jason T. Liberty: Well, it's a combination of a few things, one of which is as I commented on the third quarter, there's some shifting that's going into the fourth quarter, which may not be obvious because we lost some APCDs in the third quarter due to some incidents around some of our ships, mechanical incidents on our ships as well as on the hurricane side. So there are costs that are shifting in from Q3 to Q4, and then the balance of that is Excalibur, and then also, as Richard commented, we're experiencing lower turnover, lower forfeiture rates which are increasing our competition cost mildly.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes. We certainly expect on a like-for-like basis for our cost behavior to continue and be very focused on making sure we're as efficient as we possibly can. But I think taking into account other things like Silversea and so forth, that will – the optics around that will look like our costs are higher than what you have seen in the past, obviously.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah, I don't think there's really a, per se, timing element to this because, I mean, we are very much trying to accelerate our Excalibur efforts to the point that we can. And so I wouldn't look at this as we're just shifting some costs from January into December. This is our ability to have certain capabilities come online a little bit quicker than we had expected them to, because as Richard mentioned, we think that the investments we're making in Excalibur to decrease friction within the guest experience and increase on-demand capabilities which we think are table stakes in the guest experience and what the customers are looking for – the sooner we can get that on the ships, we believe that will lead to better revenue and better guest satisfaction as well as a better employee experience for our crew. So I wouldn't look at this as a timing element, I would look at this as our ability to bring on capabilities sooner than we had anticipated.
Jason T. Liberty: Well, we are still very much in our planning process, so it's tough to pinpoint that. And I would just point to make sure that in that consideration, besides for Silversea, there's also the costs that we will incur with Perfect Day and also the Port of Miami. So I'm not going to comment specifically on that number, but those will also be elements that will be impacting our cost metric next year.
Jason T. Liberty: Well, I would point you to that chart. I mean, that really does depict the path and the cadence that we're going down. So I think the chart that was on slide 2 kind of shows our path on how we plan on this being implemented across our fleet and also how the capabilities are expected to grow, and that's how I would look at the cadence of what we're doing. But certainly we are leaning in as much as we can to get as much of it done and if we can accelerate that chart, we certainly will because of the benefits that we think that we're going to get out of it.
Jason T. Liberty: Sure. So I'll just start on that one. We also saw, similar to Q2, we saw accelerated trends from our close-in bookings. I think the only thing that was probably a little bit different is we saw some further strength in Asia-Pac, specifically China and the close-in environment in Q3 versus in the second quarter.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah, sure. So I won't comment by brand but I would just say on the spectrum that the demand we're seeing for the Royal Caribbean customer is very similar to the demand we're seeing for the Silversea customer. So that spectrum is, or the booking patterns in terms of strength have been quite similar. Of course, the Silversea customer books much further out. But as I commented in my remarks, we look at on both rate and volume with and without Silversea. We're up on a rate and volume basis in the quarter and as well as for next year.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah, so just starting off on the capital allocation front. As we've said in the past, we do look very much to return capital to shareholders. We have our leverage ratios of 3 to 3.5 times, as we talked about in terms of the target. And there – as you said, there is leverage opportunities for us to be within that target that will produce additional cash that's available to shareholders. So I think what you would continue to see is our CapEx profile is our best thinking at this point in time. And then outside of that, if there's opportunities to lever, we do believe in continuing to grow the dividend on a moderate basis and buyback shares opportunistically. As it relates to, do we put buybacks in our guidance or not, it's not something I would comment on. There's a lot of factors that kind of go into what our guidance will be at a given point in time.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah, well, again, we're not going to begin to kind of comment on our yield guidance for next year. I think the 2% to 4% is, if you look at how our yields have grown over the past several years, that is a – kind of the average range of moderate yield growth. Certainly, these other items such as CocoCay and Perfect Day will improve our yield profile as well as increase our cost metrics. And that's kind of the way that I would look at it. So again, the environment for 2019, we're very happy based off of where things are today, looking at it on a rate and volume basis. But I wouldn't at this point in time because it's still early in the process to start kind of setting ranges for 2019.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah, sure. So first, there's no impact on the third quarter because of the quarter lag, and since we closed on July 31, their August and September results will be the ones that hit onto the fourth quarter. And so, some of this is just math. I mean, obviously it's a much higher yielding product than our average, and that will improve our yield profile. But on the cost standpoint, because our average cost per APCD is about $100, Silversea's platform is much more inclusive and is much higher than our average. And so that's going to weigh on our cost metric disproportionately to how it will weigh on our yield metric because our yield metric is about twice as much as our cost metric. So that's point one. Point two, definitely as time goes on, as we talked about, when we did the acquisition, that we thought that there was cost opportunities, efficiencies, them taking advantage of our supply chain, and some of those contracts and efficiencies and some of them are technology-related, take some time to work through. And we would think over a reasonable period of time, we will continue to implement those synergies into Silversea which will make that comp easier over time. But I would be less focused on – I mean, some of that will happen in 2019, but more of that will happen in 2020 and beyond.
Jason T. Liberty: Okay. So first on the Eastern Med side, we continue to monitor the situation in the Eastern Med. Obviously, Eastern Med currently and historically when there are even more ports that were attached to the Eastern Med definition was very attractive, and so we continue to watch, I would say consumer demand or interest, I would say caught more interest has perked up a little bit, but we're obviously making sure that experience can be sustainable before offering too much of the product or increasing what's available within the Eastern Mediterranean area. As it relates to the IMO, our scrubber program has been very successful. We continue to roll it out onto our ships. Our mix of what we'll be able to burn via MGO versus low sulfur fuel still will be pretty much the same as it is today. And so our mix of fuel should pretty much be about the same. Now as it relates to where the price is and hedging, et cetera, I would say that we'll see what happens with fuel prices, but we do have a bias to hedge a little bit more on the MGO side than on the IFO side because we'll be able to burn the lower sulfur fuel – I mean, we'll be able to burn the higher sulfur fuel because of the scrubbers, sorry.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah, I mean, I think in terms of the core drivers of the equity pickup line, which you said is TUI and which is Pullmantur, both those brands are doing well. TUI is doing exceptionally well and we continue to expect growth there in both of those brands. And so that will be something that will help us improve the equity pickup line in 2019. Outside of that, there are small puts and takes here and there, but those are probably the two – those two are definitely the biggest drivers.
Jason T. Liberty: Well, I would say once again, we're still in our operating plan process, so I wouldn't be in a position to start talking about significant ebbs and flows within earnings by quarter. I think the one thing I would say that's kind of more phased is that CocoCay or Perfect Day at CocoCay will be phasing in next year and so that will be one thing structurally I think that's really starting in May is when it really kind of comes online. So there will be some impact on the second quarter and beyond that will likely not be in the first quarter. And then the other thing that I would just mention is when we do take delivery of Spectrum, it will take about 53 days or 54 days for the ship in the second quarter to go from Europe to China and that would be something that would weigh a little bit – it's a good thing on the earnings side, but it will weigh a little bit on yields and costs as we reposition the ship from Europe into China. Those would probably be the things that I would call out. Certainly when we get into January, we will help – focus on the cadences within quarters.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah, sure, Greg. I tried to hit this in my remarks but even if you look at it before the easier comp or you look at it today, our volumes are, whether it's load factor, whether it's rate, has been up year-over-year. So we've seen very positive trends even before it became an easier comparable for us.
Jason T. Liberty: Okay. Thanks, Greg. Thank you for your assistance, Simon, with the call today, and we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Carola will be available for any of your follow-ups that you might have, and I wish you all a very good day.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Robin. It's Michael. We've been really pleased with the performance of the China market this year, and as you know, it's a long-term strategy. We've been in the market for 10 years. We just recently received another award as the top cruise line in China. So we're excited about Spectrum coming into Shanghai in 2019. If you recall, Ovation is coming out of China, going to Alaska, which is doing very well in Alaska. And so our capacity overall next year in China is fundamentally flat. I think the market overall is down slightly in terms of capacity. We've had a lot of enthusiasm in terms of forward bookings for Spectrum, and we're very pleased with where the ship sits already in terms of forward bookings. In terms of the issues on tariffs and what have you, it's been slightly volatile. I mean, just as I think we see in the American stock market, there's been some ups and downs in the Chinese stock market, but everything's – the fundamentals seem to be still okay. We've seen nothing coming through in terms of consumer confidence or concerns from our travel partners.
Michael Bayley: Hey, Felicia. It's Michael. One other point to bring forward is the nonrefundable deposits that we introduced about a year and a half ago for the Royal brand, and now we have over 60% of our bookings that are nonrefundable. And that's really helped with the stickiness of the bookings. So when we're getting these bookings earlier on, they're staying with us and they're not churning. So that's I think also been a contributing factor.
Michael Bayley: It's Michael. Sorry. I just have to jump in because there's only two minutes left and I was hoping in this hour I'd get an opportunity to talk about Perfect Day for a second because we keep mentioning it and I've had no opportunity to promote it to you all. So I just want to really talk a little bit, because we're excited about Caribbean next year, for Royal Caribbean. Obviously we've got four Oasis-class ships and our Royal Amplified ships operating in the short cruise market and all of these ships will be going to Perfect Day after May of 2019 and we think it's the ultimate mix of thrill and chill with literally the tallest waterslide in North America, the largest wave pool in the Caribbean, 1,600 feet of zip line, the Oasis Lagoon, which is the largest freshwater pool in the Caribbean, cabana's, sports, you name it, a balloon ride that takes you 500 feet up into the sky. And what we're seeing in terms of interest for Perfect Day is really quite special, so we're kind of excited about the opening of Perfect Day. And seeing as we're running out of time, I just wanted to quickly promote that to you all.
Michael Bayley: Hi. It's Michael. I mean we've seen very good demand for European product from the North American market and I think there's, to a certain degree, there has to be a relationship between the strength of the dollar and the weakness of the euro. So it's been a good couple of years in terms of North American demand for European products and it's also been good for the European sourcing as well. I think if we start to seeing a shift in currency, particularly with the euro and the sterling, then we'll probably see an improvement in demand out of the European markets as well. But it's been pretty good.
Richard D. Fain: Yeah, Felicia, if I could – it's Richard, and if I could just add to that. We're really think that our heavy emphasis on cost control has been an important constructive factor for us, and I think we just have these two things coming together which we think will be positive to our bottom-line. One is these somewhat mechanical things. And I pointed to Terminal A as an example where we've done something which is recently a good operational thing for our bottom-line, but it does – because we are taking over ownership, it moves up our revenue and our expenses. And the other one is some of these investments like Excalibur. But overall, we think these things will be positive to the bottom line, and we still think that we are going to come out with cost increases which are, for most industries, people would be envious of it. So we don't intend to take our eye off that important ball. But as Jason says, the way it comes across in the numbers may be a little bit counterintuitive until you look at the details.
Richard D. Fain: No. I think actually the metaphor that you're using that I have used in the past is really a reflection of a cultural norm here that we think there are so many opportunities that we just want to take advantage of them and that means we have to paddle fast. Our mantra, as you know, is continuous improvement and we are very focused on that. I would not have described the situation today as any different. We always are focused on doing other things. The travel agent partners that we're working with are always focused on doing other things. But I don't think I would describe this as that much different. Maybe the difference today would be, one, we have a lot of new things that, I think, are coming online that are really very positive for us. And so we do have a confluence of, for example, Symphony of the Seas, which we'll be naming here in about three weeks. We just about a month and a half ago did Azamara Pursuit and Celebrity Edge coming early December. It's Flora next year. So there are a lot of really quite dramatic new hardware things. And we're probably now seeing coming to market more of the non-ship things which are helping us in very many ways. Obviously, we talked about Excalibur. We talked about the new terminals, both here in Miami at Terminal A and up in Fort Lauderdale at Terminal 25, Perfect Day. So there are a lot of those things going on, and so I think the simple answer is there is a lot going on. There is a lot – there's always a lot going on here, and I hope that never stops.
Richard D. Fain: Yeah, and, James, as we've said before, I do understand the desire to understand ahead of time the lumpiness and things that will tends to shift things between quarters. But one of the characteristics of our business is that things tend to come in sort of large blocks and some of those we can try and anticipate and help you all understand in the way Jason has just done, but a lot of it is either just flukes or just timing for various reasons. And if we – I like to use the example of a drydock, if we have an opportunity to shift a drydock between doing it on March 30 or April 1, that could actually have a big change in the quarter, but we look at that as a minor decision and if we can save a few bucks by moving it a week or two in one direction, we'll do that. And I know that causes issues because in most companies you'll look at a flow and you assume everything carries out throughout the year. In our case, we really do try and manage on an annual basis. So I think we've tried to point out some of the things we already know that will cause lumpiness, but I think we ought to sort of be in full disclosure, telling you that there is a certain degree of lumpiness that we don't always predict.
