Jason T. Liberty: Hi, Tim. So as it relates to bookings over the past 120 days, they basically have had a similar cadence to last year. Now, obviously, markets like China that are later in the booking cycle can influence that. So if you look at what the cadence has been for North America and Europe, it's been slightly higher versus same time last year. So our book position would be slightly better if you were to account for the mix shift change in China. As it relates to Canada, there's nothing I would say that's specific that we've seen that is different from those trends. And again, as it relates to China, it's coming in as we would expect it to.
Jason T. Liberty: Well, on the Canada side, I would just take our commentary as it relates to the Caribbean. We are in a very good book position. We are in a very good price position as it relates to the North American consumer. In China, obviously, we're guiding for our yields to be slightly down. A lot of that again is driven by us further expanding into the other seasons and also expanding into secondary markets and ports.
Jason T. Liberty: Well, I think that there's – the first thing I want to start off as it relates to 2015 is this is really a corporate enterprise-wide effort on trying to identify cost improvements. And so as I've said in the past, it's not one thing, it's thousands of little things that we do. The leadership, for example, Adam has given around supply chain and that team, the consolidation of our marine organization, and finding more efficiencies in our back-office is really what we just do day-to-day when we use the lens of Double-Double. And so that is ongoing and continuing. There are a lot of headwinds in costs in 2016. Obviously, as we expand our mix into Asia, the cost of operating there is higher. There are some more upfront costs on the sales and marketing side as we're delivering two new ships this year. And also having VOOM, the fastest Internet bandwidth at sea also has a high cost to it. So there are a lot of headwinds, but our efforts to try to continue to identify opportunities is never ending. But I think we think the 1% or less guidance is really our best view based off of all our plans that we have to-date to manage cost effectively in 2016.
Jason T. Liberty: We will have, in our filing, that breakdown. But I know for the full year, our two largest exposures will be in the pound, in the yuan, then Australian dollar, Canadian dollar, and then the euro. That will be the cadence for the year. And then, obviously, there are some changes and they're based off of the sourcing or the deployment during the course of the year. So for example, there is more exposure to the Southern Hemisphere markets like Brazil and Australia in the wintertime, and in the summertime you're more exposed to Europe. So you have more pound, euro as well as yuan because it's more of a peak period for the Chinese consumer.
Jason T. Liberty: Hey, Steve. So as it relates to our yields being slightly down in 2016, the weighting is more concentrated on the mix of these secondary markets and the seasonality. And then there is some pressure, as Michael talked about, on just general ticket. And obviously, when you have ships like Ovation come in, that also helps balance out some of the pressures we have on some of our older assets that are in that market, really non-Quantum-class assets. The mix between ticket and onboard is actually pretty similar. It would index a little bit higher on the onboard side because you have Quantum coming into the market. Now, the point on profitability of the Chinese guest, it is still very much there. China is one of our highest yielding markets. The product is one of our highest yielding products. It is a little bit more expensive to operate, but also we get higher yields for those products. So it is very much contributing to our yields and it's very much contributing to our profits and our margins and our business, which is why our outlook continues to be very favorable for the Chinese market.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah. So Harry, I'll just comment on kind of where we see ourselves on a ratio perspective and then I'll let Richard comment on more in terms of how we interact on the board side.
Jason T. Liberty: My pleasure, my pleasure. But I think we see ourselves based off of the guidance that we've been given that we'll be at or slightly below our targets by the end of 2016. Now, the timing of when the rating agencies decide to provide us that rating is not only subject to the metric, but also subject to how we as a corporation are behaving and are we behaving like an investment-grade credit. So as Richard said, as we look at do we do more or less, a lot of that comes into keeping the balance of our growth, the balance of returning capital to shareholders and also becoming an investment-grade credit. And those will be key things that are always evaluated when we determine how much we will buy back or how much the program will be that we announce.
Jason T. Liberty: First off, we really try to have a general conversation about the region versus the market itself. And the reason for that is because China has to work with also the winter season, which means Australia and Southeast Asia need to work. So it is and it continues to contribute to the overall yield of the region. Quantum continues to perform as we expected and perform well. There has been a little bit of like-for-like pressure on the older tonnage that we have up in that marketplace. But the Quantum-class ships continue to demand a premium to the relative pricing that's in the marketplace. I also think it's important to point out – I know there's been a lot of concern about what's happening in the China marketplace with the consumer. And I think the patterns that we're seeing with the Chinese consumer continue to show that they have a strong sentiment and a very strong desire for cruise. And a lot of the pressure on pricing just has to do with a lot of capacity coming in, more seasonality in terms of the China offering, and us going into other markets, which we've talked about before.
Jason T. Liberty: Well, I think that certainly we can get into an economic conversation. I think it could obviously create more demand for some of their exported products and that could potentially improve their wallet in which they could spend more on the cruise side. Again, I think the sentiment in China is quite good. And I think that their demand, especially for our products, have continued to march at the cadence that we had expected.
Jason T. Liberty: Hi, Jamie. On the China premium side, it's not something that we talk publicly about in terms of the specific number. Obviously, we're happy with the margins and the yields we get in that market as we add more capacity in. So you could follow where the investment is going. And then on the deposit side, it's a combination of a few things. Some of that is currency related. Some of that also, as we expand our mix into China, the cadence of deposits are much closer or their payment is much closer to the time of the sailing, because it's a late booking market than it is for other markets, so that skews it a little bit. And also, there's different promotional activity we do where you might put a little bit less of a deposit down and that's really what kind of drives that differential in the customer deposit line on the balance sheet.
Jason T. Liberty: No. In terms of the premium it gets, especially relative to its class and to the average, it's a very nice premium. And also, those ships have lower asset bases, so the margins we get on them are quite good.
Jason T. Liberty: No. There are many other items in that bucket. There are other equity pick-ups. The TUI JV actually did exactly what we expected it to do. It was up quite a bit year-over-year. Also in that line item is our other joint venture, which is really in its first year, which is SkySea which had some losses mainly just due to it being its first year of operation.
Jason T. Liberty: Hi, Steve. So obviously, the headwinds of currency have continued, especially our hedge position on fuel outpace the benefits we've been receiving from our fuel. You just look at it year-over-year, our basket of currencies is down 10% year-over-year, and that's really what's driving that differential between the as-reported and the constant currency. And some of the currencies, for example, the yuan, which had very little volatility, has become more volatile more recently as it's been unhitched from the U.S. dollar.
Jason T. Liberty: It includes the $500 million repurchase program, but the cadence of when that happens has it generally spread throughout the year.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah. And, Robin, on the volume and price side, as you said, on the October call we said we were booked ahead on both rate and volume. Outside of the little hiccups we saw, as it relates to the Paris attacks and some of the geopolitical events which quickly bounced back, it has been very much in line with our expectations. And as we have a greater mix of our capacity going into China, that does skew the year-over-year comparables because it is a much closer-in booking environment. But I would describe it overall as that it's in line with our expectations.
Jason T. Liberty: Thank you for your assistance, Paula, with the call today. And we thank all of you for your participation and interest in the company. Carol will be available for any follow-ups you might have. And I really do wish you all a great day.
Michael W. Bayley: Hi, Tim. It's Michael. With regards to the question on Zika, to date we've really seen no impact whatsoever. It's been really immaterial. I mean, obviously, it's all over the media and we see it. But to date, we haven't had any material impact.
Michael W. Bayley: Yeah. Hi, Tim, it's Michael. Yeah, I think China 2016 is a different kind of configuration from China 2015 because, as Jason had mentioned, we've got a deeper push into the secondary ports with one of our ships with broader seasons and we've got more capacity in Q1 and Q4. So it's a different kind of configuration. And our inventory is being released in a slightly different way in 2016 than 2015. I think as Jason had mentioned, we're feeling that our bookings are coming in as expected.
Michael W. Bayley: Hi, Felicia. Just to correct one point, yields are slightly down in China this year 2016 versus 2015 based upon all of the different elements that we just talked about. With regards to charter companies, it's quite a mix in relation to our total distribution. But over time, obviously, we've been changing the mix of our distribution and we continue that journey. So literally every single year we're doubling the number of agents who are selling Royal Caribbean in the China market. And of course, we're broadening our regional footprint especially now with the introduction of Ovation in Tianjin. So it's true that some of the charter companies really out of Shanghai had some challenges in 2015 in relation to MERS in Korea and, of course, the typhoon season which was particularly difficult. And so some of the charters did experience some losses during some of the sailings. But having said that, they did particularly well the rest of the year with Royal Caribbean and have done well with Royal Caribbean over the past nine years that we've been in the market. So there was a bit of a hiccup. And of course we, as we are in the United States, we're long-term partners with our travel partners. So we've worked hard at finding some workarounds with them in terms of our 2016 inventory and how we've worked with them in terms of our cooperative marketing and this type of thing. So we feel that we've been very responsive to some of the feedback that we've had from some of these charters, and we think we're in a fairly good position for 2016. With regards to the differentiation of the brands, that's I think a highly relevant question. When you look at Royal Caribbean against the competition, we have been in the market now for nine years and we've been investing over a nine-year period in the market. We have the newest hardware in the key ports. Quantum of the Seas genuinely has been a huge hit out of Shanghai. Ovation coming in to Tianjin is doing very well. We have eight consecutive years of being the top cruise line in China awarded by the Travel Trade Gazette and the Travel Weekly. We have been focused on launching consumer campaigns and, in fact, we're launching a new campaign literally in the coming weeks. We've been working on expanding our distribution footprint. And of course, we are the largest single cruise brand in China with a really professional and competent sales organization and marketing team who really have been with us for quite some time. So I think the spread between Royal Caribbean International and the competing brands in the market is quite significant. And a lot of that is driven by the hardware. Quantum and Ovation are world-class leading hardware and they're the only brand new ships in the China market.
Michael W. Bayley: Hi, Robin, it's Michael. Just to answer your first question on China and more ships, obviously we don't make any announcements on new ships until we make the announcements. And we're aware of announcements that have been made already for 2017. So when we're ready, we'll announce. But I think, overall, we continue to be very positive about the opportunity in China. It's the beginning of something that we think is really, really positive. So our intention is to continue to invest and grow that market.
Richard D. Fain: And Tim, on the question of the discounting policy, the previous policy had, depending on the length of the cruise, we had different periods. So in some cases, we said there'd be no discounting within the last 10 days, in some last 20, some last 30 and some the last 40. And people weren't sure which applied to which and we thought it was easier both from the public's point of view, but also a key driver of this is from our own revenue managers' point of view. And so it's important that we have a clear policy that everybody understood and could follow. And we decided to expand it to 30 days across the board except for the three nights and four nights.
Richard D. Fain: Tim, let me just add one thing, I know you know this, but for some of the others. When we talk about the broader season, Quantum of the Seas was unusual in, for the first time we were doing year-round in China. Previously, we've only been there seasonally. So what we've decided was it was a year-round opportunity. And while we don't get as much in the winter in China as we get in the summer in China like any other market, we do well in the winter. But when you average it in, it brings down the average. But as it relates to overall, China actually is helping us in our improvement in 2016.
Richard D. Fain: Felicia, I'll just add something. I do think that Jason's focus on this is very helpful, but all of our leaders here, Adam, Lisa, Michael, the others are really very focused on it. I'd also just maybe take the opportunity to talk a little bit about the timing of it during the year. You know I've said this in previous calls; we manage on an annual basis. And one thing that's a little unique about our business that, I think, distinguishes us from many others is that we have some significant big costs that we can shift around in terms of timing. So we would look at a booking pattern to say whether we ought to drydock a ship in March or April or September or October or what have you. And when we make those decisions, we simply don't pay attention internally to whether that falls in this quarter or that quarter. But those kinds of, what we think of as, immaterial tweaking to get the best outcome, particularly as it relates, for example, if I take a drydocking, we might find that for whatever reason we were just booking better at the end of September than early October, and we would just decide to shift the drydock from one quarter into another. From an operating point of view, they're immaterial. And those kinds of changes can actually help us in bringing our overall cost number down. But I fully recognize that, as it relates to individual quarters, they will distort the numbers. And unfortunately, that's simply a fact of life, and we think our best strategy is to continue to focus on the year. We want to – if it's cheaper for us to do it in March than April, we'll do it in March rather than April, and the Double-Double. And the Double-Double has really been very helpful. You talked about our cost containment over the last number of years now. The Double-Double is actually a very helpful concept that everybody can focus on and move towards that common goal. So I think that's why we've had the results that we've had. But I do acknowledge it does relate to bumps in any given quarter or period.
Richard D. Fain: Well, we made the decision certainly without seeing or expecting this kind of a reaction here. And as I said, I think the board and the management felt very good about the trajectory we're on. And nothing has changed in our view as to what our actual – the word that I keep hearing used is cadence, but I would say the pattern of our earnings growth over the next couple of years. So our view on the business is very constant. I think I'm always a little cautious to speak on behalf of the board on something like this because this is the sort of thing that everybody looks at. But we did see that it was appropriate to do a share buyback. We also will temper our enthusiasm as it relates to the shares because it is our intention to become an investment-grade company, and I think we would take that as a consideration factor as well. So I certainly don't think there's been any negative change in their general view, but I don't think the board would tend to be knee-jerk on particularly a short-term change in the share price.
Richard D. Fain: Yeah. And I think as you've made clear in sort of this back and forth, there are a lot of things that go into that equation. I'm going to be very cautious not to preempt the board on something that a board rightfully focuses on carefully. But I think those are the things. It's the opportunity when there is what appears to be a downturn in the share price. On the other hand, there is the need to make sure that we have the appropriate capital for our new building program. And this is, of course, a capital-intensive business. And we also do want to get to investment grade. So the board will have to balance those things. But obviously what's happening in the market will be something that we will be looking at very closely.
Richard D. Fain: Steven, thank you for those comments. Thank you particularly for the first comment. Yes, we think the cost performance has been excellent for a number of years now and we're quite proud of the work. And I think the fact that it comes – then at the same time that our level of guest satisfaction goes up is an important feature for us because I think it's actually relatively easy to cut costs if you don't care about the product that you deliver to your guest. But we have been raising guest satisfaction while we've been cutting cost. And as you say, this level of cost discipline is actually quite good. There are a couple of things. One we'll take credit for, which is that I think the management has done a really very good job of looking for new ways of doing things, new efficiencies, et cetera. The other is, and we did telegraph this when we were doing it, which is that we spent money which we thought would result in savings later on. And we talked about some of those things. We talked about the IT spending. We talked about some of the other stuff that we were doing. And so I think that also helps us a little bit by comparison. But we're not resting on our laurels on that. We think there is more to be done, continual efficiencies, because even the guidance we've given which now is for 2016 up marginally, obviously the inflation in the areas that we're looking at is higher than that. The answer to your second question was the compensation, yes, our compensation is – all the management team's compensation has in it a number of factors, one of which is specifically net cruise costs excluding fuel. But on the other hand, another one of which is net revenue yield. Another one is safety and environment. So we're trying to make sure that we're meeting our cost goals, our revenue goals, but also not doing things that put us at risk. This is a long-term business and we've worked hard to put Royal Caribbean in a position where it is solid on, if you will, the triple bottom line as well as just the earnings per share. I'm going to let Jason handle the last of those questions.
