Jason Liberty: Sure, Steve. Thanks for the comments. So, yesterday, we closed on our bond that we launched last week. We were really happy with the additional liquidity we were able to gain by raising that money. But the other thing that we're really happy about is that by raising that bond it really provided a lot of flexibility for us to raise additional capital, especially debt. So, there's a pretty significant basket and flexibility on our ability to raise additional debt. And I would also add that we believe that our Return to Service plans, as we consider them, that we have adequate liquidity. But, if those circumstances change, and depending on how things play out, we would certainly need to consider all alternatives that would be available to us.
Jason Liberty: I would say that we are very sensitive to dilution. But, overall I think that we purposely made sure we had maximum flexibility on the debt side.
Jason Liberty: Yes. So, I'll take the first one. I think, the way that you would read it is, I don't think we're overly optimistic. I think we are being -- looking at the reality of the situation. And when we kind of evaluate our different Return to Service plans and different scenarios; that was the emphasis for us raising the capital all that we did this past week. So, again, I think we have to see how things play out. And I think that we have a lot of good quality brands, quality assets. And I think that we would evaluate the markets if we see circumstances change outside of the different scenarios that we're evaluating. So, I won’t read into it at all that we're optimistic. I think, I would read into it that we think we've taken the actions on the capital raising side based off of what we currently think. And we also think that there's more opportunity for us to do, on the cost and capital side to further reduce our burn rate.
Jason Liberty: That's one avenue. I mean, our teams have done an exceptional job of really reducing the operating costs while the ships are not operating. And there is opportunity to move some of them into a cooler type of layup. But, I think even if you look at our layup costs on a per berth basis, we've found creative ways to have the ships in a maybe of a warmer layup, with really the cost differential being very small. So, that's one of I think many levers under evaluation to further reduce the burn rate.
Jason Liberty: So, the first way that I would frame it is there's a difference between sailings that you’re canceling, which obviously we talked about, that about 45% of our guests asked for their cash back. And then, the kind of ebbs and flows of customers that are booking further out in terms of path to canceled sailings. So obviously, the ones when we cancel sailings, there's a lot of outflow that occurs for those 45% more or less that we've been seeing. But, when you look at into Q4, you look out into next year, you look at that kind of period of time. You do see more inflow than you see outflow occurring when you look at kind of Q4 and beyond. And it's really where you see most of the outflow occurring is when you're canceling sailings and the guest is considering whether or not they're going to hold on to an FCC or get reimbursed. And I think, as we get to the point where we're not canceling sailings, that's where I think you begin to see that that inflection point, and also as you begin to focus to customer more and more on booking into '21.
Jason Liberty: Well, I think, once you get to where you’re back up and operating, I think you will see cancellations move to much more of a typical level, which obviously, especially when you're canceling sailings are going to be elevated. And of course, when everybody's been in the stay-at-home order, you would expect it to be elevated. But yes, when you look at 2021 as an example, cancellation rates are at very typical levels.
Jason Liberty: The other point I would add is, our Cruise of Confidence programs and so forth, have really been very well accepted by the trade and by our guests. And as I made in my comments, our loyalty guests have really just been absolutely incredible in their support. And you can really see their love of cruising as they begin to want to focus further out.
Jason Liberty: Okay. Sure. Hi, Karen. You sound better than Tim. So, good morning. So, in terms of the unencumbered assets that -- so we basically encumbered about $12 billion of our balance sheet. And so, you've got the balance of that that is unencumbered. And not all of that would be available, for example, like an OpCo type of structure, but a very large percentage of the balance would be available if we were to choose to raise additional liquidity via debt.
Jason Liberty: Well, I think at this point cash is king. And of course, if we were to raise additional debt, might be at this point in time, that would be at a higher rate than the Silversea. So, I don't think at this point we have any specific plans. But, we are evaluating all different alternatives to scrap our capital structure.
Jason Liberty: What I would say is typical levels is kind of looking back over the past several years. It is lower than our '19 levels, but it's not much lower than what we've seen calling over the past three to five years on -- in terms of that typical average. The only thing I would say on the rate side is, we are -- our rates are at mid-single-digits today, that is versus 2020. And I think that number will fluctuate up and down, depending on load factor for next year and also will be depending on, as our guests continue to apply the FCCs that will weigh a little bit on that rate. But overall, what we're seeing is that we are seeing strong demand for '21, the volumes are at typical levels, rates are up a little bit. And those trends continue to support that. And as I commented in my remarks, over the past four weeks, we've seen even better demand trends for the back half of this year and 2021.
Jason Liberty: Yes. I would say, it's much more new bookings. On the FCCs that we that we have out there, about 20% of them have been applied, but it's a very small percentage of the forward booking period. So, our commentary about the booking environment really relates to new bookings.
Jason Liberty: The color that I would give -- I mean, overall, we've been relatively impressed with the numbers that are taking the FCCs and also the utilization of the FCCs. Utilization and those taking FCCs are more skewed towards our loyalty members. But, what you would see is younger cruisers, and I'm really talking to the millennials or the younger part of the millennials are typically looking more for their cash back, while families and baby boomers are likely to take the FCC and utilize it.
Jason Liberty: Yes. It’s almost impossible question to answer, because of the fluidity of the situation. What I would say is that what we find is for our newer ships, you need about 30% load factors to kind of break even on an EBITDA basis, and then they skew to about 50% load factor onto our older ships. So, it's a -- I would kind of -- if you wanted to kind of build the model, I would think about it that way -- but, we've done a lot to right size our costs. We've done a lot to minimize our capital, so that as you return to service, you certainly do not need the entire fleet operating at full levels to break even. And you don't need load factors to be exceptionally high, either. I think, we just -- a slow Return to Service, you'll get his back to a breakeven EBITDA relatively short period of time.
Jason Liberty: Yes. I think, there's a lot of opportunity that you'll see here on the capacity side. I do think that you will see ships that are retired at a much higher pace than what we have seen in the past because there really hasn't been that much of a scrapping side. I think, the combination of what's happening with COVID and then the IMO regulations, you'll see interest in some of the older vessels for possible sale. And then there's just the reality that the new building programs for us and probably for the industry, will slow and they'll slow because the yards themselves are -- they’re not really operating, they're just beginning to think about getting back up and running. The supply chain has been impacted. And so, it will take time. And so, you're going to see a permanent shift and delay of new buildings for some time, which is going to weigh on capacity growth numbers for the foreseeable future, because -- especially on the new building side, it’s not a shift and catch up, it's likely to be a very permanent shift.
Jason Liberty: Yes. I wish I can give you an executive number, because some of it just has to do with -- there's a way of cost and then also the movement of the crew and so forth. But, there's definitely opportunity in that 150 to 175. I mean, typically, when we're laying up a ship, if it's in a, call a cold state, it's about between 1 million and 1.5 million a month; and in a warm way up, it’s somewhere between 2 million to 2.5 million a month. So there's the opportunity to move more of those into a cooler layup. The thing that we also have to think about is as we bring them back up, the cooler you make them, the more it will cost to bring them from a cool layup into a hot state to be able to operate. So, some of it is just looking at the Return to Service plan and being thoughtful about which ships are going to come up first. As Richard commented, it's not a light switch. It's more of a dimmer that as we bring the fleet back on. And so that's one of the things that's kind of on the consideration. But, there's definitely opportunity there. It's not going to be zero. But, it's certainly could be better than the 150 million.
Jason Liberty: So, overall, I mean, what we're seeing average wise is about 45%. There has been a little bit of an increase relative to what we were experiencing previously in the rate of guests that are taking the cash versus the FCC. But, most of that has to do with the mix of the guests and sort of more -- as you start getting to be a little bit more internationally sourced on some things, what we're finding is, guests from other parts of the world more often not choose cash versus the FCC, which is a different pattern than what we've seen in markets like North America.
Jason Liberty: In current states like this, we have much more variability opportunity on your costs. And that's because, as you know what your load factors are going to be or you think they're going to be, then you're able to bring the crew on and off the ship in a more flexible manner, which is where a lot of your fixed costs are. So, I think that we see more variability than what we have historically seen as our ships return to service. And a lot of that will be also deployment based.
Jason Liberty: I would not. I think, a lot of it will be determined based off of the dialogues we're having with different regulators and the CDC and so forth. That would be more of the -- that will be more of what calibrates our thinking around load factors.
Jason Liberty: So, good point, Assia. So first, I would say is there -- load factors can be lower because they have great economies of scale. They're extremely fuel efficient, and cabin category makes it very reach. Really more broadly within the fleet, our fleet is very -- the public space [Technical Difficulty] is very good. But certainly the newer ships have a more public space for past few years and would be heavily in consideration for the Return to Service, as well as other ships that we've modernized and have more venues on to.
Jason Liberty: Yes. So, I was -- I think to your point, one of the things that we've generally been seeing is that, I think all the effort around price integrity that we've done and I think others in the industry have done, what we've seen is people being much more measured in terms of taking pricing action. You see more packaging, more promotional activity, but we are seeing your pricing stay relatively stable. And of course, the likelihood that there's going to be some lower load factors for a period of time will also help support that pricing going into the early part of next year. Okay. So, thank you for your assistance today, Sia, with the calls today. And we thank all of you for your participation and interest in the Company. Carola will be available for any follow-up you might have. And from our homes, we wish you all a really great day, and take care. Be safe.
Michael Bayley: Hi. Steve, it's Michael. Interestingly, yesterday I was on the CLIA European Executive Committee call where we had an extensive update from all of the national directors in the various European countries. And I would say that from the feedback from that call yesterday, and then the discussion we've had with our China team in Shanghai, is very different story by region and by country. And I think, it's highly likely that either the Asian markets in China for example, or the European region could come back earlier, because of course, they went through this experience earlier, and that's particularly true of China. So, we're very aware of these different landscapes. And I think we're also relatively pleased to have this global infrastructure that we can leverage to utilize that opportunity, if it does materialize. I think, with your comments about the CDC, obviously, we are highly focused on ensuring, as Richard started this whole call, with ensuring the safety and a Healthy Return to Service. So, however, we return to service, we're only going to return to service regardless of regional market, when we believe that we have a Healthy Return to Service plan that’s deemed as the right way forward. And our guests will be comforted by that plan. So, it's interesting. I think we will see different markets come back at a different pace. And I think our global infrastructure and the strength of our brands is really going to power us through those opportunities.
Michael Bayley: Yes. And James, it's Michael. I'd like to add a little bit of color to Jason's comments. I think, we've really seen surprising demand from our loyalty members. And remember, we've got close to 20 million loyalty members. And, their response to various promotions that we put into the market, just to understand what the demand looks like, has been surprisingly positive. So, as we move into Q4 and into '21, we've been honestly surprised in terms of the demand that we've seen coming in, particularly from the loyalty guests.
Michael Bayley: Hi. Assia, it's Michael. Interestingly our plan is this afternoon will be enhancing further suspension of voyages until the end of July, until July 31. The only exception to the suspension will be China operations.
Richard Fain: And, Felicia, this is Richard, and I'll just comment on the process of returning to service. I think, we don't expect that this is going to be that someday somebody blows a horn and all the ships start operating right away. We think that it will be a gradual start, a little bit like societies in -- is opening up gradually. And so, we would imagine that we would start with -- smaller with fewer shifts and more likely to be more drive markets in the beginning, and they would then evolve and grow from there. I also think, coming back to the earlier question that such being differences between what's happening in different countries, what's happening in the local society with different mix of where the ships are and where they're going. So, I also think that you'll see that high degree of variability depending on what area of the world you're talking about. But to answer your second question, we see that as a slow and gradual thing, not suddenly a lot of ships coming back in the market.
Richard Fain: Yes. So, I think what we're looking at, as you mentioned, is all four of those situations. And the fourth one is very much a part of it. We think it is premature to come out. We're working with a series of experts on the topic where we're obviously very conscious of the issue. I think, it's premature for us to go through the thoughts we have on any of the four, both because we keep getting better but also knowledge of the virus and knowledge of what we can do -- one can do with it keeps changing. So, before we come to service, that will be one of the questions that we have to address forthright way. And as I say, it's both, coming out with a proper way to handle it and it's important to be transparent about how that will operate. And as we approach our safe Return to Service, the Healthy Return to Service, we will be providing more information on that.
Richard Fain: So, currently, we have really two programs in place, one is Cruise with Confidence, which we launched really as a way to give immense flexibility to existing customers and to customers who are considering sailing because the key really of Cruise with Confidence is even within final penalty and with full payment, you can basically cancel your sailing within 48 hours of departure, and then you can receive a FCC for 100% of the value, which you can then utilize at any point up until the early 2022. So, that's an FCC that is really utilized heavily, because there is no refund -- cash refund option that comes with Cruise with Confidence. It's basically the ability to simply move your booking, whenever you feel comfortable to sail. And then, the other FCC option is provided when we suspend our sailings and then we give the guests basically two choices. Either one, you can have a cash refund of course, or secondly, we'll provide you with a future cruise credit for 125%, which I think as Jason's already mentioned, about 45% of our customers are taking the refund and 55% are holding the future cruise credit to be able to utilize on a future sailing. And we've also introduced, with these programs, something called lift and shift, which allows guests to simply lift up their booking and move it to a future booking, whenever they choose. I'm not sure if I answered your question, but I think I may have answered it.
Richard Fain: Yes. It's a great point. And interestingly, we are already in dialogue with over 30 different ports and destinations around the world in terms of plans and Return to Service. And it's surprising how many ports and destinations are very interested in returning to service and opening. And in fact, we get many calls asking us when are we going to bring our ships there? So, we're in that discussion, and that requires a lot of planning because it needs to be really part of our Healthy Return to Service. I think one thing fairly true is that for example, in the American market, [Technical Difficulty].
Richard Fain: It’s very -- I don't think you can generalize one over the other. I think it's a very -- it's a mixed story. I think, in many ways, every region, every country is on their own journey. And I think maybe you can generalize to say that certainly China and Asia went through this first. So, it's just logical that they're emerging from this first. And I think it's the same thing with Europe, and now of course, with everything in the U.S. in the Caribbean. So, there's a kind of a logical relationship with how people first went into this as a society and how people are thinking about coming out of it.
