Jason Liberty: Right. Oh, good morning, Tim. I will take the issue question and I will pass it over to Michael to take the onboard one. On the Asia side, which also includes Southeast Asia as well as Australia, we still see the strength with – there is 66% more capacity in China and we still see significant strength happening in the yields, but not at that double-digit level that we had experienced last year, but still very strong. And then the other products are really Southeast Asia, which is a mix of international guests which are basically kind of more on the flattish side. And then Australia, as we talked about, with a lot a capacity that has come into that market, is up slightly. And so, that balance gets you to that mid-single-digit or low- to mid-single-digit range.
Jason Liberty: Hi, Steve, it is Jason. Yes, if those factors did not come into play we would have held our yield guidance for the year.
Jason Liberty: Yes, that is right. And I think an important point on it, Steve, is when we went into our call in January, we had already experienced several weeks of strength in the booking environment. And I think as we commented, that strength was really seen for Q2 through Q4. And what we saw, which was more surprising after the call, is some of those trends to bake themselves into the first quarter. So the trends – the strength of those trends that we have seen outside of the Eastern Mediterranean have really continued forward.
Jason Liberty: Happy to, Felicia. So the way that I would kind of frame it is about – so the – approximately 50 basis point change from Q2 through Q4, which would be the implied change in that range or the midpoint of that range, half of it is really our anticipation on the effect of the non-US guest's spend on the ship. And then the balance of that is a mix of the Eastern Mediterranean and then some impact from the price integrity policy that Richard had referred to. I mean it is really small changes overall.
Jason Liberty: Sure, thanks, Felicia. So as it relates to the second quarter, Quantum is about to go on a 54 – 55-day voyage from New York to Shanghai. So it really takes up the majority of the second quarter, so that obviously has an impact on the yield because there is – the repositioning of sailings, though they are actually quite good for Quantum relative to other repos are still lower relative to the average. And then you have a lower – it takes several weeks to get over to Europe and that will also happen. And actually she has already left, and that will also take effect on the second quarter. And then to your point, we had about 120 basis points or so of revenue that transferred in from Q1 of 2015 into Q4. And so that, on a year-over-year comp, will make the Q4 comp – if you don't take that out will lead you to it being a higher number.
Jason Liberty: Hey, Harry, it is Jason. So the way you laid that out I think is the right way where you would see a broader decline in the second half of the year. What is driving the cost increase in Q2 which we alluded to at the latter part of last year as well as in the first quarter, that the investments we were making in China really – the undercurrent for the launch of Quantum is what is driving those costs up. And they would actually be higher than that amount if not for the underlying cost efficiencies that we've identified and have been implementing. And so, once that upfront cost goes away our costs get significantly better in Q3 and in Q4.
Jason Liberty: I didn't call them out to be necessarily recurring. It's if you are launching a ship, for example, when we launched the ship Quantum in the fourth quarter of last year the buildup, the sales and marketing efforts, the set ups of the offices and the campaigning is really what drives those up and they are not. Now sometimes you can see them as being reoccurring. For example, when we launch Ovation next year, we will probably have similar costs for Ovation. But on a like-for-like basis, it is not like we just keep upping the game. As new ship comes up, there is a portion that increases as we add new ships, but it is not proportional to the capacity.
Jason Liberty: Sure. There is definitely some in the previous quarters. Not necessarily where you kind of build up or hang it up in any way. It is really just that is really where you are spending the kind of core part of that money. And that just happens to be taking place in Q2 as the ship launches, at the very end of Q2 in Shanghai.
Jason Liberty: There is also obviously costs around repositioning the ship and other things as well that make it a little bit higher than the average during that period.
Jason Liberty: Yes, we don't go in specifically in terms of how we are booked per quarter. But as I commented, we are in a very good book position for Q2 going forward, and that would also be discretely for each quarter. We are in a good book position and at a good rate for the periods, which also gives us confidence. And obviously, in the back half of the year Q2 forward, it implies that you need a higher yield and that is based off of the pricing and book position that we are in.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, I would – obviously, we would not be giving guidance unless we felt comfortable with it. And I would say the book position, the rates and so forth we feel good about, realizing that's the journey of basically a – close to a mid-digit yield improvement, which includes both ticket and onboard in order to achieve the midpoint of the yield guidance.
Jason Liberty: So in Q1 we had said relative to the – our guidance in October of last year fuel was a 59 – I'm sorry, currency was a $0.59 bad guy and oil was a $0.55 – $0.54 good guy. And then as – relative to that point, on our January guidance that gets you to $0.36. And a breakdown of approximately is – about $0.16 of that is due to the increase in fuel prices and about $0.20 is due to the strengthening of the dollar relative to our basket of currencies. So you have got to factor those onto the other ones if you wanted to bridge yourself to October.
Jason Liberty: Well, I'm not going to get into – I mean obviously the mix of whatever happens with currency and fuel can change what could impact that. I think our view is we have obviously a clear commitment toward that Double-Double goal. And as we've said in the past, you need aggressive but achievable yield improvement in order to get it to it. And you need to have good cost control. And I think as you can see in our efforts this year to improve our cost basis, we continue to make movements and actions in order to keep ourselves on that track. And so, we are still very confident in the ability to reach those 2017 goals. Obviously also what we commented on our last call is that we historically have seen a very strong inverse relationship between fuel and currency. That decoupled a little bit in the first quarter, but, as we said, it is not something that is perfect day by day but it generally aligns itself over time. But at this point based on where currency is, where fuel is at and the underlying performance of the business we feel good about the Double-Double program.
Jason Liberty: And, Steve, on your question on the onboard, just to make sure – I will address it how I understood it, but the question might be different. Our commentary on the onboard side is what we have experienced from non-US guests who have seen the value of their currency devalue relative to the dollar really over the past 6 to 9 months. And that has – we have seen signs and evidence of them spending less on the ship as they purchase things or try to purchase things in US dollar. We have a very small portion of our total revenue – onboard revenue that is priced in local dollars, that is really just related to the Chinese sailings.
Jason Liberty: Hi, Jaime. I think we have said for some time that yield was being cost-conscious and having moderate capacity growth is really our formula to get to the Double-Double number. Obviously over the next several years we have a good amount of capacity coming online. And I think our efforts, whether it is on the shared service side or across the brands, to realize scale during that time is what is relevant to ensure that our costs stay in a moderate growth pattern.
Jason Liberty: I am not going to get into assumptions. But I think we have had a pretty good track record over the past several years of keeping our cost probably moderate, but I would probably say below moderate situation with our costs being flat to down 1 this year and our costs coming in down 0.6 last year.
Jason Liberty: I think our expectation, because there is a different mix here – over the summertime you are much more indexed towards the European consumer, so you are really pound and euro. And you can see in that currency chart pound is where we are more effective on a net perspective, but there could be noise between onboarding and cost as an example. And then as you switch over into Q4 you move more South to like Brazil and you move more to Australia and other markets where they have taken quite a hit on their currency. So I think we look at that anticipation as what it could be for the balance of the year.
Jason Liberty: It is a portion of the [indiscernible] 25 basis points. Yes, no, I was going to say, as I talked about, it is a portion of that 25 basis points.
Jason Liberty: Great. Thank you for your assistance, Brandy, with the call today. And we thank all of you for your participation and interest in the Company. Laura will be available for any follow-ups you might have and we really wish you all a great day. Thank you.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Tim, it is Michael. On the question of onboard revenue, we started to see a little bit of softness in the first quarter as it relates to the international guests. And we think that is related to price sensitivity as a result of the degradation of these various currencies. We started to look at pricing actions in US dollar that don't necessarily impact the US customer. And we have had some good fortune with some of the pricing actions that we have taken and we started to change the way that we bundle products and how we are communicating these bundled products into the marketplace, both in the international markets and the US market. It is early days yet, but some of the actions that we have taken we think are proving to be successful in relation to the mitigation for the international.
Michael Bayley: Well, pre-cruise they are paying in their local currency. Obviously when they board our ships they are paying in US dollars. So it is the pre-cruise opportunity that we are currently exploring. On the US dollar pricing, the opportunity there is more with our US customers. And just to make one comment, our onboard revenue, even though we have got this slight softness in relation to international guests, we are still heading for a record year as it relates to onboard revenue.
Michael Bayley: Yes, Felicia, I can answer that. Yes, they are profitable. I mean I think the kind of deals that we are generating out of the New York market and the Shanghai market are higher than the yields we generate on these long trans-Atlantic/trans-Pacific voyages. So it is quite a journey, 55 days, 3 different segments to Europe through to the Indian Ocean into Singapore and then Shanghai. And those voyages just generate a lower yield than we typically see in New York and Shanghai. But still a good yield and it is profitable – all 3 voyages are profitable. Just to also add to Jason's point, the Allure has actually left on Sunday from Fort Lauderdale on the way to Europe and then goes into a dry dock until May 19 when it starts sailing out of Barcelona. And then it is performing very well in the European market. So we are pleased with what we are saying with Allure in Europe, but it is obviously in dry dock for a couple of weeks.
Michael Bayley: I don't have the number in front of me, Robin, but, as I say, from what we are seeing we are confident and it is that confidence that really allowed us to make the decision on Ovation.
Michael Bayley: Yes, I mean when we say we are sold, obviously it is committed sailings where we have gotten money paid for those sailings. So it is really a combination of FIT groups, charters, charter for resale – it is the combination, the blend of all of these things that we have and we have got money deposited for that.
Michael Bayley: Hi, James, it is Michael. Yes, I think that is a good observation and that is true. I mean, the strength of the US dollar, the weakness of currencies like the euro makes certainly Europe more attractive for travel. And obviously what we are seeing in the US market is pretty healthy. And so, we are seeing that both in what people are buying, pre-, post-, during and then also what they are willing to spend onboard. So I think that is quite a healthy – I think we feel like we are in a healthy place with the US market so there is some opportunity there.
Richard Fain: Yes, hi, Steve. Actually that is something we have been watching for a while. And I guess I would have to say we have been pleased with how well it has held up over the last several years actually with a large amount of new capacity. I think what has happened and what's giving us some comfort is that we are seeing more and better ships and more and better kinds of itineraries to offer. So it has held up. But as Jason pointed out in the earlier part of it, to some extent when we look at our overall yields in the Pan Asian region, that is offsetting the very strong yields out of China.
Richard Fain: I think we have said that this is the right policy for us independent of anyone else and I think that is really the approach we took in deciding. It was really important to strengthen our brand because in the long run it is our brand that is going to drive our yield improvements. And so, no, I can't comment on anybody else's. But I think I really would emphasize we think this is going to help us out regardless of what anyone else does.
Richard Fain: Felicia, it is Richard, if I could just add a comment because I think as we are looking at these things we recognize this ends up causing a lot of confusion between the quarters. Because as Jason and Michael have said, we have these voyages which are doing less. But when we look in total we are very happy with the way that develops. But it certainly does confuse any given quarter and the second quarter does have, particularly this year, those extra positioning voyages which bring down the average then. And we have taken that into account, we have always had that in our own forecasts.
Richard Fain: Robin, it's Richard again. No, it is too early for there to have been any measurable impact at this point. And by the way, it has happened to have occurred – the implementation happened to have occurred during a particularly good time for us. So the impact on occupancy was less than it might in another time. And we are going to have to follow this policy in times like now where it maybe doesn't have as much impact, maybe in some other quarters it will have more impact. But we think that getting our customers out of this sort of used car salesman kind of mentality will be overall good for the brand, good for their experience and therefore lead to longer yields in the long run. But so far it is too early for us to see a measurable impact.
Richard Fain: So maybe putting it another way, we had given the guidance of $4.75 at the end of January and, if nothing else changed, that number would have dropped by $0.36 as a result of foreign exchange and fuel.
Richard Fain: Hi, Steve, I will start on the pricing integrity thing. First of all, the reason it hasn't impacted – in the short-term – sorry, in the long-term I absolutely agree with you. I think everybody is going to find this to be a better and more – less disruptive and less unpleasant way of handling it. So I think in the long-term that is going to help us. I think that it helps solidify the image of our branding and in the long run the branding is what drives the pricing. And we have a lot of other steps in place to enhance the branding of our products and that actually has been improving over the last few years. We think this will be one more big step. And so, in the long-term I agree with you, that will have only a positive impact. In the short-term it has a negative impact because obviously the reason that we have been doing last minute discounts is because the ship wouldn't otherwise be absolutely full. And so, while the number is small we have used it to top up. And so there is less topping up so you don't get the revenue from those last passengers. And it may take a little while for travel agents and consumers to understand just how serious we are about this. But in the short-term it has that impact. On the other comment that you asked about which was the value added, that is something that we have been quite aggressive about over a while. And in fact in the past I have pointed out that it is going to make it a little more difficult to judge between onboard and other revenue because sometimes – onboard and ticket revenue, because sometimes we do – we will offer what we call a value added package. So instead of lowering our price we might give them a special promotion, we might give them drinks, we might give them a bath robe, we might give them a cabin upgrade, whatever it is. And so, there becomes an interplay between the ticket pricing and the onboard revenue. And one of the things that I've commented on is that when we talk about enhancing our revenue management systems, part of the objective, and I think part of something that will be paying off for us, is the integration of onboard revenue into our revenue management system. So that those 2 things can work in tandem as opposed to being treated as totally independent variables. And so I think you do see – and sometimes you see – Celebrity had a very successful promotion, which is 123 Go!. And we basically gave the consumer the option of different kinds of ancillary packages to support the ticket pricing. Very successful, very popular. But it does blur the line between ticket and onboard. And I think that is something we want to enhance and expand on. We think it is a real opportunity. So, I agree with you.
Richard Fain: I don't think we have a number in that context because it is a long-term program. But obviously North America is our dominant market and the 2 to 4 night is a smaller percentage of the total. So it is the dominant factor in our pricing matrix.
