Michael Bayley: Hi, Robin, it's Michael. As you know, we've suspended our sailings until the end of October, with two exceptions. One of them is the China operations and also Australia. It may well be possible that we'll resume operations in China and potentially Australia before the end of October, but it's uncertain and I'm not making any statements that that's going to happen but there's some possibility. So that's a possibility that may occur. As it relates to the protocols, I think what we're seeing in Europe is Europe is certainly a different environment as it relates to how people view COVID and what's occurring with COVID through – clearly Europe, for some time now, there's been a series of interactions and discussions with both the European Union that at the end of July issued guidelines for the cruise industry in terms of returning to sailing and there's been individual discussions between national governments and cruise companies which has resulted in what we've seen in terms of miscellaneous cruise companies returning to operations. Obviously, through our Cruise Line Association in Europe, we're very engaged in what's happening and we're obviously receiving a lot of feedback. It's a great learning experience for the industry in terms of what's occurring. With regards to the protocols, I think, certainly, testing seems to be very relevant and discussions are underway. As Richard had mentioned earlier, we have a degree of confidence in the panel that we've formed, and all of our protocols are currently under review with the panel. So testing is part of the thinking, but we have not yet reached a point in our protocols where we're ready to publish and release for discussion. But it's very likely that testing will occur. We're also seeing in discussions with multiple destinations around the world, which is another component of the return to service, particularly as it relates to Caribbean that testing is very much at the front of how people are thinking about protocols for returning.
Michael Bayley: Yes, Steven. The CDC requested public comment, and the final date for public comment is September 21st. Our panel is working through the month of August. We're hoping that towards the end of the month that we'll have a final position that's signed up on by our panel and we feel is the right plan to return. So the timing kind of starts to come together with all of the public comment concluding towards the end of September, our work concluding towards the end of August. We think that there's some good opportunity in terms of how that comes together. But I think it's important to note that there – as we know, there's just a huge amount of uncertainty with how this will play out. And obviously, one of the biggest dynamics is what's occurring with COVID itself. So we've certainly seen in Europe that as COVID decreased, and particularly, for example, in Germany – Germany was one of the first countries to open up to be flexible in terms of opening up for cruising because it reflected how people were seeing what was occurring with COVID. So if we're fortunate and everything comes together at the same time, then we're hopeful that we'll be entering into some meaningful dialogue towards the end of September.
Michael Bayley: Hi. Felicia. Yeah, I think, Jason, in his opening comments, mentioned that certainly, when anxiety is relatively high because of COVID then bookings decrease in relation to how anxiety is heightening. We've been conducting consumer research since March. So we've got a really good sense of how the customer is thinking about cruising vacations, different opportunities and how they're viewing all of that. And what we see is the direct correlation between what's occurring in the state that they live in and how optimistic they are. And then that, of course, translates into how we see the bookings coming in. So, that's one thing that we've seen. The other thing is that, we did see that younger customers were more inclined to be booking but we also saw a huge response from our loyalty customers. So, it's across the board and across different brands have a different kind of response from customers. But I would say that the key core for bookings at the moment is loyalty cruises, people who understand what cruising is. They feel confident and comfortable that once we start getting this behind us that everything will return they're very anxious to go on a vacation. The other observation, which is really my observation, is I'm kind of hopeful that we're going to see a lot of pent-up demand. And certainly, when you look at our bookings by quarter in 2021, there's a lot of activity as we move into the summer. And I think a lot of people have written off this summer. They've decided that there's not going to be a big summer vacation for all of the reasons that we know. But people certainly want to have a vacation next year. And I'm kind of hopeful that we're going to see a nice bump in 2021, because people want to go and have a great vacation. And certainly, when you look at our bookings for 2021 the summer, the summer seems to be pretty popular. Thank you.
Michael Bayley: Yeah. It's a real – as you pointed out, it's a real puzzle, and there's so many variables to consider. It's certainly a component of the thinking as it relates to the protocols of healthy return take into account the prevalence of COVID, not only in the origination, but also in the destination. So, as you can imagine, one of the projects that we're working on now is a dialogue with all of the destinations, for example, in the Caribbean, South Central America, we formed a task force where literally all of the tourism ministers and many prime ministers from these countries are participating with the FCCA, which is really part of CLIA to start thinking through how we're going to safely resume operations. So yes, the components of this is, is obviously going to be the prevalence of COVID in the origination and the destination. And I think just common sense tells you that if the prevalence is exceptionally high in a origination market, then that's going to hinder resumption of operations. But I think it's worth pointing out that certainly, for Royal we – the market is the United States, sure there are certain states that have higher density of customers, but we do draw from the entire country. And of course, we have an extensive international footprint as well. But it is a component of it. The panel is – they really are experts in their fields, and they are reviewing step-by-step, point-by-point, every single protocol that's placed in front of them by our team of experts. So it's a kind of an ongoing process. But the key point, I think, is the prevalence of COVID will have a determination on the return to service.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Brandt. Yeah, I think, it's been interesting ironically how well we've been doing with our bookings with almost no marketing spend. So that's caused a lot of anxiety with our CMO and our marketing organization because the bookings have been good without much investment. I think the answer really is, there's going to be a – kind of a natural relationship between the amount of investment in marketing when we return to service and the pace of the return to service. So, back to both Jason and Richard's point that this won't be a light switch, this will be a phased-in approach. And I think our marketing will phase in over what I hope will be a relatively short period of time. But I think once we get a real sense of how we're going to be returning to service in terms of the phasing, then our plans will reflect that. And again, to my previous point, I'm also a believer that there's pent-up demand. So, we're feeling quite optimistic about how that may play out.
Michael Bayley: Yes. It's a great question. We literally have worked through multiple scenarios on possible outcomes, applying different and multiple assumptions to these different scenarios. So it's a possibility. We hope that doesn't play out, but we have built plans for what you just asked about and other types of possible outcomes.
Michael Bayley: Hi. Ben. No, everything is pretty much normal in terms of how bookings are coming through the various channels. So we've seen nothing yet that would make you think there's some kind of trend change occurring. I think one thing is true that our distribution of many of our travel partners are obviously stressed, because of the situation. So that's something that we're aware of. Obviously, we're trying to be as supportive as we possibly can to our travel partner community. Because, when all of this does get behind us, we'll need them and want them to be booking for us, but no, no noticeable change at the moment.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes. Sure, Steven, and good morning. So first, obviously, when you're in a period of time when you're canceling sailings and for us a little under half of our guests are asking further cash back, those are times where you have more significant outflows. But when you step back and you look at our cancellation – our cancellation rates for our active sailings are only a tad higher than they typically are. And actually, for 2021, they're actually lower than what we have historically seen. And so when you're in that type of situation for active sailings, what you're seeing is that we're obviously taking in more than is going out. And so I think it's just getting to a period of time where we're not canceling sailings. And of course, the only – we only have a little under $300 million of customer deposits for the balance of the year. And as we get further now into the back half of the year, focus on 2021 begins to ramp up more and more, and so my commentary around what we're seeing around bookings for 2021 and what we're seeing in the cancellation rates, I think, is encouraging for that ratio flip.
Jason T. Liberty: Thanks, Michael. And on your second point, Felicia, first, I will just start off in saying, I'm looking forward to a vacation next summer. So, happy to get away from all these children. But on the pricing side, our commentary on pricing is actually higher than 2019 levels. So the same time last year is actually a record high. So we're in line with a record high. And if you exclude the future cruise certificates, which were issued at 125%, we're actually above those record levels.
Jason T. Liberty: Sure, sure. I've seen the articles as well. I'm not quite sure the source of the articles, but I've seen them. So we're obviously in the situation about return to service remains fluid. We continue to look internally at cost, internally at capital, looking at other ways, even in the non-capital market bank world to further bolster our liquidity. And by that, what I mean is looking at support from the different governments and ETAs that we do business with which have been incredibly supportive. And then when you look on the capital markets side, on the debt side, we've got about $3 billion of debt that we're able to issue. We still have about $700 million of Opco guarantee that is available to us, if we chose to do something on the debt side, and then the balance of that would be unsecured. Of course, we also have other assets, new ships that are coming online, that we would be able to potentially put some leverage on, or security on as well as those ships come online. And then, of course, there's other avenues that could be considered. We are really focused not only just getting on to the other side of this crater, but also making sure that we gain our financial health and soon we see metrics and leverage that looks like pre-COVID levels. So, a lot of focus on that as just a general construct on the balance sheet.
Jason T. Liberty: Hi, Assia and good morning. So we've been really, I think, fortunate over the years of being able to sell ships and typically our philosophy on it is, if we don't think we have a good plan for that ship or to be generating sizable returns or it's difficult to make it a strategic fit to our brand, by modernizing it and so forth, we have looked to sell the ships. And we typically have averaged one or two ships a year. Certainly, in this time, we are evaluating opportunities to sell ships or to take other actions with ships. And I would say, as that information comes live, we would, of course, update the investment community on that. We're – there's already three ships, and three ships that are related to Pullmantur that are currently in the scrapping process. And so we're evaluating all options. But of course, we want to – we put a lot of money into these ships, these ships do exceptionally well. And so it's typically a difficult decision to depart with a ship, because they generate so much cash. The one comment I would just make in terms of the ramp-up. And I know I'm sure everybody is eager to hear, is it going to be x ships, y ships, whatever it is. I think as Richard pointed out a few minutes ago is that, it's going to – it's not going to be a light switch. And it's not going to be a light switch, because it's like, starting any type of operation we've got to ramp ourselves backup. And I think based off of what we see in terms of demand and protocols and so forth will be the determinant on how many ships come backup on day one. But our goal is to bring that backup. And move that dimmer, as quickly as we possibly can to get our fleet fully back up and running. And under the safety and health and protocols that everybody would expect us to be doing.
Jason T. Liberty: It's certainly possible, Assia. Again, I think that, as we get more visibility by market, by product, in terms of what's going to come on line and when, we'll more evaluate if changes need be to made whether it's to itineraries, whether it's to ships or whether it's to our new guests on what ship and so forth.
Jason T. Liberty: Sure. Well, I'll break it down this way. Similar to before, we had said $250 million to $290 million is the overall. The burn rate if you consider running in SG&A, it's somewhere around the $150 million to $170 million rate per month. Our brands, I mean, have really done an incredible job and continue to find creative ways to further reduce the cash burn on our ships. And doing it in a way that no way minimizes our ability to get the ships back up and running in a timely way. And so, I think we still see opportunity, for sure, in these numbers. But essentially running an SG&A is about that range. And about half of the $150 million to $170 million is running and the other half is SG&A.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah. Well, I think in terms of – on a structural standpoint, we've obviously – we've taken some G&A actions that we think will be permanent changes in our cost structure. On the running expense side, we continue to identify ways to save money. But of course, the product will scale up accordingly based off of the load factors and so forth over time, going back to the dimmer example. There will also be – and of course, we don't know exactly what that number is going to be. There's going to be additional costs that relate to some of these protocols, which some of it will be temporary and some of it might be for a more sustainable period of time that will be out there. But our goal is to make sure we're delivering the very best vacations in the world, continue to have strong Net Promoter Scores, but trying to do all of that while getting ourselves back to pre-COVID margins and better.
Jason T. Liberty: Well, I know – and when the time is right, Tim, we will look to try to provide guidance on how we see our cost structure developing. I would take my comments earlier about returning to financial health and getting back to kind of pre-COVID levels as the need for us to find ways to become more and more efficient here over time. But I think it's too early to communicate exactly what that would be. And of course, on a load factor basis and – it's going to be a ramp-up. I'm sure people like to have a specific number. But again, I think we look at until we have better visibility, it will be a little bit of time here before we start kind of guiding on the volumes and how those volumes relate to staffing levels and protocols that will be necessary in the early days.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah, sure. Good morning, Jaime. It's actually, both our TUI brand as well as Hapag-Lloyd have resumed. In both cases, the protocols that have been employed have one been well received and also seem to be managing the health aspects of this. And so, reports have been very good. I think the thing that has been one of the better outcomes is customer surveys and Net Promoter Score and so forth have been relatively high here. And so, while we've installed some more protocols, social distancing and so forth, what we have seen is that we've been able to put on an experience, a vacation that is resonating very well with our German customers. So it's still early days, and the product is building up more and more, and they haven't stopped anywhere yet, but they've been able to put on great vacation experiences. They've been able to see beautiful things beyond the fresh air, and that has – that's resulted in very positive feedback from our customers.
Jason T. Liberty: No. This had more to do with Pullmantur – well, some of it was Pullmantur-related as that business is under – being restructured. There's also – we had some ships that we believe relative to the number of years they have left to recover their asset levels, there was some impairment there. And then, there were some things that also kind of flushed through in other joint ventures that we have and collections that we don't think are possible for ships that we have sold, but it was under seller financing for.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah, sure. So one, I would say it's – it bleeds a little bit more into also the front half of the year. So you see this kind of line as you kind of get into the early-to-mid part of the second quarter, where there's just strong demand for the season and beyond. It's almost what the consumer has somewhat kind of focused on that, that's when it will be time for them to deal with this pent-up demand that Michael had talked about. And if you look at it by product, it really is across all of our core products. So there's strength in the Caribbean, our European products, Alaskan products and so forth. So it's not just one thing, but it's really clear as we get kind of mid-Q2 and beyond that there's high demand and our consumers are willing to pay at or above these historical levels.
Jason T. Liberty: Yeah, really good question. So, I think on the new bookings side, I mean, the patterns that we're seeing is with strength and our guests willing to pay more than what they paid for same time last year or in 2019. But as the FCCs get redeemed, we would expect that, that's going to have an impact on those APDs, because they're effectively a 25% discount on the APD because of the application of that cruise credit. So I do think that there will be continued pressure on that APD benchmark just because of the application of those FCCs.
Jason T. Liberty: Sure. So if you kind of think about that $1.8 billion of customer deposits, about $900 million of it or so is our FCCs and about 40%, 45% of those are non-refundable FCCs. And so, so far, there's been about a third of those FCCs that have been applied. And we also have – well, although – there's about a third of the 125% one and then of course our Cruise with Confidence program, which are the non-refundable ones, there's been about 20% that has been unapplied today.
Jason T. Liberty: Okay. Well, thank you for your assistance today, Shelby, with the call. We thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Carola will be available all day, for any follow-ups you might have. And we all wish you all a very great day. Be healthy. Thank you.
