Jason Liberty: Well first good morning, Steve, I hope all is well. I think we should just really pause and take in that statement. I mean, it has been a effectively over two years since we can make a statement about being cash flow positive, and so it's great now to be in that position where we start to generate positive cash flow and positive EBITDA and then positive earnings as we get to the back half of the year. We very much think it is sustainable. Our load factors, our building in accordance with our expectations and there's been – there's been a lot of noise, you know, kind of generally in the system. There's always things that come up, but from what we can see in the day-to-day booking environment. We feel very good about the load factor build, the rate build that we're seeing. But I do think that this inflection point is a very important moment, not just for us but for the industry as we kind of get onto the other side of this.
Jason Liberty: So Steve, I think – I think first and as Naftali said in his comment, we are in a strong financial position. We're in a strong liquidity position. I first want to point out that the level of booking activity that we're seeing, the spend levels that we're seeing on the ship, we don't see anything to date that would show that there's some type of recession or recession fear weighing on the consumer. And I think a piece of that, as I said in my comments are the trillions of dollars of cash sitting in the savings accounts and the low leverage of the customers just in North America alone. But as we've seen in the past when there are recessionary periods, I think one of the things that's really important and it does pain me sometimes to say this, but we trade still at a significant value relative to land-based vacation. So when a consumer, let's just say they – they are feeling a level of pressure and they still need and want to go on vacations and build experiences and memories. And I think that that value differential, which we are every day doing all we can to close that gap is one in which the consumer recognizes, and that has tend to kind of farewell relative to other travel or consumer discretionary products during times like that.
Jason Liberty: Well, I think there's a few things – I think just a comment on the Europe side. So first I would say, it is our expectation in Europe for our load factors to be lower. Some of it is very much related to price integrity, but some of it's also that relates to the testing requirement to come back into the U.S. for Americans and that – those the combination of those things weighs on the consumer in terms of their travel expectations. And so as we said on our remarks, our expectation is we're going to be building up through the back half of this year to that that triple digit mark. And so our expectations is we will have lower load factors in Q3 relative to 100%.
Jason Liberty: Well Robin I'll tell – we had a meeting a few days ago with our senior leadership team and I think my comment to them was we have now moved from scenarios to now a forecast and because we can see that visibility not predictability, and that's a big statement for us, and I'm sure others as I think Michael always remind us, but I think we're like on our 300th scenario since the start of the pandemic. So I think we're getting closer to that and our visibility within the quarter is much greater. And we do appreciate that – having that visibility and predictability is important to the investment community. So I would say that we're getting close to it, and so I would wait to see what happens on the next quarter call.
Jason Liberty: Yes. But I think just to jump in, I mean, we are in the early innings of this pre-cruise system. Having the commerce engine in place, having the capabilities that Michael just talked about to be able to curate the experiences or services that we can be offering to that guest through their journey from when they book a cruise all the way through the time when they're sailing with us. And being proactive about opportunities that might arise even during the voyage and being able to put that or position that in front of the customer based off of things that they may have already had planned or things that they may have done in the past, et cetera. That is kind of getting to that one-to-one spot of engagement is really kind of what we see as the North Star here. And that's kind of what these systems and the AI and analytics and the use of data effectively is all about.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Hi Dan. Yes we're seeing it come through all of our customer segments. So we know, I think we commented maybe on the last call that the new to cruise was a little slower to return. And when we first started back in service, we did rely heavily on our loyalty customers, but that's really shifted now. And we've kind of moving back into a far more normal environment where we see our new to cruise returning. I mean, it helps with the fact that we've got great products that really do attract new to cruise. We've got perfect day. I think even in this year in 2022 we'll take over 2 million guests to perfect day this year alone. So the right products, the right mix of experiences that we're seeing on new to cruise customers come back to us. So, and then how they're spending is very similar. I mean, things shift and change around based upon age demographics, and what have you, but the kind of the product offerings that we have, that we provided to our customers and using the software and analytics seems to be really resonating.
Jason Liberty: Yes. I think in terms of what we see, because we've seen this return in demand from Europe for our different deployments, especially within Europe. It's definitely the Ukraine that I think it really kind of weighs especially within Central and Northern Europe. Sailings are inside the Baltic’s in the [indiscernible] is certainly I think of great interest. I mean, they are booking – they are now booking at levels that are above 2019 levels, but it is softer than what we had originally expected it would be. I think fortunately you see the North American consumer accelerating and very much focusing on North American products, but also very much willing to go to Europe. My comment was, I think on the psyche side, testing to get back into the U.S. which I know the cruise industry, the airline industries and other industries are trying to influence for that change is I think that that kind of last psychological point that weighs on the consumer to kind of travel freely globally.
Jason Liberty: Yes. I think the other thing just to add, what we do see over time, whether it's with inflation or other related activities in the macro environment is as the consumer recalibrates its willingness to pay more for things and they see comparables and they're paying more, but there' this gravitational pull to those locations. So we do, as Naftali said, we try to ma maximize revenue each and every day whether it’s ticket or onboard. At the same time, what we do see is as the consumer begins to gravitate towards higher pricing, as they get calibrated to what they're paying for a hotel room, or they are paying for other services and restaurants and so forth.
Jason Liberty: Yes, I think that's well – so guys, I mean that's exactly what we're seeing. I do think that in the backdrop of this the entire industry is coming back online at the same time. And so there's a lot of ships coming online, which I think, causes a little bit of noise in the system overall. But I think we look at two things. One, we're looking real time at what people are paying. And as you noted, we're seeing those similar trends. So still at a discount to what the hotels and other operators are getting. And by operators, I mean, non-crews. And then we also look at what's happening on board. And I think you have to look at those two things in combination, because that's how the consumer looks at their travel experience in combination, it's not just a hotel room, it's not just an airplane seat, this is a kind of total vacation package, that's kind their consideration. And what we've talked about as it relates to onboard spend combined with the ticket, certainly kind of all connects to that storyline.
Jason Liberty: Yes, my point was that directionally, it's exactly what we're seeing. My comment was in the short run you have a lot of ships coming online and there is different category mixes that are in play that can cause some noise, as you guys are doing price checks and so forth. But what we're seeing in recent bookings, what we're seeing, obviously what our guests spend directionally is very much in line with what we're hearing from other travel providers.
Jason Liberty: Yes, well, I think we had said earlier, like we're always trying to maximize our revenue. And price integrity is very much kind of important part of that. So, I don't think that we're doing anything to try to make – to kind of certainly maintain a gap. Pre-COVID the combination of things like Perfect Day, you could add things like the edge class ships and so forth, we saw a pretty significant reduction in that gap to land-based vacations, especially in key products, like in Orlando and other products that are out there. And I think that we very much are focused on that. We have really managed to enhance the experience both on the ship and on land, based off of really tuning into the customer for us to be able to go ahead and do that. So, I think that's why, we are seeing similar trends. But when you look at the overall fleet as a whole, and you compare those to a land-based vacation in Europe, where you look at that a land-based vacation in Alaska or Vegas, et cetera, there's still that gap and there's still that opportunity that we're very honed in on. I mean, that's really where if you saw us pre-COVID or during COVID where we have focused, our energy is less about our cruise peers, but more about how do we close those gaps to land-based vacations.
Jason Liberty: Well, on a shore side standpoint, I think, we're experiencing – I mean, most of our shore side employees are sales and marketing, your accounting and supply chain, et cetera. So, what we're experiencing there is similar to what, I think, most organizations are experiencing though. I think because we wake up every day delivering the best vacations in the world, we tend to be more attractive than others in terms of attracting talent. So we're very fortunate for that. I think what people are experiencing in hotels and others in terms of that labor force we're certainly getting 75,000 employees back up and running on our ships with a tremendous and Herculean effort by our teams. For the most part that's been able to be managed well and you can see that really through the NIM promoter scores that we're seeing on our ships.
Jason Liberty: And Ivan just diving to put this into context, as everyone here, who has heard us for years talk about project X caliber, which was our journey to take friction out of the guest experience. And that has come through engagement and providing tools, and technologies and app that allows you to whether it's booking your cruise, whether it is being able to just walk on and off of our ships in very short periods of time on-demand services. So it's really kind of just continuing to bake out this journey of taking friction out. And what we know is that we can take friction out of the experience and friction is also booking short excursions and spa appointments, et cetera, that, the guests is very much willing to spend when they're aware of what the offering is to them. The tools and technologies also allow us to be able to yield manage in real time as well, which allows us to take advantage when there are those opportunities.
Jason Liberty: Well, thank you for assisting Abby Gail with the call today. And we thank all of you for participation and interest in the company. Michael will be available for any follow-up you might have. I wish you all a great day.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. And maybe to add Steve, good morning. So yes, so we share here that that this is obviously a great inflection point. And as you – as we go forward obviously there are things every quarter interest expense timing – other timings of expenses, but this is the inflection point that we've reached here and we expect it to continue.
Naftali Holtz: And just to add quickly, we are in a very strong liquidity position. We're obviously in this inflection point of free cash flow – of the operating cash flow and our focus is, as I said in my remarks is to continue to refinance the balance sheet. And that means both refinancing our maturities, obviously that that creates the runway as well as reducing the interest costs and the, and the leverage overall. So we have plan here to, in the next – in the next future to manage the balance sheet.
Naftali Holtz: And when we make the comments around the load factor obviously that total low factors are with a whole fleet, right? So that reflects the combination of the transit that Jason and Michael just shared.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. And just to add to Michael's point, we also see the strength in on-board across all categories. So it's not just one category that you can draw the conclusion. It's everything like Jason said from spot to retail, shore excursions, casino, food and beverage. So it seems like the consumer is really willing to spend a great experiences and we've made all these investment that Michael mention to make sure that we capture that spend as much as we can as they're enjoying our cruises.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. And just to add a quick – we, as I think we mentioned we do see an improvement in the European bookings, but also both from volumes from the – from North American, but also from some of the closer within the European sourcing markets. So we're definitely seeing the improvement there.
Naftali Holtz: Sure. So, as you can imagine inflation or not, we're trying to maximize price every day. That's revenue management team's job, and that's what we do here. So we do it every day. And as you can see, the volumes are obviously picking up you see the pricing that we command for our product. So, we try to do that couple from the pressures maybe that we're seeing on the expenses side.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. And then as we mentioned, obviously, as we look ahead in our book position, both for the second half and 2023, we are higher without even the impact of the FCCs compared to 2019.
Naftali Holtz: Yes, so you noted well that we had great margins before the pandemic, we had these leading margins. And our goal is to get back and beyond of those margins as soon as possible. You mentioned some of the factors we've done a lot throughout the pandemic and this is what we're working towards as soon as possible. So yes, there are some kind of inflationary pressures, we call it around food and fuel that we pointed out. We're seeing some stabilization. But all the things that that we've done, this is definitely our goal.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. Thanks Steven. So we hope that that this will be the only time that we will see that we have shut down the fleet that's for sure. And what we've done throughout and I think we spoke about it in past quarters is even through the pandemic and even through the shutdown, the way we laid up the ships, the way we continue to maintain them was one of our key goals. So we still maintain them, the layup was such that it will help us to get the ships back quicker and without many issues. And I think we're very pleased as we bringing the full fleet. We're not seeing something that is out of the ordinary. And that's kind of how we think about it. And we do not expect it to weigh on maintenance costs in the next couple years.
Michael Bayley: But Robin its Michael. I just have to jump in and say that we have ships now sailing at 100% and we've had ship sail at 100% now for several weeks out of the Caribbean into the Caribbean market and [indiscernible] product. And as we head towards Memorial Day weekends, we are going to see significant percentage of our ship sailing at 100% and greater. So the Europe's one thing but what we've seen in terms of demand in the American market for the drive to products, which I think we have around 70% of our products drive to this year has been really strong. And certainly over the past several weeks we've been delighted with the volume of bookings that we've been seeing coming in for these products it's been really good.
Michael Bayley: Yes. Hi Ben, this is Michael. I think this is a – what looks like, it could be a structural change. I mean, we've now got as I said earlier and many ships sailing at 100% and our big Oasis class ships have been sailing in the 80s and our onboard spend continues to perform at the same levels, so it's been really – it's been wonderful. I think a couple of things; one is the [indiscernible] and the investment that we made in the software for pre-cruise revenue, which continued through the pandemic. And we've really leveraged that now and we've seen a significant increase in penetration and uptick with the pre-cruise sales. And of course we've always said that a one-pre-cruise dollar gives us another $0.50 on-board spend. So we really believe we're seeing that coming through now. So it continues and I think one of the things that we've been focused on in terms of the volume is that relationship between ticket and on-board spend. And if you even look at our first quarter net revenue APD, it was higher than back in 2019, and we see that continuing quarter-by-quarter through this year.
Michael Bayley: Yes. I mean, it follows ticket purchase. As soon as we have a commitment from a customer that they're going to sell with us, then we have a whole cadence of communication to the customer, and we use all of this software development and the improvement we've had over the years with our analytics to provide them with options and offers and promotions, et cetera for onboard products. And we literally have that communication cadence in place until they sail with us. And by the way when they're sailing with us, we continue that communication cadence as well, giving them offers and what have you. So it's really – it's kind of the evolution of the sophistication of our communications and in terms of the pre-cruise software.
Michael Bayley: And Dan, just to add to Jason's comment on the testing to return to United States, I mean, as we know many European countries now is stopping that requirement. So they kind of freeing up the ability for the Europeans to travel around and I think we're all hopeful that that's going to change very soon in returning to the United States.
Michael Bayley: Well Ryan its Michael. I think happy customers is a beautiful thing to have and I think that's – that formula's never changed when people really have an amazing time. They go back word-of-mouth, they tell their friends and families, they want to come back and repeat. And we know we've done obviously work on net promoter score and repeat cruises. And the correlation is relatively high. There is a relationship between net promoter score and loyalty guests. So it's a winning formula. And I think that's always been one of the great things about cruise is the value proposition connected to satisfaction has always been remarkably high. So we think it's a great thing and we're always striving to deliver the highest level vacation that we possibly can. I think it's fair to say that in the beginning, the euphoria of excitement from primarily our loyalty guests was so incredibly high and the crew were so incredibly happy to be back that that for many months there was just this euphoria on our ships. And I think that comes through on the net promoter score. Certainly we see those net promoter scores staying at a really high level. They've started to come down a little bit as we see the volume increasing if the load factors get to a 100% and beyond, then you start seeing a more normalization of those net promoter scores. But I think there's just a, I would say, there is a happiness, not only with our customers, but with our crew members. And that happiness, coming out of the pandemic, going on vacation, going on vacation with Royal Caribbean, reconnecting to all of those experiences that people have missed for two years, I think, that has somewhat translated into people just saying I'm having a fantastic time. So, I think I would be naive to believe that these extremely high MPS scores will stay with us in the long run. But I think there has been a fundamental transformation in terms of how guests and customers are interacting with the experience. And it's a very positive thing for our business. And just add to it when you look at it by segment, right. So you look at you even the ultra-luxury side with Silversea and you see the luxury side on the Celebrity side, it's really across all segments. You're seeing this euphoria that Michael referred to. So, it's as Michael said, I don't think we're naive to think it's going to stay at this levels, but I think we're also surprised as the mix has changed from the very loyal to now more first to cruise coming in, those levels have continued to be exceptionally high.
Michael Bayley: Hi Paul, this is Michael. I think we've stated previously our strategic intent is to return to the China market. We've been in the market for over a decade. We've had some phenomenal years in the China market, and we've had a very successful operation there. The volatilities existed in all markets for the past two years, including China. I think it's regretful that the China market is still not accessible to us. And I think our current thinking was that 2023, we would be back in the China market. I'm not sure whether that'll come true or not it could be 2024, but we're ready to go. And we're looking forward to returning to the market. I think when you look at the region of Asia-Pacific, it's always been a meaningful market for Royal Caribbean Group. And our intention is to return to that market and to leverage the opportunities that we have. We've spent time building our brand in China. In our space, we're a very well-known brand, we're very liked, and we have very good consumer following with the Royal Caribbean International brand. And we think that when the market opens back up, we'll be able to re access the market and get back to business. And that's exactly what we're thinking
Michael Bayley: Well, Ivan this is Michael. I mean the pre-cruise revenue is fundamentally about onboard spend. I mean, everything that we're marketing is about the products and services that customers, consumers are purchasing, historically when they boarded our ships, they would purchase different packages and products. Now we've over time developed the sophistication and the ability to not only use the analytics and the information that we know about the customer to offer them products, and experiences and services that we think they're going to like. And we've also been able to over time through testing, bundle these promotional products together to not only maximize revenue, but also ensure that we're delivering a great vacation experience to the guests. So, in some cases we've got customers who prefer gaming and dining, in other cases, we've got families who prefer shore excursions, and we now have the ability to tailor our communications and our promotions to those customers based upon what we think their key preferences are. And the fact that we can start that cadence of communication after the ticket purchase gives us the time to really engage with the customers. So we can start a dialogue about the kind of products and services that they want. And I think over time as we've built this knowledge and expertise we've become – and to Jason's point, it really is the beginning of this journey. But I think what we've learned in this journey is how we can offer products, bundle, manage the right pricing to different customer groups and segments and be successful with it. So we continue to see the penetration rate increasing, and obviously the purchase is quite significant. So, that's kind of the journey that we're on with this.
Michael Bayley: And just to add Ivan, I think, one of the other beautiful things of this is to Jason's point with the development of the app the integration between the pre crews and the app is very harmonious. So when we're communicating with you before you sell and you purchase various packages and products, then when you board the ship and you sign into the app, all of those products and services are made available to you on a calendar there's reminders, there's communication to you. So it's a very seamless process.
