Brian J. Rice: Steve, actually, October was fairly solid to date in terms of the close-in bookings. I think just as we get more into the winter months, we tend to take a little bit more conservative view. We have taken, as I'm sure you calculated by now, a little bit of a haircut into the fourth quarter. We saw a little bit more weakness in the Eastern Med. The Caribbean seems to be holding up fairly strong but what we wanted to caution against is kind of the surge. And the -- exceeding our yield performances we did in the third quarter, we kind of want to have governor on there in the fourth quarter just -- because it is traditionally softer.
Brian J. Rice: Greg, I think on our last call, we said that we we're slightly less in the quarter percent sold out and by year end, we generally are about half sold out. So I think, if you do the math, you can kind of figure out about where we are. I think we would say under normal circumstances, we'd probably have a pretty solid piece of business on the books that will give some indication as to what we thought were going to happen with yields and maybe a 2- or 3-point spread. I think we're reluctant to do that today just given the way the economic headlines are changing on a daily basis. When we left here last night, we had kind of locked down our forecast and we woke up this morning and all of a sudden, the headlines were very positive and I think next week we might see unemployment go up and everybody's going to change their mindsets. So I think we -- normally, we'd feel pretty good about being able to give a number but at this point in time, I think we just -- we need to wait another quarter before we come out with definitive guidance.
Brian J. Rice: Robin, I think -- just to add to Dan's comments about Alaska, I think it's fair to say Alaska did benefit this year from the dislocation from Europe. And I think before we start calling out specific itineraries for next summer, we'll want to wait and see a little bit of how Europe is unfolding and how Alaska will complement that. I will point out that while Alaska had record yields this year, our summer season, our third quarter is still about 4% below the yields that we achieved in '08 and I think with the better fleet that we have in place and the more diversified sourcing today, we wouldn't even be pleased with '08. So I think there's still a good upside as you referenced both our our APDs and our volume is up right now for 2012. So if things continue as they are today, I think, as we've said, we're feeling pretty good if we looked at real-time data. There's just so much uncertainty out there. I think we've been a little bit hesitant to try to make a call as to what might be happening as we go into wave season.
Brian J. Rice: We've actually -- yes, you're correct that our load factor differential from a year ago has actually improved over the last month and a half or so. I think that's partly due to some of the sales activities that have been in the marketplace. I think it was last week there was big clear [ph] sale. I know our Royal Caribbean brand had a WOW Sale, I believe it was 3 weeks ago, which contributed. So we are slightly better.
Brian J. Rice: In '10, they were higher than '09's third quarter. '08 was the peak right before the Lehman Brothers.
Brian J. Rice: I think it's just the general uncertainty as to what's happening in the market right now. If you take our number of shares outstanding,a $0.05 range really gives us only a $10 million or $11 million swing factor. And just given what we're seeing in the market right now, we didn't think that, that was adequate. So we went with the $0.10 range.
Brian J. Rice: Felicia, if I could just add, you may recall on the last call we spent some time and really tried to look at it at the itinerary level and the source market level. And the only commonality we saw in strength or weakness of yield was really at the itinerary level and when you factor that out of it, at a source market level, we didn't see a lot of differences.
Brian J. Rice: Felicia, I think we kind of go between putting it in the press release and our scripts but I think we've always put that qualifier out there that if market conditions were attractive, we would consider accessing the markets. As of right now, I think as what Richard alluded to, we're in a very strong liquidity position. We have slowing CapEx, our maturities are very manageable for the foreseeable future and right now, we're actually very pleased to be in a delevering mode. That was not to signal any imminent transaction.
Brian J. Rice: Sharon, I don't have exact numbers in front of me to answer your question. I can tell you that the Eastern Med, as we've talked ad nauseam is going to be down significantly this year. The Western Mediterranean is up slightly, I would say, which I think we feel pretty good about the fact that we were able to achieve some increases in yields in the Western Med, given the capacity increases that both our brands and the industry experienced. I think in terms of next year, it's way too early to say our volume of business is up year-over-year in the Mediterranean but the pricing is flat to slightly down on an aggregate basis. But you have to take into consideration that is comparing to a difficult comparable because the Europe spring has not happened at this point. Obviously, I would say our bookings -- our APDs are well ahead of where we ended up the year but there's still a lot to play out between now and the summer.
Brian J. Rice: Harry, I can tell you that for the Eastern Med in aggregate, I believe our number was something in the range of $90 million to $100 million hit and I believe we said that in the third quarter that Mediterranean deterioration had cost us about 150 basis points on yield, which would be around that same number. But that would be the Eastern Med in its totality. I don't have numbers for the individual itineraries when we changed. That includes the negativism that we felt in the Holy Lands and Turkey as well.
Brian J. Rice: Right. When -- I do want to say, as Dan and Adam both pointed out, we have less exposure to the Eastern Caribbean next year but we do have exposure. We do have about 9% -- Eastern Med, sorry, we are about 9% there.
Brian J. Rice: So you'd know from the $0.03 -- well, you have $0.08 from the option and then you have $0.05 coming back from better operating performance.
Brian J. Rice: There is a monetization but it's small. It's not material. Rebecca, I think we can squeeze in one more call.
Brian J. Rice: Assia, I got to give it to you, never quit trying. We're not going to give any specific guidance for Q1 at this time, but good try.
Brian J. Rice: I don't think we decided to change our guidance within the last hour on the fourth quarter. All the things you mentioned were baked in to our guidance for Q4. I can tell you that the FX hurt is quite a bit in the fourth quarter. Hopefully, with some of the actions we've seen today, maybe some of that can reverse itself. But I will point out one currency that we don't normally talk about that we're more sensitive to this time of year is the Brazilian real. But we did see a little bit of a haircut in fourth quarter on a constant-currency basis, mainly due to the Eastern Caribbean. There were some other small adjustments outside the Caribbean but in totality, it was less than a full percentage point.
Brian J. Rice: Well, we'd like to thank everybody for joining us this morning. And as usual, Ian will be available throughout the day for any follow-up you may have and we wish everybody a great day. Thanks.
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Hey, Steve, it's Dan. At this point, we saw the -- I know you saw the slides that Brian put up, our load factors are higher and our prices are higher. So the approach that we've taken, we're comfortable with at the point in time that we're in right now.
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Janet, it's Dan. I can't give you the exact percentage on all that right now. What I can tell you in general is that we have reduced our capacity in the Eastern Med by 17%. So the way we look at the Eastern Med is that, that's something that makes it way over to Greece or down into the Holy Land. And so for next year, we've taken that down by 17%. And those were decisions that we made within the last few weeks and have been announced, I think, right up until today. Those final announcements will be made. So we've already taken some pretty strong action, reducing our capacity in the Eastern Med. And at this point, I think that those decisions that we've made are good ones. We looked at not only what's happening over there, but we looked at the pace of bookings and so they were well-informed decisions. And on top of that, we used the research that I mentioned earlier. In terms of how many missed calls we've had in Athens, I can't give you that number right off the top of my head but if you want, then I can give it to you later this morning.
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Sure, Janet, what I was referring to there was the fall and winter of this year and into the beginning of 2012. So 60% of Celebrity's capacity will be in the Caribbean on that time period. And then outside of the Caribbean, it will be predominantly South America and Australia and New Zealand during that time. So their the 2 biggest markets outside. Around the rest of the year, it's Europe in the summertime. And outside of the United States, Europe and Bermuda.
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Robin, I'll take the second one on Alaska. Obviously, it's really early for Alaska right now. But my sense is that we'll have another good year in Alaska. It's way too early to say just because the Alaska bookings -- given that way the Alaska market books, we just don't have that much on for Alaska right now but we are still feeling good about what's going to happen there next year and I...
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Steve, I can certainly see how you'd interpret that from our commentary. I think a little bit of this is relative to prior expectations. Our fourth quarter on an absolute basis, we're talking about our yields going up, it was approximately 4%. And on a constant-currency basis, we're talking -- I'm sorry, I'm looking at the wrong number, we're seeing approximately 3% to 4% in Q4, and we're seeing 3% to 4% on a constant-currency basis. For the fourth quarter, frankly, that's not real bad. I think it's just that we, 3 months ago thought it might be an eyelash better than that. The currencies had been a drag on the fourth quarter. So I don't think we're necessarily trying to say we're real pessimistic about the fourth quarter. We're just not looking for a surge in close-in activity that we saw in the third quarter. I would say that the overall mood in terms of what we're seeing with the consumer, there's no difference between Q4 and 2012.
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Harry, it's Dan. We're making the changes in itineraries for next year. The only changes that we made in 2011, and I'm may be misunderstanding your question, the only changes that we made in 2011 were we pulled Egypt -- stops in Egypt off the Holy Land cruises. So the numbers that Brian gave you are an accurate depiction of what's happened for the entire company in the Eastern Med and Holy Land this past year. For next year, the changes that we -- that Adam mentioned where we're reducing our capacity by 17% in the Holy Land -- in the Eastern Med and Holy Land, it's way too early to say what kind of impact that will have.
Adam M. Goldstein: It's a function of assessing where are the 22 best places for Royal Caribbean ships to be either on the winter or summer seasons. I will say that if you look over time, we probably would be inclined strategically to continue to develop the Independence with our itinerary out of Southampton. I would say, these days when there's more uncertainty in the marketplace, particularly around European cruising, we felt that we should make a change where we're likely to generate more revenue in the Caribbean for that shift than we would if we stayed in Southampton in the winter of 2012, '13.
Adam M. Goldstein: Greg, it's Adam. While it stands to reason that if there are not the kind of disruptions ahead of us that we have experienced within the last 12-month period, that, that will factor into the comparables, obviously. The fact that there's still a lot of uncertainty, though, about the economic situation in Europe, as well as in the United States, suggests that we take a conservative view of what we're doing and try to market as effectively as we can into the situation that we have. And actually to some degree to Janet's earlier question, clearly, we are marketing in all of the principal European source markets and that is necessary because of the fact that 2/3 of the guests on our European cruise programs come from Europe. So this is where our focus will be and this is where the guests are coming from and this was the -- obviously, we are communicating about the value of cruising relentlessly into these markets in accordance with what Dan mentioned about what consumer sentiment is today.
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, Felicia, one of the elements is gaming and another element would short excursions. When you're comparing Europeans to Americans for European products, Americans going a long way to see Europe are a little bit more aggressive in buying the short excursion experiences that are available to them. And I did mention in my script that all of our brands are engaged in a whole variety of initiatives to increase onboard spending and some of it is related to, I think, the directionality of your question, which is as we have more people onboard from other nationalities besides the U.S. It's incumbent upon us to become more knowledgeable and more sensitive to their needs and where they see value on onboard spend and I suspect we will continue to get better about that over time.
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, we're clearly doing revenue management in all the different countries on all the sailing all the time. So there's a lot of different initiatives and efforts as it relates to where our sourcing commitments have been made by the different offices so it's hard to make an overall general comparison like that. We're trying to maximize revenue in each market according with its preferences.
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, I think we basically in the color commentary that we've given so far and then the summary of it all, you can see that our major sources of guests are hanging in there with us as it relates to load factor and price.
Adam M. Goldstein: This is Adam. I just want to comment briefly on Asia since Royal Caribbean is the brand that has the ship in Asia within our company. I think as you know from previous calls, we were full of enthusiasm in early March for Legend of the Seas having quite substantial year-over-year yield increases in 2011. Then, her deployment was radically changed because she couldn't do her China program anymore and she needed to go to Singapore on essentially no notice. So in the end, she had double-digit yield decline rather than the double-digit yield increases that we had been anticipating prior.
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, we continue, as I mentioned in my script, this is Adam speaking, to put a tremendous amount on focus and this is across all the brands on cost control. So there's a lot time ahead of us to work on minimizing 2012 costs and yet, realizing our ongoing strategic aspirations. I'll say in the case of our brand, that some of the shifting was marketing expense from third quarter to fourth quarter as we intend to have a fairly intense trade of marketing coming up soon for our brand and a variety of other general and administrative costs where we were either -- it turned out that programs and initiatives that we had planned to achieve late in the third quarter have ended up moving over into the fourth quarter by brand.
Adam M. Goldstein: I don't think that we can probably reclaim what we have suffered in the Eastern Mediterranean within one selling season. If there are no further disruptions, the attractiveness of that area to cruise in is significant as you know and we certainly would be hopeful to make progress against the comparable of 2011. But rather we could get all the way back to where we were in the past or where we would have been this year, I would say that will take more than one year.
Adam M. Goldstein: I think Brian mentioned a couple of questions ago that we are looking at somewhat better load factors and somewhat less pricing at the moment, but that's because we're comparing same time last year when none of this had happened yet.
Adam M. Goldstein: I don't think you're missing something there, Tim. The question is what will happen in reality. Where -- what we're facing this is a very different situation. Last year, we were optimistic and then geopolitical events came out of nowhere to disrupt the season. This year, one can, I think, reasonably assume that there won't be more geopolitical disruptions of that magnitude although one can never know, but it's the economic, let's say, geo-economic uncertainty that is hovering over us. And it's too early to say what the implications of that will be. We're pleased that we are able to have favorable load factor comparisons on a year-over-year basis at this point and we hope that, that will eventually pay off for us in terms of where we can go with price, but it's just too early to tell.
