Jason Liberty: Steve, thanks for the question. So one, I mean, all of our commentary around our bookings, the strength that we're seeing that not only relates to 2024, but also to 2025. And we're getting close to the point where we'll soon be taking more bookings for '25 than we are for 2024. And so when we look into the booking behavior, one, the booking window continues to extend. So guests are making their decisions much further out.  When we look at the repeat rates that are going on and the dreaming that our guests are doing to make sure that they're getting the vacation experience that they want, is really all leading to very, very strong demand trends for 2024 as well as 2025. And by the way, we're also taking bookings into 2026. And we're also seeing very strong booking behavior pre-cruise, and again, making sure that our guests are -- have the ability to get their first day of their vacation back by planning their onboard activities or shore excursion activities well in advance. And that's also not only helping our ability to yield manage on the onboard experience, but it's also improving the -- our customer deposits, which is also rising due to that. So all in all, things just continue to accelerate and the thirst or hunger for our brands and their experiences just continues to grow. And you see that not in just the booking behavior, but also all of our survey data around, what propensity to cruise, but also propensity to cruise with us. 
Jason Liberty: Well, I won't get into how crazy you are, Steve, because that could take the balance of the call. But I think as you pointed out, which I think is an important component is we have a business that has really strong operating leverage. And what we have talked about is our formula for success, which is moderate yield growth, which clearly we haven't seen this year. We don't see that last year. We've seen elevated yield growth. Moderate yield growth good cost control, moderately grow your business, bring on new destinations, drive -- really very -- I mean, tremendous earnings power. You think about a 1% change in our yields is $120 million this year. A 1% change in our cost is about half of that. So grow your yields faster than your costs, bring in really strong, high-yielding capacity that has great inventory mix. You bring in new destinations like we did this year with Hideaway, bringing it into the Beach Club in Nassau, bringing in the Beach Club in Mexico, et cetera. These are all things that are driving very high margins for us and is improving our return profile as well as our earning profile. And of course, none of that takes into account, I mean, Naf and team have done an exceptional job already on the balance sheet. There will be more opportunity to continue to lower the negative carry, and of course, we haven't -- none of this contemplates capital returns, which is one thing that we were doing pre-COVID. So it's something that we think as we look at, how do we continue to improve shareholder return, those are things that could also improve our earnings outlook is by considering the dilution that occurred and returning capital to shareholders. All of this are things in which we will begin to address once we get to our Trifecta goals, which, as you know, we describe as base camp. 
Jason Liberty: Yes. And Ben, I just want to add -- I had it in my remarks. I think one of the incredible things that we're seeing out of destinations like Perfect Day, and we'll see this in the world of Beach Club in Nassau, is how it's drawing in new-to-cruise and millennials. So my comment that 1 and 2 of our guests -- 1 out of 2 of our guests are millennial or younger. To me, it's a very powerful statement. The increase, we have an 11-point increase in new-to-cruise. And so -- and what we know is when they sail with us, they're 5x more likely to sail with us again. And the repeat rates that we're seeing are exceptional. And it's a lot because not only we are bringing that full incredible experience that our crew delivers on our ships, but we're enhancing the experience in the destinations. And I think that combination where Michael and his team have really been dreaming and innovating and delivery on Perfect Day and how -- there's 25,000 guests a day that come into Nassau. And we're going to take some of those guests, and we're going to bring them over to the Beach Club, which is great economically for us as well as it is for the Bahamas and deliver an incredible experience that's going to drive probably 90-plus NPS scores. And that's what people are seeking. They want those experiences that they can walk away from. And it's attracting a high level of demand. 
Jason Liberty: No. No, it's primarily for the Royal Caribbean brand. Our other brands will be have access to it, but the broader cruise market would not have access to the Beach Club. 
Jason Liberty: Sure. Well, thanks for the question, Matt. First off, I think just -- I mean, WAVE was absolutely exceptional. It was -- it's kind of mid-teens better than what we saw in the previous year. Interesting enough, though, April was almost double that in terms of the level of demand that we were seeing. So that's why when I talk about demand is accelerating, it's not just what we saw when we last spoke to everybody in early February. It's not just when we updated at the end of February. But that acceleration has picked up the speed. And of course, at this point, we only have about 12% load factors left to build for the year. And so that will provide opportunity for us to a degree this year. But what that, I think, means in terms of the opportunity into 2025 and beyond is very appealing. I think when you frame that -- the $1.9 trillion travel space. And of course, that's a growing number. Cruise is $65 billion of that $1.9 trillion. So we're a very, very small fraction. And I think something we've talked about before, is a 1% shift is worth 11 Oasis-class ships to us. And so for us, when you look at things like Perfect Day, when you look at things like the Royal Beach Club, when you look at things like Utopia, when you look at things like what we're doing on Edge and Nova, it's very purposeful, less about what's happening with other cruise operators. It's more how do we take further share? How do we compete with Orlando? How do we compete with Las Vegas, how do we compete with other land-based alternatives to grab that share where as we know today, currently trades at least at a 25% or 30% premium to what we're getting. So that value -- we want to close that gap to land-based vacation, and we want to take share. And we believe by waking up and being just obsessed at delivering the best vacation experiences in the world puts us in a position to win. 
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, thanks for the question, Sharon. I hope you're doing well. So I think just starting off, we need to just to frame that we have global brands, not nationalistic brands, and these global brands are supported by a very significant commercial apparatus with leading yield management tools and teams around the world. And so the sourcing is really a reflection of the demand patterns that we see to optimize our ultimate revenue.  More China next year as we add that second ship into China, we'll -- can move this number a little bit to be less North American-centric. But we're going to follow the demand patterns. And that is how we've done it for a very, very long period of time. And of course, that could potentially shift the mix of onboard in ticket. I don't think it's going to materially shift it because I do think that we'll probably be relatively close to the sourcing that we saw this year. Maybe it moves a little bit, but it's not going to move a lot. But we're focused on optimizing our revenue. And so if we're getting more in ticket from a customer than a little bit less on onboard, we're perfectly okay with that as long as the answer is higher yield profile and higher margin profile for us. And that's how we've run the business for a very long time. And I think we're very fortunate to have thought long time ago to make sure that our brands are positioned to be globally desirable and sourcing from many different markets. 
Jason Liberty: I mean, it skews a little bit younger, but I think Sharon, one, if we can pick any positiveness out of COVID, was that the consumer, a young or middle aged, et cetera, got very used to booking and buying things online. We also really improved our ability to take friction out of the booking experience for ticket price as well as the booking experience for onboard by curating, taking a lot of steps out of the process, et cetera. And that's really what is driving that better behavior. The installation of a proper commerce system that we can yield manage, that we can curate. We're still very in the early innings on is really what's benefiting that. And you just think about just shopping behavior. In the first quarter, we had 100 million visits to our websites, 100 million. That's twice what we had pre-COVID. And so we have really upped our game, not just on a marketing basis but also to make that -- our websites helped our customers dream about what they want to do and help them get to the experience that they're looking for and then making sure that they have all the onboard experiences that they want to have and being able to resolve all that well in advance of them getting on the ship. 
Jason Liberty: No, I was just going to say, obviously, you're getting to base camp and getting to those metrics as an important line for us and as well as for our Board in terms of consideration of capital returns. But I would just point to that pre-COVID, we certainly -- that was very much part of our formula was having a competitive dividend and also buying back shares opportunistically. 
Jason Liberty: Sure. Robin, so first, I think it's important that when we talk about our order book, these are ships that are actually on order. We're not talking about options. We're not talking about slot reservations. We're talking about things on order. And of course, we don't have any orders going out to, I think, 2035 or 2036 at this point in time. What we do subscribe to is that we are -- we believe that we are in the right -- that we are in segments that have a lot of growth potential to them. We believe we have the right brands in those segments. And we believe that we should be moderately growing our brands over time. And so that's kind of what we're committed to. And I think we feel very good not only about our current order book and about the potential of that order book to grow moderately, but also our access to build those ships over an extended period of time. So it's -- I think we feel very good about it all around. And I think we're showing that the investments we're making in our brands or at the investments we're making in the destinations are yielding very high returns for our shareholders and continuing to expand our margins. 
Jason Liberty: Yes. I think it depends on the circumstances. We've ordered -- I mean, Icon was being designed and in terms of obviously, COVID delayed some of those orders. But somewhere typically in that kind of 5- to 6-year range is where you make those orders. But keep in mind, and that's what I think my comment is, is that doesn't mean you don't have options and you don't have slot reservations and so forth that you could also -- which is why we typically order in that kind of 5- to 6-year type of range. We don't announce things unless they are fully contracted, and we know the price and we have the financing in place. 
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, first, just to kind of build off of what I had said earlier is we have been very thoughtful about having the right brands in the right segments. And we have done such an incredible job at delivering a vacation of a lifetime. And we're focused on making sure we're set up to deliver a lifetime of vacations. And our guests, there is overlap between Royal and Celebrity and Royal and Silversea and vice versa, because you could have a set of grandparents on Silversea that next month are going on a cruise with their kids and grandkids on the Royal Caribbean brand. That happens all the time. And our ultimate -- one of our ultimate goals here is to make sure that we keep our customer in our ecosystem. And so we do that whether that's through awareness of our brands, whether that's through loyalty programs, whether that's through cross-selling, et cetera. And those are things that we have an opportunity to get better and better at, especially as our travel platform technology-wise is more flexible. The comment on river or other experiences, we're always evaluating opportunities. River is an area where we do see some overlap, not a lot of overlap, but we do see some overlap occurring. And that could be something that we would consider at some point in the future. But at this point in time, we're very focused on excelling in our core, growing our core and also further building out our destination platform. All of that, as we're clearly seeing is working to deliver a very high ROIC profile and producing strong shareholder returns. 
Michael Bayley: Ben, it's Michael. I mean, when we think of the Beach Club portfolio that we're planning on developing along with Perfect Day, they're incredibly complementary destination experiences, and they fit really in the sweet spot of the -- of our demographics and really in terms of what our guests are seeking looking for when they go on a Caribbean cruise, they really knock it out of the park in terms of satisfying that demand, that need. So a very similar type of product, different vibe, Perfect Day is a full day for thrill and chill, and the Beach Club is, as you imagine, it's just an incredible day at the beach, which is what most gas is seeking in the Caribbean, and it's curated by Royal Caribbean. It's a stunning experience. And of course, it's very authentically connected to the culture. For example, in the Bahamas or Mexico, and it really is a huge demand driver. When we look at the demand that we've seen for Perfect Day, this year, we'll take 3.2 million guests to Perfect Day. Last year, it was 2.6 million. And it really is a demand driver. People want to sail on the ships, they go to Perfect Day and they want to sail on the ships, they go to the Beach Club. And I think it's proven to be incredibly successful. When you wrap that up with the kind of hardware we've introduced, for example, Icon, which has been an unbelievable success, I mean, beyond our wildest dreams success, and you add on Utopia, which is a brand-new Oasis-class ship, which was going straight into the short product market out of Port Canaveral, the demand we've seen for, for example, Utopia sailing to Perfect Day has been extraordinary. So we think we've got the formula figured out, and our plan is to continue to evolve and develop that formula over the coming years. 
Michael Bayley: Ben, not to continue on this, but to add to Jason's comments, Utopia is not by accident, Utopia is sailing out of Port Canaveral. It will be going to Perfect Day, it really is another product that's squarely in this competitive space of land-based vacations, and we're seeing huge demand coming for this product. And you think about the combination of a 3-, 4-day product like Utopia going to Perfect Day, and then in '25, it will go to Perfect Day and the Beach Club that's really a phenomenal game changer, and it really is drawing in a huge amount of new-to-cruise and it's beautifully positioned in Canaveral right -- fundamentally in Orlando. 
Michael Bayley: But the beautiful thing is that the Royal Beach Club in Paradise Island is positioned pretty much at the entrance to Nassau. I think the point is, is that on a given day, there's 25,000 to 30,000 cruise guests coming in on multiple different cruise brands. And of course, when they sail into Nassau, the only thing they're going to see is the Royal Caribbean Royal Beach Club, which is going to be absolutely stunning. And they will be unbelievably jealous knowing that they can't go there. 
Michael Bayley: Brandt, yes, good question. I think the fact that we've already deployed a second ship into the China market gives you an indication of how well the first ship is doing in the China market. So we're pleased with Spectrum bookings. Our comparison, of course, is back in 2019, which we've used a lot over the last couple of years.  Overall, volume and rate for the China product in '24 is significantly higher in both volume and rate from '19, which is a great indicator of the kind of demand that we're seeing for the product. And we feel good about '24, going into '25. That's why we've got the second ship, both Quantum class. Both have done very well in the China market. They seem to be really well suited for that market. And of course, Ovation both in Alaska and Australia is perfectly suited for the China market in terms of its geographical positioning. One will be in Tianjin, which we've operated out of many years before the pandemic and of course, Shanghai, both great markets for us. The onboard spend, obviously, it's only the couple of days into the season. But it's looking really positive. We have high expectations, and I think they're going to be realized. The other thing that's changed quite a lot in terms of the market dynamics in China is the change in our direct business versus the traditional trade business. There was quite a transformation during the pandemic in terms of a lot of the retailers that dropped out of the business. Fortunately, pre-pandemic, we started to invest significantly in resources, technology, people to develop that direct business, and we continue through the pandemic, and we've accelerated when we came out of the pandemic, and it's proving to be very productive for us. So overall, our distribution strategy is proving to be successful. Demand seems very, very strong. Of course, Korea opened up, which is great. So that gives us a better itinerary product to offer to our guests. And we're feeling good about how this will play out. Of course, we've been in China for a decade before. So we've all been through the ups and downs, but currently, it's looking pretty positive. 
Naftali Holtz: Matt, it's Naf. Just to add one other thing to Jason, also if you kind of look at '19 versus we are today, we have been taking share again. You don't have to believe much. And as Jason said, 1% is 11 Oasis-class ships, that's it's a pretty significant rise. But we've continued to focus on it and make progress there. I think just in terms of the strength that you kind of heard in our prepared remarks, the strength is across all our key itineraries. And of course, the Caribbean continues to be performing very well, but as much as others, Alaska, Europe and obviously we're coming back to China. So we feel pretty good of where we are standing today with our book position, where the pricing is for the rest of the year. 
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So just on the balance sheet. So you're right. Obviously, with the acceleration of performance, we're focused on basically 3 things, right? We're focused on reducing leverage. And I said in my prepared remarks, we will -- we expect to get to below the 3.5x leverage by the end of the year. So that's very positive. Obviously, we continue to pay down debt. EBITDA increases are helping with that leverage. So we're feeling pretty good about that.  And then reducing cost of capital, you saw us take an action this quarter, reducing on one bond more than 500 basis points or almost $60 million of annual interest expense. And we'll continue to find those opportunities to lower the cost of capital and use both cash and opportunistic refinancings. I think there's much more to do there. And lastly, it's just an unsecured balance sheet. We want to get back that capacity on the balance sheet like we had pre-COVID, and we basically have 3 bonds left that if we pay them back or we refinance them, the whole structure collapses, and we're back to unsecured balance sheet. So that's our focus. We'll continue to execute on that. Our focus is on metrics, not ratings. We were very pleased with the upgrades that we got from the rating agencies, but our focus is getting to the balance sheet. 
Naftali Holtz: Well, thank you all for your participation and interest. Michael will be available for any follow-up. We wish you all a great day. 
