Adam Goldstein: Well, I don't know how many questions that actually aggregated to, Tim. It was probably more than two. Well, the U.K. market, as you know, is a very strategic market for us, and it is a market that is actually the primary source market for our European cruise program. And we expect to have a solid successful season from the U.K. market. We had gotten off to a good start for the market, and we believe that the customers there will continue to see the value of our cruises throughout the Mediterranean Baltic region as the season goes on. So it's one of the markets that we're counting on for our sourcing of the program this summer, and we expect the market to come through for us. We do see somewhat differential performance from one market to another depending on their geography and their relationship with some of the different events that have taken place. So in the last month or so, we have seen pretty solid demand, some of it at lower prices than we would have received if we had been in the absence of these events. But nevertheless, we expect to fill our ships and we expect to do it at reasonable pricing as the season wears on. It's very hard to divorce what's happening in the U.K. and the EMEA markets from the rest of what we're doing because they've just become so strategic and such a primary source market for us that we take them sort of integrally into the mix as we do our business.
Adam Goldstein: Okay. Well, in general, we, and to some extent the whole industry, over time have developed lots and lots of new home ports, making it a lot easier for people to get to the cruises. And that doesn't really matter at this point whether you're in Asia, Europe or in the Americas. There are major cruises departing from somewhere near you. So if you'd come back to Europe that you asked about originally, more than 3/4 of our customers on our 11-ship program in Europe this season are not from the U.S. So while U.S. people, who are trying to cruise with us in Europe, have to figure out the air situation obviously in order to get over for the cruise, that's less than 1/4 of our sourcing mix. And in the U.S., obviously, if you live in Chicago, you're probably looking at air transportation to get to the cruise. But with the range of cruises that we offer around the seaboard, there's a lower percentage of people that have to do that than ever before.
Adam Goldstein: I don't think we have that number. I mean, we really look at it on a deployment-by-deployment basis and making sure the ships are in the right places for the market. But it's certainly a lot -- there a lot fewer people flying to cruises than they used to be. I just don't have the exact percentage.
Adam Goldstein: Thank you, Kevin, this is Adam. On the cost initiatives, which go across all of our brands, and clearly when we're under pressure for things like food costs and transportation costs, we're going to be looking at our general and administrative cost environment, looking at the ways that we move our crew around the world to and from the ships in their home. And in general, looking for every opportunity that we possibly have that doesn't have any impact on guest satisfaction, which both Dan and I have noted, remains at very, very high levels, which is forward to our strategy. So while we are always attentive to costs, under these circumstances, we look even harder than ever and we find offsetting opportunities.
Adam Goldstein: Yes. I think it's actually good that you referred to some of the promotional activity of it possibly being normal because one of the yield maximization techniques that is completely normal is promotional activity to help us achieve the highest prices possible on a variety of ship, forcing customers from a variety of markets. And I would characterize what's happening in the Caribbean as completely normal at this point. The overall situation is positive. The outlook is positive. The experience that we just had in the last quarter was positive. So the Caribbean environment is in pretty good shape for our brands.
Adam Goldstein: Steve, I would say that the booking window reflects the transition that has occurred in the business, which is that you have people closer to home generally cruising on the ships. So as that mix has changed from people coming from far away to cruise towards people coming from close away to cruise. The booking window reflects that accordingly. People don't have to do long-term planning for their air arrangements of the same rate that they would have previously done. People who can drive the market, drive to the ship, take a bus to the ship, take a train to the ship are able to make decisions later in time. So the evolution of the booking window with respect to the European programs reflects the fact that the programs of 10, 15 years ago, which were almost entirely in our case in to getting in North America is to take a long-haul trip over to Europe to experience the European cruise vacation have now shifted to where it's primarily for local markets to take cruise vacations.
Adam Goldstein: Jonathan, this is Adam, hi. from an overall perspective, the look of the International fleet is now in the stable posture. We have received our new ships. We don't have a new ship coming for some years. So we will be roughly where you see as at. We've made very strong commitments to Europe. We have important involvements in Brazil, in Australia and China. And of course, we maintain a strong competitive position in and around North America and the Caribbean. So we are probably not going to change other than at the margin. Because at this point, with a stable fleet, if we take something towards one area, that means we have to reduce in another, and we're pretty optimistic about all the regions in which we are competing.
Adam Goldstein: Greg, it's Adam. As we've kind of alluded to earlier on the conversation, the discounting, in general, is part of revenue maximization. And we're currently not seeing anything unusual in respect to that far forward. So it's very early days. There's limited visibility. But at this point, we're optimistic about that time frame, and the technical activities are what you would probably expect thus far in advance.
Daniel Hanrahan: Tim, it's Dan. I can add a little bit. I could tell you that with Eclipse, which is an ex-U.K. product and substantially sourced out of the U.K. that the demand has been very strong, and we're experiencing a very, very good year out of the U.K. Prices are appraised substantially over a year ago. So we're quite pleased with the U.K. performance. I can't really comment relative to the tour operators, but I can tell you anecdotally that our team is proud of what they've been able to accomplish this year.
Daniel Hanrahan: Hi Felicia, it's Dan. The first part of your question is we have been able to raise prices I think Brian mentioned in his comments about Alaska and the Caribbean. But in other areas, we've been able to get some traction on prices in Bermuda this year. So we are seeing outside of the Med [Mediterranean] the ability to raise prices. We've also been able to raise some prices in Northern Europe. So we are able to largely offset the shortfall in the Med. And then in Med promotions are typical promotions that we do anywhere when we run into a situation where we aren't getting the demand that we'd like. So we've seen prices level off, but there are specific sailings where we've had to do tactical things that will help for demand - onboard credits, travel agent incentives, et cetera.
Daniel Hanrahan: We're -- I might turn that over to Adam because Celebrity is leaving the Caribbean right now, so we're out, probably out on the meaning of that one.
Daniel Hanrahan: Well, I guess it's probably a combination of all those, but I think really it's given -- it's what's going on in Northern African and people taking away to see approach to that. And what we've done is we've stimulated the market with price and we've been able to get the demand to come back as a result of that.
Daniel Hanrahan: I think it's uncertainty is what's driving this. And I don't think that's -- the consumers are definitely concerned about their safety being in part of Southern Europe, but I just think it's the uncertainty that these kind of events bring that make people feel maybe a little slower to pull the trigger on booking their vacations.
Brian Rice: Okay. And I can tell you that the number of people that purchase their air through us is only about 10%.
Brian Rice: Sharon, the Mediterranean, we're still discounting. We had got the volume back where it needs to be, but it is discounted from before the Libyan situation. But the volume's back, and our yields in aggregate from the other products are substantially offsetting at discounting. We are looking at peak yields in the third quarter in part because of the impact of the items that we talked about but also, as we alluded to on our last call, the third quarter is probably where we have the most ground to make up to pre-recession levels.
Brian Rice: Okay. I'm sorry. At this point, we're not adding discounts other than the normal tactical things that go on in the marketplace. But I think our pricing is more back in equilibrium with the demand environment and relatively stable at this point.
Brian Rice: Kevin, in terms of the booked load factors and APD's, the only level of detail we're going to provide is the fact that both are up in aggregate, and I think I mentioned in my script that we are looking for all of our product groups to be -- to have year-over-year yield improvement based on the order book we have today with the one exception of Asia as a result of the events in Japan.
Brian Rice: Sharon, we're -- I'm sorry, Felicia, we're not going to -- we don't have the specific numbers that we're prepared to provide today. I can tell you that we -- as normal as after the post WAVE season we're obviously feeling better and better about our order book and where it is and our ability to meet the projections that we've provided. Generally speaking, we've talked about being 50% booked in the rolling 12-month period, and that if you look at it quarterly, it's rather linear. And I think from there, you should be able to kind of triangulate where we are.
Brian Rice: Well, I think Richard and Adam and Dan all referenced a lot of our customer engagement initiatives. We do have investments that we're making in the new markets. We're also investing -- I think Richard alluded to websites and some of the other initiatives that we have. I think the G&A line is very well controlled right now. But we are investing in the marketing side. We think strategically that's in our best interest, and we'll help drive the revenues where we'd like to get them.
Brian Rice: Robin, I think if you go back on the website and look at Slide 5, we've done our best to really reconcile this. I think the bottom line here is if you take currency out and you take Pullmantur for expansion out and you take the events, specifically the very direct impact of Japan and Northern Africa, just the direct part, everything else is about the same in aggregate as it was in January, that the Mediterranean discounting has put a drag on yields, but we have been able to offset that with Alaska, Caribbean, Bermuda and the other products that Adam and Dan talked about. In terms of the mechanics of the number, I think we tried to lay that out as best we could on the slide.
Brian Rice: Our constant currency with those -- taking currency and tour out of it would be down about 1% as a result of the events in Japan and Northern Africa. All other products net out with the Mediterranean being a drag and everything else being positive in offsetting that.
Brian Rice: I don't have the mechanics of the numbers you're describing. And I think, Ian could more than work through this.
Brian Rice: Jonathan, I'll mention that I think the best way to do this is if you could give Ian a call after, he can give you the specific breakdown that can correlate this. Maybe Adam and Dan want to comment in terms of where the trend is going forward.
Brian Rice: Assia, the $0.11 is in there, but because we won't mark-to-market those until the end of the quarter, there would be no additional in there.
Brian Rice: That's done at the end of each quarter, and it's based on the market value of the options at that part of day.
Brian Rice: Oh, again, I think the best way to say it is that the Mediterranean became softer as a result of Libya. Obviously, the events in Asia, and Egypt and Tunisia had an impact. I would say all those product lines are down from our expectations when we had our last call. But our expectations related to the Caribbean, Alaska and the other product lines are the same to slightly better. And the net effect of it is excluding the direct impact of Egypt, Tunisia and Japan, net-net, it's all about the same as it was 3 months ago.
Brian Rice: Yes. I would say the expectations are probably down in a range between 2% to 3% mainly because of the events that we've talked so much about today.
Brian Rice: What we've said is that Q3 will be the peak. And I think given the guidance that we have, you should be able to back into that number.
Brian Rice: Steve, the primary reason the last 9 months of the year would be down is $0.30 is related to fuel prices, all of which is hitting in Q2, Q3 and Q4. If you'd remember, we actually beat Q1 on fuel by about $2 million. So there's $0.30 there. There's $0.20 related to the events in Northern Africa and Japan. And then a distant third place would be some cost timing shifts. They're not substantial shifts. We're probably talking in the high single millions of dollars, and it's more the timing of things like maintenance on our vessels and some of the marketing investments that can shift easily between quarters. There's no structural shift in cost. But the events and the fuel prices are all concentrated in Q2, Q3 and, to a lesser extent, Q4.
Brian Rice: Okay. Well, we thank everybody for joining us today. And Ian will be available throughout the day for any follow-ups you may have, and we wish everyone a great day. Thank you.
Richard Fain: Yes. And, Steven, I'll just add. I think we do see that the investments that we're making, most of this relates either to sales and marketing efforts in the U.S. or to our growth internationally. So we have significantly expanded our focus and our others in places like China, Brazil, et cetera. We're also investing in things that will hopefully make us even more attractive to the travel agent community in terms of systems, programs. So all of those are expensive. They've been included in our forecast and our expectations. And while we -- coming back to a question that was asked earlier, while we are trying to control costs and seem to have done so, we're not doing it at the sacrifice of those things, which we think pay off.
Richard Fain: Yes. Robin, we tend to keep looking at these things on an ongoing basis. We don't have -- and so we're not going to specify a specific at any one point in time. We do tend to be a little bit opportunistic. We've already entered into some hedges for 2014, which we've talked about and disclosed in the release and in our filings. So I think you can assume that we will continue the kind of pattern that we have in the past whereas we consume, we continue to look forward. I think you can also assume that we will continue to have a strong focus on things that we can do to reduce the total amount of fuel we consume. So we will, yes, continue the hedging out and hopefully we'll have less to hedge as we continue to conserve.
Richard Fain: I think it's also -- I would just make, Jonathan, one additional comment, and Adam mentioned in his script, some of the things that we used to call developmental are now core to us, and that's a progress that we've gone through, although as Adam says, we think we're mostly through that progress.
Robin Farley: I wanted to clarify -- there's a lot of moving parts on the senior guidance. So just to clarify, just so we could think about just cruise demand and exclude sort of Pullmantur, that's not really meaningful to cruise yields and then currency. If your prior guidance was constant currency of up 4% to 5%, if we exclude the additions of Pullmantur, is the bottom end of your constant currency yield guidance now -- is the full range up 2% to 4%? In other words, the bottom end of the range, it looks like it's going down by 200 basis points excluding currency in Pullmantur. And I just want to understand where the other 100 basis point, you mentioned 100 basis points from the disruptions from geopolitical events, but it looks like the bottom end of range may be going down by 200 basis points.
Robin Farley: No, I do see the slide, but the slide actually doesn't clarify your specific constant currency yield increase in Pullmantur.
Robin Farley: Okay. Now that helps because it -- it just -- it looks like excluding the basis points of Pullmantur that the bottom of the range is x currency and x Pullmantur maybe down by about 200 basis points. I just wanted to understand what was driving that. And then also just in not clarifying in the release, the full year EPS range of the $3.10 to $3.30, that you're including the benefit of the fuel options there. So excluding the fuel option would be $2.99 to $3.19, is that right? I just want to make sure.
