John Christmann: Doug, thanks for joining us this morning. First of all, we feel good about our 3-year plan. there's been, as we laid out a couple of challenges, and we take responsibility for those and hit them head on. I think the programs are running well. We've got some work to do in Egypt and we're on it. But if you look at -- we did need to take this year's guidance down a little bit. A lot of that is shifting of Egypt to the right, but the well performance has been good. I think it's premature to look at our '23 and '24, and it would be premature to adjust those forecasts right now. But in general, I think we feel good about the overall delivery over the 3-year period. And I will say we baked in a lot of inflation on the cost side, and we have not had -- we've been able to manage that side really well. So I think in general, it would be early to do anything with the '23 and '24 years.
John Christmann: No, I would just say today, we go through a process every year in the fall, we're looking at the next 3 years. We will review that. We'll come out with a new 3-year look in February. But in general, we still feel pretty good about the 3-year plan we laid out. And we did pick up some properties in the U.S. The program has been running strong and I think as you look out with the 4 rigs in the Permian, we're going to be just fine in the U.S. and Egypt, we're confident in the well results. We've just got to work through some efficiencies there. So in general, we feel good, Doug, about the 3-year plan and -- but it would be premature right now to do anything. We've got some work to do in the short term, but we're on it, so.
John Christmann: Well, John, great question. The thing I would say is we typically try to stay about a year ahead of our programs. And so we've been working on 20 -- started working on '23 as soon as the calendar turned. And we continue to do that, and they're starting to get pretty good visibility. The thing I would say about our guidance when we put it out our 3-year guidance, we bumped our capital quite a bit this year, as you'll recall, and took a pretty material increase. Most of that covered where we are today, and that's why you didn't see us have to bump our capital again this quarter. So I think we've got a pretty good handle on things. And I'll just say we built in quite a bit of inflation in '23 and '24 for next -- those next 2 years when we put out that outlook in February. So it's early to come back with hard numbers. for '23 and '24, but I think we've built in a lot of where we sit today on the inflation side.
John Christmann: Yes. No, John, good question. What we typically do, and you can understand the those rig lines are dynamic. You've got some things that are dependent, some things that are independent in terms of wells and orders. And so because of that, we've typically waited until we're ready to move the rigs to tell you where they are going. Total has the value there drilling the Dikkop prospects right now. That is an exploration well. Clearly, we've got the Gerry De Souza in Block 53, where we're drilling an exploration well. That well will be moving back to Block 58 to Total. And I'll just say you're going to see a mix. There's appraisal to do at Sapakara South. There's also appraisal to do at Krabdagu, and there are also some other exploration wells. So when you see the rigs move, you're going to see probably a combination of exploration and appraisal with the 2 rigs. But I'm not in a position today to tell you which rig is going where with both of them right now.
John Christmann: No, Jeanine, I think we're on track today, I would say, we envision a hub that would really set up between Sapakara South, Krabdagu, in that area kind of a centralized hub. We're still targeting predominantly a black oil, lower GOR development today. I do believe we have found a significant amount of gas in the block as well. And I think longer-term, we will want to look at gas alternatives and gas options because there's quite a bit of resource there. But today, our focus has been predominantly on a hub that would be a lower GOR FPSO.
John Christmann: And the other thing I would add, Bob, is it brings a hot rig. I mean that's something that if you look a year ago, we were looking to add a rig in the Permian, and we started in the third quarter and really have showed up in April. And the nice thing about this is we've got a really high-quality rig. It's been performing well and a good crew.
John Christmann: Yes. Great question. First of all, our natural gas price is fixed, $2.65 per million per BTU. So gas price are fixed. As you know, we make our money through the profit oil in the split is the way the PSC is designed. So the other thing I would say is if you look at the overall market, here, we are increasing our rig count threefold at a time when the rig count in MENA has been growing at about a 20% clip. And so we found ourselves in a pretty unusual situation where there's been high demand for a lot of our trained Egyptian talent, national talent. And we're in the process at 1 point, I think we had 75 folks that we've had to replace effectively and backfill for. And so it's an interesting time, and it just gives you a little bit of a clue into the competition for national talent in the area today. And the good news is, as we're on it and addressing it. But what it's done is it's the safety statistics have been good, but it's manifested in just some delays in terms of getting wells drilled getting the rigs up and running and then getting wells connected. And so a lot of it, it's mainly just in the reactivation of the cold stacked rigs. And it's something we've done before. but it's just taking a little bit longer. And we'll get it ironed out, and we're working collectively with the folks on the ground there and this is something we'll sort out. You see it in our supplement. If you look at what we had planned to bring on in the second quarter, I think, 24 wells, we actually only got 11 on, but you see the pace with third quarter and fourth quarter picking back up. So it's kind of a short-term above-ground set back, but it's something we will recover from. In terms of the well performance has been good and kind of in line with performance. So no issues on the well performance side.
John Christmann: Yes. For now, we see it there. We've got some pads lined out to drill with 1 rig. It takes some time to drill those pads. So I think it will be late, late this year, early next year before you might see some production from that. But the plan is to leave that rig in there for now and for the most part, stay there. It might, after a pad or 2 jump over and pick up a well or 2 in the Delaware. But for the most part, it's going to stay at Alpine High.
John Christmann: No. I think we'll get back on track pretty quick. We did pull out the Chalk, but that is greater than 50% gas there. So when you look at that 8,000 BOEs a day, you could think of that probably as being about 3 million or 3,000 barrels a day and about 30 million cubic feet of gas a day, right? So -- but with the addition of moving the rig back to the Permian, they're going to be a little more oily than what the chalk was. And I think we'll get back on track at -- here pretty quickly.
John Christmann: No. I mean you've got 2 big things there. We've been focused on more oil-focused drilling with the current rig program. And then you've got [Kassar], which was a big gas field that we found along many, many years back, and it's been on a gradual decline. So there's time periods where you'll see the Kassar impact in those numbers.
John Christmann: No. Two really good questions. I'll address Suriname first. Big picture, we feel really good about it. Neil, the offshore, which is a big plus in terms of where the operations are taking place. And I think it just underscores how important development of resource would be for the country of Suriname. And so Statoil's been there a long time. They've got a great track record, and we look forward to working with them and helping try to bring some energy and some GDP growth into the country. So I think it's a positive from that perspective. And it just shows you that in today's world, there are some challenges out there with inflation and other things going on and a lot of countries are addressing that, including Suriname. In the North Sea, I think we've got a very, very strong business there. We've always characterized our assets as kind of 2 different plays in 2 different -- 2 totally different assets. 40s, we're obviously managing it into the later phases of its life and looking to manage that margin. And as you see it wind down, we still see that happening early next decade. And you see the profits levy there starts to impact timing of some of those things. And so in the prepared remarks, my comments were this isn't helpful sometimes for future investment, and it may actually shorten the life of some things, but we're not facing that today with where it is. And then the other asset up there that we have still some great programs in and see some future development is in the tertiary at Beryl. And we've had some good strong programs and look forward to that. But I think you do have to just step back and look at your future capital, how it fits within the portfolio. But today, we see the North Sea playing a key role.
John Christmann: Thank you for joining us today. I'd like to leave you with the following closing thoughts. We remain very focused on generating free cash flow. In 2022, this will be approximately $3 billion. We will return at least 60% or $1.8 billion to shareholders. Our new properties in the Delaware Basin are additive to this framework. It's an attractively priced tuck-in acquisition and cash flow accretive from day 1. In Egypt, well performance has been good, and we're actively addressing the above-ground inefficiencies to get well tie-ins back on schedule. Operator, I will now turn the call over to you.
Stephen Riney: Yes. Thanks, Doug. So a reminder, the Cheniere contract is a 15-year term contract, 140 million cubic feet a day. Cheniere does have the option to start that early with 90 days' notice. They can do that at any time at this point. But at a minimum, that contract will begin on July 1, 2023. And obviously, the pricing of LNG, JKM and TTF pricing has been amazingly volatile in the last year or so and for that matter here recently, so as Houston Ship Channel. But basically, the contract is structured as a -- where we capture the margin of a mixture of JKM and TTF LNG pricing over Houston Ship Channel. So effectively, people can think of it as we're going to buy at Houston Ship Channel. We're going to sell at a mix of JKM and TTF and we're going to pay some costs associated with tolling through Cheniere's plant, and then we'll pay the cost of transport and fuel loss and things like that. So there's some costs in between that. But that would tell you what the margin structure is on that contract. Again, it will begin July 1, 2023. We believe that is the date that it will begin for the reason I'm about to tell you. And that is that to purchase a Houston Ship Channel on a -- if you look at the forward strip, not even today's prices, which are even higher. But if you look at the forward strip for second half of '23, this contract, the uplift of JKM and TTF over Houston Ship Channel less the cost would generate about $750 million of free cash flow in the 6 months the second half of '23.
Stephen Riney: And that is not in any of the free cash flow numbers that we put forward in February. We just assumed all of that, that there was 0 margin over Houston Ship Channel for that contract.
Stephen Riney: Yes. Janine, there's -- obviously, there's a lot of embedded questions in that. We're focused on both of those things. We've still got, as I indicated in my prepared remarks, we've still got work to do on the balance sheet. And if you'll recall, we did the $1.1 billion debt tender earlier this year and put quite a bit of that on the revolver. So we use the revolver for things like that, and we use it quite a bit more than we have in the past. That's why you have the revolver, frankly. And we used it again this quarter for the Delaware Basin acquisition. And so -- again, that's the point of having a revolver. You use it from time to time to take some of those material type of steps. In this case, it was just a tuck-in acquisition. But we've got to be focused on continuing to pay down debt. We'd like to get the revolver balance as low as possible by the end of the year. There'll probably still be a bit left on it. But at the same time, we want to balance that with doing the share repurchases in a thoughtful manner. And again, as I said in my prepared remarks, we were in possession of material nonpublic information for quite a bit of the second quarter. So we couldn't be in the market using open market repurchases for shares. So we had to use the 10b5-1 programs. that we had set in place earlier in the year, and we let those run just to make sure that we had a continuing pace. Then when we announced the results of the Krabdagu flow test, we were able to reengage in open market repurchases and you saw what we did in the month of July. And so -- we're going to -- we're somewhat constrained a bit from time to time with material nonpublic information on what we can do on the share buybacks. But I think you're going to see us continue to focus on that and try to be as thoughtful as possible on that for the rest of this year while continuing to balance it with continue to strengthen the balance sheet. I don't know if all of that answered your question or not, hopefully.
David Pursell: Yes, I think it's just some follow-on. John talked about it. We've got some wells that have just come online. We have a handful that are coming online later this month. which will drive production through the end of this year. We also have 2 rigs finishing out a pad. It will add a substantial number of DUCs that we'll likely complete in the first quarter of '23. So there's a lot there. I think in the current -- I think when you think about the opportunity set here, -- we've got a number of intervals that this zone has that are low risk. We know the rock around existing infrastructure. So we think about high-quality, low-risk opportunities. Again, you get probably have several years of drilling just on those. And there's some upside potential. There's a number of zones that we're testing in our existing footprint, and we'll continue to test those and we'll likely test those zones here on our new acreage. And again, that's all upside that hopefully we'll be able to talk about as we go through 2023.
David Pursell: Yes. And again, we're not going to talk about the development pace here, but if you can think about conceptually putting 1 rig on this for the next couple of years, this is free cash flow positive from day 1, and continues to generate free cash flow.
David Pursell: Yes. And I'm not -- we probably had more wells than that baked into the plan. But just to frame the Chalk to make sure everybody's familiar. We have a non-op and operated position in Washington County, which is West of College Station. What we've put the pause on was a 20,000-acre piece east of College Station on the Eastern edge of Brazos County. In that 20,000-acre piece, the first well we drilled was an outstanding result. We went into delineation mode as we were trying to delineate this 20,000-acre piece, and we ended up with a lot more variability in the results than we had anticipated. So the thought was, let's put pause on this. We've reduced the number of wells that we're going to put online this year. We're actually going to defer some completions as well while we study the results. And the point is this capital is better spent in the Permian. So we're going to pause it and we'll let you know what we come up with probably sometime in 2023.
