Stephen J. Riney: Hey, Gail. So this is Steve. So I don't have at hand an exact number of the percent of NGLs that are ethane. Might see if we could get that before the end of this call. But that obviously will be impacted quite a bit as we actually bring on three Cryo units in Alpine in 2019, the first one by the middle of the year and then two more before the end of the year. In aggregate, we produce about 60,000 barrels a day of NGLs in the U.S. and most of those – those are all basically priced based on net back Mont Belvieu type of pricing, with a deduction for transportation and fractionation costs. And quick turnaround on the first part, about 42% is F8 in the Permian.
Stephen J. Riney: Yes, Gail. Thank you. If you look at Egypt, we've got a big three-day program that's underway and we've got a lot of new concessions, and so, it's a 2.6 million acre shoot. We shot over 1 million of it. Things are progressing well and, I tell you, the early looks on the seismic are very exciting. There's just a lot of rock to deal with out there, it's high productivity, and we've got such a massive infrastructure, backbone in place, that it will be easy to bring things on. So, we are very excited about Egypt and we are excited about getting more of the 3-D in and starting to migrate our inventory there, which really has become very robust. Historically we have about two years of inventory that we could see because it took so long to build. Today we've got a much, much longer time horizon on our Egypt portfolio, and gives us the ability – you know, we believe we are going to be able to grow the free cash flow as well is grow production over the next several years on the new acreage. So that's the first thing. If you look at the track record in the North Sea, Garten this year was a big discovery for us, and as we said on the notes this morning, we are going to be accelerating that from early next year into the fourth quarter. So we are excited about that. It will be a very high rate well, it's a big structure, and there's potential in there, we'll just have to see how it outperforms, even add more wells. But most importantly, it also de-risked several other structures that are very similar to Garten. So we continue to have success in the barrel area with tiebacks. We've got store coming as well, in 2019 we brought on another well in Callater. So we've got a lot of momentum going into 2019 in the North Sea, not to mention the work we are doing a 40s as well with the water injection. We are really starting to see some stabilization of the decliner rates there, and flattening of that which has big ramifications. So, you know international portfolio has provided a tremendous amount of cash flow, it's Brent pricing and we get really high gas prices in the UK as well, and we're excited what that's going to continue to do for us for the foreseeable future.
Stephen J. Riney: Yeah, sorry, Charles. I'll just add to that. Just in terms of what potential we might have on that, we ended the third quarter with $600 million of cash, with positive free cash flow planned at strip for 2019. Through the end of 2019 and after paying the dividend and after retaining a bit of cash on the balance sheet for operational purposes, you're probably looking at as much as $500 million to $1 billion of cash available, depending on price, available for either debt reduction or further share buybacks. And that would exclude any proceeds from asset sales.
Stephen J. Riney: Yeah. And, Doug, I'd just add to that. Our contract with Enterprise provides for a ramp-up of volumes to 205,000 barrels a day and that's a fixed contract. They've got to take it. It's a fixed-fee structure for transportation and fractionation. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we actually have some options to even further enhance margins beyond just a Mont Belvieu mixed NGL barrel pricing netted back to Alpine High.
Stephen J. Riney: No. Not at this time, Doug. I think what I'd recommend is let's wait until the next plan rollout in February and we could probably have a better view of that kind of stuff. But, obviously, I'll just state the obvious and that is as we – we're bringing on three Cryo facilities in 2019, two more in 2020. That won't be the end of it. But, obviously, as we bring on Cryo facilities, the goal would be to have a drilling schedule that fills those as quickly as possible.
Stephen J. Riney: Yeah, I think that's the story, Michael. I mean for four quarters in a row, leading up to third quarter, we've spent less than $750 million per quarter on upstream capital, if you just set aside the Midstream stuff and Alpine High. In the fourth quarter, of 2018, we've guided to $800 million, but $65 million of that is going to be exploration land acquisition, kind of a one-off land acquisition, so really we're under $750 million underlying kind of baseline upstream spending in the fourth quarter of 2018. The third quarter, there's a bit of a lumpiness to it. Again, there's about $800 million excluding land acquisitions in the third quarter, and that's just a bit of lumpiness, why that's over $750 million. There's a lot of lumpiness around activity on completions. Remember, we took the completion holiday and we had some backlog there. We upsized quite a number of those completions, so there's some lumpiness and some facility spending and some other type of stuff. So I would say that the exception was the third quarter at $800 million on an underlying baseline upstream spend rate as opposed to the second half. The other way to look at it is second half of 2018, we'll spend, in round numbers, $1.65 billion. We've got a little over $100 million of land acquisitions, lease extensions and acquisitions, so we're just – we're a little bit over $1.5 billion in the second half of 2018 and running at about $1.5 on a half year basis going into 2019. So I just, I think that the number in the third quarter was the anomaly and the exception. It's not underlying, we're spending at or even possibly slightly below for most of the last four quarters $750 million a quarter in the upstream. And we're not meaningfully changing activity levels here.
Stephen J. Riney: We have not, Michael, we have not disclosed that. It's part of our unconventional programs that would be areas that at some point in the future we would talk about.
John J. Christmann IV: Well, first of all, Charles, we are very excited about it. It's a 10 well oil pad test. There are four Wolfcamp A's, there are four Wolfcamp B's and two Bone Springs. Really, really high productivity. It's very early. I will tell you we were gas lifting all eight of the Wolfcamp wells. There's extreme deliverability and productivity and they are really just starting to cleanup. So, they started cutting oil pretty early. There's a tremendous amount of fluid to move, and we are very optimistic and encouraged by those. They are still short laterals, larger fracs, about 4000 pounds a foot. This is really 10 wells in a little over a half section. So it's like we've talked about the name of the game is getting the pad development, understanding the spacing from a spatial and pattern position. And we're excited about these. They are going to continue to clean up, when we look at the IPR curves, there's a lot of room for these wells come up and we expect them to hold in for quite a while. So we're very encouraged. The two Bone Springs we've just really started and we've run sump pumps in those two wells. So – and they're both cutting oil but just really getting started. So it's early and is 40 gravity oil, it's black oil and well costs were very reasonable for the size jobs we pumped, and we're very optimistic.
John J. Christmann IV: Well, Charles, that's a lot of questions. I'll try to summarize in a couple points and then give you a chance to come back if we didn't answer them. But first of all, as we look to 2019, we've been running a pretty flat activity set, going back to the back half of 2017. So we're very comfortable what the capital forecast is going into next year. We figure for $3 billion, we can deliver pretty fat flat activity set, which sets us up very nicely when you look at the corporate level in the U.S. growth which, of course will be driven by Permian. So we also believe that we will be in a position to generate some free cash flow and clearly, a high priority with that free cash flow right now, especially with where share price is would be to supplement our dividend policy which we've maintained through the downturn. I mean we're one of the few that did not cut our dividend, and so we see that buybacks is something we can do to supplement our dividend policy as we return incremental cash flow to the shareholders. So everything I'll say about the capital program going into next year that can easily be flexed up as we have significant inventory to do that. But also it'll be very easy ratchet back if things change in the environment. So we'll have more color on the call in February, but very comfortable with the rates and pace we've been running at. I think we're set up for a really strong 2019 after a really good 2018, and we do see us being able to increase the stuff back to shareholders.
John J. Christmann IV: Yeah, Brian. I think the thing we've determined and we now have substantial flow time on it is that the larger fracs are definitely increasing productivity. We're also seeing that in the Woodford and the Barnett, and longer laterals are pretty much one to-one in terms of lateral foot for the productivity. So in both cases we're getting benefit from longer laterals as well as the bigger fracs. The last pad we brought on, the Blackfoot, was the smaller fracs. We did that even knowing going into that we knew the larger fracs were doing more but we needed to see the data point in terms of the number of landing zones and the spatial placement between those. And it's confirmed what we believed that we're probably going to be able to develop at Woodford with two landing zones, drop the As and Bs a little bit lower with a little larger fracs. And then we've got to come back and pump the bigger fracs on those to then figure out the optimal number of wellbores. But the good news is our location counts have had very conservative assumptions. We've proven that at less than 2,000 pounds we can place the wells 660 feet apart and our well count assumptions were 925 to 1,000. So well count is going to go up when we come back and quantify that, but we've still got some more work to do in terms of what's going to drive the greatest return and PV per capital dollar invested with how we develop these patterns. We've got the 12 wells in the Blackfoot. We're going to come back right now. We're in the process of completing 10 wells in the Barnett and at a later date you'll see us come back with a pair sequence. So at the Mont Blancs right now we're in the process of flowing back or starting to flow back some Woodford and Barnett tests, which have a little larger fracs. So there's a lot of data that's coming and has been designed to help us yield what's going to be critical to the development scenario. So a lot of good work and a lot of progress, and at some point we'll come back and unfold a lot of that for you.
John J. Christmann IV: Well, I mean, I think if you look at us today first of all, as I said in the closing part of my comments, if there's an asset that we're not funding and there's an opportunity for somebody else to put capital in that asset, then there may be an arbitrage and the ability to create some value for shareholders. So we're constantly looking at the portfolio and you've seen that historically with us. We exited Canada last year. So it's something we're constantly looking at. Clearly, right now, if you look at our portfolio, we're very excited about where we are in the Midland Basin. We've been predominantly working three areas and, as Tim mentioned, we branched out past those three areas in the Permian. But if you look at those three areas, it's less than 20% of what we'd call our core Midland Basin acreage and we've really developed less than 20% of the locations we see in those. So there's tremendous amount of running room in our Wolfcamp and Spraberry locations in our Midland Basin. And then if you look at our portfolio from an expiration standpoint, we believe today you're better served – the best impact's going to be through organic well-designed expiration. And Alpine High was a result of that. We've put together a tremendous portfolio over the last few years on the conventional side. We've got a block down in Suriname that we're very, very excited about and we've also got some new plays that we've been working on the unconventional side. As you know, it's a depleting business and you have to continue to find areas, and we think organically through the expiration if you can do it with low-cost, high-impact areas, we think that's the best way to create value. And it's also why we also like our share price right now.
John J. Christmann IV: John, historically we've put things in place to protect our programs. And I think fundamentally we like to stay away from hedging unless we feel like we need to do something. And at times when we felt like we had a capital program like the midstream and Alpine High we've done things to protect that cash flow or through acquisitions there's ways to fund those. So I think as we go into 2019 we're in a position today where with the capital program, we can ratchet that up or down if necessary. So it's just something we'll have to kind of look at.
John J. Christmann IV: Yeah, I think, Doug, clearly 2019 will be an inflection-point year for the NGLs at Alpine High. If you look at 2018 to 2020, we showed a transition where our NGLs would grow from 10% in 2018 to 30% in 2020. We've got one Cryo coming on in the second half – or the back end of the first half of the year. Then, we got two coming on in the second half. So, it'll all happen, kind of start happening second and third quarter of next year.
John J. Christmann IV: Well, I mean, if you look back, we've been able to maintain our Egypt production level with a much lower rig count. We were running 28 rigs in Egypt in 2014 and we got down as low as six or seven. We've been running around 12 rigs, and we've been able to really stabilize that, and that's with the (48:22) starting to get towards the point where it would go on decline. So we've done a really, really good job. And I think our productivity and capital efficiency in Egypt has gone up significantly, and that was really two discoveries Ptah and Berenice, which helped drive that, which we had in early 2015. If you look at the new seismic, I think, as we – with the new concessions, and we get the new seismic back, we would be in a position, Doug, to kind of unfold some of that as well. So, we've expanded a lot over the last three years. We've landed a lot of acreage in Egypt. And as I mentioned earlier, we've got great infrastructure and a great track record. And so we look at Egypt as an area we can continue to grow the free cash flow. You can't underestimate what we've done with that and what it's been able to do for us over the last several years and grow our production. So Egypt's actually an improving position for us as well, and we've got better there over the last couple of years. And I think once we get the new seismic back, and then we would be in a position to unfold that a little.
John J. Christmann IV: Well, I mean, it's a large area. We've got about 1.4 million acres. There are number of prospects that are very high quality. We will drill at least one well in 2019, and there will be options to make that program much larger. So that's one of the things we're looking at. But we'll include at least one well.
John J. Christmann IV: Well, I mean, I think if you go back and look at our Block 53, the two wells that we've drilled over the last, call it, three years, we've learned a lot from both of those. You look at 58, it's positioned differently. It's in a different part of what's a very large basin. It's a very large block, so we feel like that Block 58 is ideally positioned. And it really – the results outbound the Block 58 will not have an impact on our view of Block 58.
John J. Christmann IV: Well, it's something you've got to keep in check. If you look on our international portfolio, of our international capital, we spend some expiration dollars in both the North Sea and in Egypt, right, so. And those are continual programs that we've had great results from, so there's a small portion there. Suriname is the one place outside where we operate today that we will be active next year. And then on the unconventional side, it's more you U.S. focused and it's more oil focused, and those are things where we don't spend a lot of money because we're looking at things that are off the radar from other companies where we think we can add value, pick up meaningful acreage positions at low cost that could have a really high impact. And so that's how we approached the unconventional side. But you've got to keep it in check. You've got to have the lion's share of your capital going into your development programs that are driving your returns and your volume growth and the cash flow.
John J. Christmann IV: Michael, it's something we own 100% today; there is quite a bit of interest in the block. And so that's just something we'd have seen the future.
John J. Christmann IV: We're definitely prepared. We like the risk to upside profile. Wells are not real expensive. You're probably $55 million to $60 million tops for one of the deeper water wells. So it's something we can easily do a couple wells on. So we'll just see. It's a block we are very excited about, and we'll just kind of see how it unfolds.
John J. Christmann IV: Yeah, I'll let Steve give you some specifics. But if you look at our last six quarter, we've been running a pretty flat activity set. And if you look at the actual EMP capital, it's been pretty flat. I mean you saw little bit of a rise in the back half this year and that's been toward acreage, but I will let Steve give you little bit more color.
John J. Christmann IV: Well, thank you all for joining us today. I would like to leave you with three key takeaways from today's call. First, Apache had an excellent quarter both operationally and financially. We significantly exceeded consensus earnings and cash flow estimates. We beat and raised our production guidance for the third quarter in a row and we outlined a strong 2019 view. Second, we are planning a year-over-year reduction in upstream capital in 2019 and upon closing, Altus Midstream will fund our Alpine High infrastructure spend. This creates good visibility to free cash flow for which a high priority will be share repurchases. And lastly, we are realizing significant benefits from our diversified portfolio and strong leverage to oil prices. In 2019, as we ramp are wet gas volumes at Alpine High in conjunction with Cryo installation, we will see a step function change in margins and cash flow from the play. I look forward to sharing our ongoing progress with you in the future.
