Gary Clark: Thank you, Jennifer. Good afternoon, everybody. And thank you for joining us for Apache’s third quarter 2014 earnings conference call. On today’s call, we will have three speakers making prepared remarks prior to taking questions. I will start by giving a brief summary of results and then we will hear from Steve Farris, our Chairman, CEO and President; followed by Anthony Lannie, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Also joining us for the question-and-answer session are John Christmann, Executive Vice President and COO of North America; and Tom Voytovich, Executive Vice President and COO of International. Please note that we have streamlined our supplemental earnings disclosures this quarter. We are replacing our financial supplement and our operation supplement with a single quarterly earnings supplement. Most of the financial disclosures previously found in the financial supplement can now be found in the tables attached to our earnings release, as well as the 10-Q. Our new streamlined earnings supplement will continue to summarize our operational activities for the quarter and include well heights across various Apache operating regions. The supplement also includes information on E&P capital expenditures and the visual graphic to illustrate cash sources and uses that reconcile changes in net debt quarter-over-quarter. Our earnings release accompanying the financial tables and non-GAAP reconciliations, and our new quarterly supplement can all be found on our website at apachecorp.com/financialdata. Today’s discussion will contain forward-looking estimates and assumptions based on our current views and most reasonable expectations. However, a number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from what we discussed today. A full disclaimer is located with the supplemental data on our website. This morning we reported a third quarter 2014 loss of $1.3 billion or $3.50 per diluted share, adjusted earnings, which excludes certain items that impact the comparability of results totaled $528 million or $1.38 per diluted share. Cash flow from operations before changes in working capital totaled $2.1 billion during the quarter. Worldwide reported net production averaged 637,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, with liquids production constituting 60% of that total. On a pro forma basis, adjusting for recent assets sales and excluding the non-controlling interest and tax bills from Egypt, our second quarter worldwide production was 562,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This represents a 2% increase from the second quarter and a 6% increase from the same period a year ago. I will now call -- turn the call over to Steve.
Gary Clark: Yeah. I mean, we have really seen an opportunistic -- opportunity this year to add some exceptional acreage in our key growth areas and so we’ve taken advantage of that. I wouldn’t say that it’s necessarily a sea change and how we view acreage acquisition and M&A, but the reality is we need to high-grade the portfolio. And as we’ve matured our key plays and demonstrated a lot of confidence and what we can accomplish there, we have seen a interesting opportunity to beep up in the sweet spots of those key plays. And at the same, we will divest and are divesting some of our areas where that are not going to attract capital and that are not on the growth track and they have lower rates of return. So what you all seen is our spending in the third quarter, what’s pending is the divestitures that will cover a lot of that spending.
Gary Clark: We told you $8.3 in February and we’re doing better than that now and we’ve got our site set lower but we’ll share more on the 20th.
Steve Farris: What I think you’ve seen from 2014 -- I mean, 2013 and 2014, we’ve really high-graded our portfolio up there. We basically have two real major plays up there, which is the Duvernay and the Montney. Right now that is going to be our growth drivers for going forward.
Steve Farris: Yeah. I might make a general comment. I think we -- over the last two months we’ve seen a $20 move in oil prices. I think all of us have to look at that. We certainly are looking at it in terms of making sure we’re prudent and what our capital program is going forward. I will tell you from an investment opportunity standpoint, we are better off right now and we have been in Lower 48 over the last two or three years. We have tremendous inventory right now, good inventory. I doubt if you see us until we understand where this price is going be really bullish on overspending our cash flow going forward.
Steve Farris: We are going to show a lot more of that on November 20. We have more acreage than -- we have more acreage today than we have in the past.
Steve Farris: Now the only caveat I would give that is, is in the Egypt 88% of our revenues come from our oil. Gases is percentage wise a bigger chunk of our production on a Boe basis, but 88% of our revenues come from the oil side.
Steve Farris: Brian, I think the statement that we made in our second quarter earnings call and I reiterated today, we are committed to exiting the LNG facilities and truthfully we are -- we’ve got lots of people working on those projects to do just that. In terms of evaluating our international assets for possible transactions or spends, that’s an ongoing process and we continue to look at it everyday. Certainly I think our -- truthfully I think our North American business today and I probably wouldn’t have said this a year ago or year and half ago is very capable of standing on its own. I mean, I think we’ve got the inventory and I think what you’re going to see in November 20 is we now have the capabilities and the leadership in the regions to be able to do that.
Steve Farris: No, I don’t think so. I think, our plan, our strategic vision is to separate our North American form our international business. I mean, no -- nobody else, I mean when I say think, it’s just -- we have the same thinking today that we have in the past.
Steve Farris: Well, I think, I guess I will reiterate the answer I gave a little early or the fact of the matter is, we’ve had by anybody’s calculations we’ve got a real sea change in oil prices. I think we’re all going to have a look at how we run businesses at $80 oil in North America and without blowing out your balance sheet. So depending on what happens to oil prices, we’re running a number of different cases, but we’re going to -- our capital program is going to be somewhere around what our cash flow is going into 2015.
Steve Farris: Well, we’re going to do that November 20th. We have got a -- I will say, we’ve got a package related to that we’re keen on. We’ve got a package in South Louisiana, our South Louisiana stuff its legacy, we’ve had for sometime. And we’ve also got some properties in central region that are gassy and we’re not spending money on. So you’ll see what that looks like in -- on November 20th.
Steve Farris: Well, I think the absolute debt is not as important as what we consider what our debt structure should be overall. In terms of our debt going up a little bit this year, I mean, this quarter, I think Gary has pointed out and I think, I pointed out earlier. We made some strategic buys of undeveloped acreage and what you’re seeing is you got a timing difference between we’re selling non-core assets, which should come in the fourth quarter. And the acreage acquisitions that we’ve seen in the third quarter, so those two should balance out over the year.
Steve Farris: Yeah. Right now, we are building inventory. I might point for those listening we have --we kept half of the deep rights when we sold our shelf. And we have about 500 blocks of deep rights under our existing shelf acreage that we sold. And truthfully that’s -- if we have a very good idea there, we’ll fund it otherwise that we will continue to build inventory.
Steve Farris: Actually the shelf rates of return are very, very strong. And especially if you are drilling them, the reason we kept the deep rights is we sold 700 platforms. And so most of the deep rights are in and around the existing infrastructure. So you time back quicker and you can get them on quicker. And you don’t have the infrastructure cost that you do when you are under deepwater going out and doing expiration.
Steve Farris: Yeah. We are going to roll out what our 2015 and then our forward plan is, what our outlook is over the next several years. And our capital budget for 2015 will be part of that.
Steve Farris: I think they are both viable. I will tell you the one thing we’ve said and I think we’ve constantly done, we are not going to sell something just to get rid of it. And ultimately the separation will partly be, I am sure a span of some of our assets.
John Christmann: I mean, the first key is we are having a great year. When you look at the well count over the first three quarters of last year, our horizantals were up 50%, as we kind of shifted our program. We are currently running 41 rigs. You’ve seen us dropping the verticals as well. So actually, we are working quite a bit ahead where you had guided to 12 to 15% and we are looking at year-end numbers. We are going to put you twice the lower end. So we feel really strong about that. I think going into next year, we'll get into that on the November 20th, but a lot of that will depend on the commodity price forecast and how much cash we want to invest there. The big deal is, I think we feel good about the projects and we have a lot of flexibility with the rig count. So we are in a good spot going into next year.
John Christmann: I mean, I think, directionally, when you look at where we are, we dropped our rig count in the Anadarko. Steve mentioned, we are down to 20 rigs now. So you see that drop in conjunction with the Eagle Ford ramp-up and that will continue going into next year. So that directionally tells you where they are and we’re looking at the portfolio, things that migrate to the top quick, they are going to be the Eagle Ford, the Canyon Lime and the Permian and lots of plays there. So it’s going to compete very, very well.
John Christmann: As we mentioned or Steve mentioned in the script, I mean, we retooled and even on the last call we’ve changed out our entire leadership in our central region. So we’ve addressed the region VP as well as the Op. So the good news is in all of our plays, we still got good wells and good things there. We have shifted the rig count a little bit. We pared back as Steve said in the script and the talk on the Granite Wash. We’ve got a few more running in the Cleveland and the Cottage Grove, where we’re having some good results. And we’re also shifting to the Canyon Lime. But I think when you look at that portfolio and the mix, you’ll see a shift towards the Eagle Ford and the Permian and the Canyon Lime as we look at next year.
John Christmann: John, we’ll get into that on November 20th, but they’re going to come in under $8 million Eagle Ford well cost.
John Christmann: I mean, we’ll get into that in detail when we -- we’ll show some data on November 20th but they really -- I mean, we mentioned the first couple pads have come on in the Reveille of average 690 Boes a day and that’s in a lower GOR area. One thing across our acreage that GOR does move, so it just depends on the area but we’ll go through that in detail on November 20th.
John Christmann: Jeff, they’re just economics, they’re good wells, they are all horizontals and the economics are fantastic on them. So we can get the rigs in there and we’ve got three elements there. They’re cheaper, they are not as expensive and they help the program so. But the economics are very compelling.
John Christmann: No, that’s another area. I mean, you’ve got to look across the counties and we’ve got some areas where we are drilling horizontally in the Pan and the Strawn and we will show little bit of that on November 20th. In this particular area, we highlighted some wells that are North of Odessa and the [Gustav Bay] (ph) area and some vertical wells that we can stack those and they are also very compelling. We saw fantastic rates from those so. It shows you the variety in the Permian and you’ve got lots of zones, lots of area and different plays but they are very economic.
