John J. Christmann: Thank you, Steve. Before we open the call to Q&A, I would like to comment on a couple of the recurring topics we have heard during recent interactions with shareholders and the broader investment community. With oil prices well above the baseline for 2018 planning, there is a lot of focus on what industry will be doing with the extra cash flows. For Apache, the answer to that question has to be based on the key elements of our plan for the year. Our 2018 base plan showed an approximate outspend of $700 million at $58 WTI, which was primarily driven by the Alpine High midstream investment program of $500 million. In conjunction with that plan, we outlined our desire to transact the midstream business in a way that would eliminate our ongoing funding obligation, while still leaving us significantly invested in the future value add from the growth that will come from the upstream. As Steve outlined, we are well into that process. And we are confident that we will execute such a transaction in 2018. That said, the timing and structure of this event are not finalized, and we will plan and respond accordingly. As such, our first priority for any extra cash flows in 2018 will be to close the cash flow gap with our overall capital program, including Alpine High midstream. When we have better visibility to full year cash flows and certainty around the midstream outcome, we will then consider other options, including the return of additional capital to shareholders and incremental capital investment. Another common topic is Permian Basin's supply growth, take away capacity, and the resulting impact on oil and gas basis differentials. Both oil and gas take away capacity is tightening as we move through the year and into late 2019. Basin offtake capacity is the main concern in this situation, and Apache is well protected through a combination of firm sales contracts and firm transportation solutions for the majority of our projected volumes. A related concern is the widening basis differentials that accompany a constrained market. Here again we have taken proactive steps through basis hedges and firm transportation commitments that will help mitigate the price risk. I won't go into the details here, but we have included a few slides in our first quarter supplement that describe our current Permian marketing position and hedges. Pipeline offtake constraints and differential widening will be a relatively short lived condition. The industry has been there before in the Permian, and these issues were quickly resolved, as Permian Basin intrastate pipeline capacity is comparatively easy to build. Over the longer term, the Permian Basin provides a tremendous opportunity for Apache to deliver attractive growth at high rates of return. We have the fourth-largest acreage footprint and plan to commit 70% of our capital to the basin over the next three years. That said, accelerating industry activity is creating significant competition for oilfield services and nontrivial operational challenges. In this environment, our priority is to protect and grow returns. We are operating at a disciplined pace with the objective to be the returns leader in the Permian with growth as an outcome. And with that, we are ready to move to Q&A.
John J. Christmann: John, I think it's just a matter of moving into pads, I mean the drilling analytics, and the things we've been able to do. We've originally said we thought we could get down to $4 million to $6 million. So getting to the $6.2 million target this year, we knew we would be able to achieve it. And I think probably just being able to get there as quickly as we have, given the inflation we've had on some of the small services. So I'm really pleased with where we are. I can tell you we see pacesetters daily coming out of there with all the analytics and technical tools we're applying. And I expect us to continue to drive those costs down. So it's a great story and is going to only get better.
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean we're at a period right now where you're working both your frac crews and your rig counts, and they will be dynamic. We've actually got two crews in that region, one of them kind of bounces back and forth between there and the Delaware. So it's really not just directly, I would say, one. A lot of that's a function of the pad and the timing and how we're scheduling that. So over time, we would expect both. We've seen significant efficiencies on the completion side in the Midland. And I think you in general are going to see ratios similar to what we have, but probably in that same line.
John J. Christmann: Garten is a very exciting discovery for us. And it will be material to our North Sea. I mean part of this will hinge on getting the well on and testing it, as well as evaluating how many other wells there might be there. This structure could – is more subtle and could be significantly bigger than the 10 million barrels that we have disclosed. So as the year progresses and we get to do more technical work, we'll come back with that sometime later this year. But it's going to have an impact positively in 2019 and 2020.
John J. Christmann: Bob, as we've said, we'll have about half of our program over the next three years will be in, primarily going towards retention, which is going to be predominantly Woodford and some Barnett. The other portion of that will be – is discretionary or what we call impact, and we will be testing and drilling some other wells. So you'll see us start to work up the column. You'll see us start to work the Woodford in the shallower areas, the areas where it's going to be more oily and more liquids rich. So we're excited about those. And there's stuff that's ongoing now and will continue.
John J. Christmann: Yeah, Jeoff, I mean I think what we've stated is today we like our pace in both places. We've done some strategic tests at the half section level in the Midland Basin. And you're seeing the results of those that we're now integrating into the wells we're drilling now. So it's making a big impact by being able to incorporate the learnings and the data in the work we're doing. Ultimately it boils down to, how do you develop these sections? And we've got to get the completions fully optimized. You've got to get your patterns right, numbers of wells, and those things. And so taking the time to do it, taking the time to analyze the data, and then coming back, because you can always drill more wells, but you can't take away any that you drill. So we like the pace we're on there. I think we're going to be able to accelerate into that as time progresses. The second thing we're doing is you've seen, by getting out and testing the Wolfcamp C, we're testing other benches. And we're also testing other portions of our acreage that – when we've given our location counts in the past, we've been very conservative. We've got a lot of acreage in the southern Midland Basin there that's highly prospective and others would consider core, so some of that's continuing to test those. So you'll see us continue to ramp that activity over time. We can handle many, many more rigs than we're running there today, but we like the pace. And similarly at Alpine High. What's unique about it is we've got 6,000 feet of rock over a 70-mile area. And obviously we're doing what we need to do to earn and hold the acreage, as well as build the infrastructure. And a lot of that pace has been driven by the wet gas side early on, because that's what we need the infrastructure for, to process the wet gas. The oil is easier, and it's also in the shallower zones. So from a pace standpoint, we like where we are. I think when we get something done with the midstream, which we're confident we will do, it's going to give us some more flexibility. So we like the balance we have and what the whole portfolio brings.
John J. Christmann: Yes, John. I mean, clearly, when you look at – and Steve alluded to it in his comments. I mentioned it. We are deep in a process. It is going very well, and there's a tremendous amount of interest. I think the thing that we recognize is, is that this asset is unique, because of the column that we have. We've got 6,000 feet of pay. And really the value of this infrastructure is going to grow significantly over the next five, six, seven, eight years. And so unlike other midstream assets, where you're developing one or two zones, this has a built-in set of wells and capital that's going to drive value. So we will want to hang onto a large piece of the equity and keep that exposure, because ultimately it's our upstream capital that's going to be driving that. So we're very encouraged. I think we're going to be able to maintain control. I think we're going to be able to eliminate the future spend. And I think it's something that's going to be value accretive for our shareholders.
John J. Christmann: Well, it's – that question, they go hand in hand. Because your design is impacted by your development. And I think that's the point is, is by getting into the pads with the pattern and the spacing test – and I'll say it again. We're doing a lot of things with fiber and a lot of high-end things with the micro size and others and the tracers, which is letting us better understand the frac geometries in what you're doing there. And I think those are the keys is understanding the rock, understanding the well spacing, understanding the number of landing zones. And as we've said, you take the rock. It's not as generic as everybody wants you to believe. You can move over in some areas. Wolfcamp A and B are separate. Some areas are going to communicate. You have to go in and do the work and test the rock and understand it. And I think once you start to grasp where the geometries are, then you can optimize those. So it really goes hand in hand, and it's why we stress the importance of the section and pad level development and return metrics.
John J. Christmann: Yeah, it's going to take it – we're making good progress, but this is going to be ongoing for quite some time. And we've got two brand new concessions. We're highly excited about what it's going to bring on the new acreage, as well as what the new technology brings on our existing acreage. So you go back and look, Ptah and Berenice were two discoveries we had in late 2014, which really enabled us with the 25, 30 wells to pretty much keep our production flat on the oil side and grow it. So and that's really a strat trap sitting right under our nose out there. So we're really excited about what the new broadband is going to do. And – but it's going to be – it's something we're going to be doing for a while. I mean it's going to go on into 2019, 2020 potentially before we get all of it shot. But we're getting a lot of it back right now. We've high graded the areas. And it's going to have an immediate impact on our drilling programs.
John J. Christmann: Well, the thing I would say about the Chinook pad, number one is, is in industry vernacular, those would be child wells, because we've already had parent wells in the section. So we're really pleased with it shows you the spacing assumptions. It shows with us getting into the pads. The cost is the big thing. We've always talked about the Woodford, and I think everyone acknowledges it's the best source rock in the world. And so the key here with us and what's going to differentiate Alpine High is going to be the cost structure. And so I think getting well costs down, starting to be able to put the patterns in place, and then seeing the results. And quite frankly, we still are working through the infrastructure build out and bring up. So we got a lot of things on last quarter, but we still don't have everything opened up fully. So well results, they look very good. They're very encouraging. I think spacing, we've been conservative. It kind of confirms we've been conservative on our spacing assumptions. And there's just a lot of rock and a lot of landing zones. And we're thrilled with the results, and those are short laterals too. So...
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean clearly it's going to go into returning those dollars to shareholders. And then, two, it's going to go into the discretionary or what we'll call the impact areas. And those are going to be the oilier and more liquids rich portions of Alpine High or into our Midland Basin or Delaware Basin. So those are the areas. We've got a lot of very encouraging results. And we're going to have a pretty big pick menu to choose from, so very excited.
John J. Christmann: Well, first of all, we did come in a little hot. We ended up keeping 100% of Garten. That was the last well we drilled with the WilPhoenix. And I think we all celebrated when we finally ended that three-year rig contract, so that's going to be very helpful going forward in the North Sea on our CapEx numbers. But I mean honestly, one of the other factors is, has been the completion time. And as Tim alluded to, we've eliminated a lot of time in terms of between pad moves and things. And so one of the things is, is you're always seeking to strive that balance, completion crews with rigs and rig count. And efficiencies, they run in – they don't run in parallel all the time. And so our completions have taken a step forward. It's enabled us to choose some days off and pull some wells forward. And we will have a decision to make, if on the drilling side the pace doesn't quicken there, which that could happen as well. Then we will have a decision to make on, do we add another rig or two with our frac crews? So it gives you some flexibility. But we've got some time in the schedules right now. And later this year we'll have to make some – a decision on that.
John J. Christmann: Well, I think first and foremost is, it's a very thoughtful process where there's a lot of due diligence being done on us, and we're doing a lot of due diligence on the potential partners. So you won't see big volume commitments. You'd see acreage dedication. And quite frankly, you'll see us controlling. So we're open to what the structure looks like. We recognize that the infrastructure investment really should sit in a different structure, where there is a different true cost of capital. We also recognize that we want to maintain as much of that equity as we can, because of the value we're going to create with our capital spend from the upstream side. So I think very creative in the parties we're talking with and the potential structures vary. So but I'm very encouraged by where we are. We're very deep into the process. There's a tremendous amount of interest. And we're very confident that we will do something very attractive in 2018.
John J. Christmann: Leo, it's very material. I mean we have 700 feet of pay. This is in the Beryl sands, which is some of your most prolific sands there. It's got a lot more scope to the structure than something like Callater has. We did not find the water saturations. We kept drilling and quite frankly, we could've kept drilling deeper. So it's going to be pretty material. And we'll come back with that. We just haven't given any color or any guidance. But you see very high rate wells come on. This will be light oil. And it'll be pretty impactful to our Beryl area. And I think the important thing is we own 100% of it.
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean I think the important thing is, is we've got a very rigorous plan. And as we've stated, we've kind of put Alpine High in three settings. There's actually a couple more than that, but we put it in the Northern Flank, the Crest, and the Southern Flank. And two things I'll say. Number one, the Northern Flank, the acreage is more checkerboarded. So we're drilling shorter laterals. And we have more near term lease obligations. And also is where the dry gas window is at the bottom of the Woodford. So you've seen some of our early capital tilted there. As we move to the Crest and to the Southern Flank, we move up the column. And actually at Alpine High, if you remember, it gets a little cooler in the Southern Flank, which will also yield more liquid and potential for oil. So I think you're going to see just the Woodford and the Barnett, as time moves on, they're going to get more oily. They're going to get more liquids rich. And they're going to get more rich gas. Secondly is, as we've stated there is a lot of proven oil; we've shown that. We had five parasequence wells. There will be more. And quite frankly, with our discretionary capital, we will continue to advance those. And so we've said all along that we plan conservatively with Alpine High. And it will get more oily as time progresses. And you'll see more from us.
John J. Christmann: Well, there's no doubt over time you will see more from us on the incremental side. It's going to be going in two places. It's going to be going into the oil zones at Alpine High. It'll also be going into the Midland Basin. And part of that, Doug, is making sure we have the infrastructure in place in both places, where we are maximizing the returns. Because in the end, it's the returns that matter more than the top-line oil production. And so the beautiful thing about Alpine High is, is that we have exposure to dry gas, wet gas, and obviously oil, and a lot of rich gas. And clearly, as we get the infrastructure in place, and we get more of the infrastructure in the Midland Basin in place, then we're going to have the flexibility to toggle and put that in incrementally, where we think it's going to drive the best returns.
John J. Christmann: Today, what we reiterated is our spending budget. And we came in a little hot, as we said, on the completion side. And if we were to change that, we would obviously come back and give you some guidance on that. But today, that's what our – we increased our guidance on our current CapEx budget. It is going to be a little more oily because of the performance that we're seeing. And clearly, we've got things that we can do. So it's a good situation.
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean clearly, Doug, you hit on one of the key points. I mean Egypt is great rock. It's kind of Permian with conventional delivery. And clearly with two discoveries, Ptah and Berenice, we're producing tremendous volumes over a three-year period and still are today, about 30,000 barrels a day. We think we see Egypt as a place where we can continue to grow the oil volume and grow the cash flow. And so we think it's a place we can have our cake and eat it too. And that's why we are investing in a new state-of-the-art 3D, and I think it will uncover many, many opportunities that we can tie back into infrastructure. So we see Egypt as an area that in the future we can do both, grow and grow the free cash flow.
John J. Christmann: Well, and finally, I'd like to thank you all for joining us today. I want to leave you with three key takeaways. First, Apache's off to a great start in 2018. We established a new Permian Basin production record, exceeded U.S. production guidance in the first quarter, and raised our outlook for the remainder of the year. Second, we are realizing greater capital efficiency through cost control and continuous productivity improvement. This is a direct outcome of our methodical approach to delineation and development, our application of technology, and our measured activity pace in the Permian Basin. And lastly, we are very pleased with our progress toward completion of an Alpine High midstream transaction, which will enable us to return additional capital to shareholders and/or increase our upstream investment program. That will include today's call. If you have any follow-up questions, please reach out to Gary and his team. And we look forward to reporting on our progress next quarter.
Stephen J. Riney: Yeah, hey, Bob. This is Steve. Well, the thing is we are continuing daily with the contracting strategy for gas out of the Permian Basin and Alpine High. You see in the supplement we have 91% of our gas production planned for 2018. That's either on firm transport or is into gas sales contracts that require taking that gas. So really only 9% of our production volume that we have planned for this year on the gas side in all of the Permian is at risk to any type of a takeaway capacity constraint. And we work on that daily. We're looking at more firm transport, more opportunity to get product out of Alpine High and get it into other basins. As you know, there's a lot of activity out there in the market on that. And we're very active in all of those types of conversations. And I would anticipate there will be more activity on that as we go through 2018 and into 2019. We're also looking at – we're also – there are option – we do have two large pipes going to Mexico that run to the north and to the south of Alpine High. And we are looking at options and possibilities on moving product on those as well.
Stephen J. Riney: Yeah, we're still working on that. We've got the Gulf Coast Express that'll be coming online in the third quarter of 2019. That'll take care of a lot of the growth after that point. And then we're continuing to work the contracting side of this. As long as we have firm contracts to move our product with customers and they have the transport capacity, then our product will move.
Stephen J. Riney: Yeah, sorry, Bob. I may have misled you on that on that comment. To be clear, our original timeline for starting up the first cryo unit was mid-2019. And we're simply looking at an option for bringing that forward in 2019, earlier in 2019. We won't have a cryo unit online before the end of 2018. That's for sure.
Stephen J. Riney: Yeah, they're all over the place. It's a whole portfolio of contracts, because this is the entire Permian Basin.
Stephen J. Riney: What we provided in this, and just to be really clear, is that any contract that expired or would expire during this year is included in the uncommitted – that portion of it is included in the uncommitted production wedge.
Timothy J. Sullivan: Yeah, just a little color to add to that. Really it's allowing us to maximize our available pump time. And the cost reduction, we're seeing about a $220,000 cost reduction per mile of lateral length. So it's very significant. And then of course it reduces the time it takes to get our wells back online. But we've done early results, we've done dip-in fiber, and we've done some modeling work. And we're seeing equivalent or better inflow from these wells. And another thing that we've done also is we paid very close attention to our pad moves. And we've been able to take 20 hours off our pad moves from rigging down to moving to rigging back up. And with 42 pads a year, that's about two months of frac crew time that we can eliminate.
Timothy J. Sullivan: Yeah, Michael. First of all, we're very excited about the well. There have not been a lot of Wolfcamp C wells drilled to date. Keep in mind that this is just a mile lateral and had good 30-day IP. But we've mapped the Wolfcamp C. And we've got tens of thousands of acres underlying it. So we feel very comfortable that we're going to have quite a bit of inventory that will spin off from this. But as I mentioned, it's very early days, and we're still evaluating.
Timothy J. Sullivan: Yeah, we're going to evaluate this well right now. This is at Azalea. And we've got other areas that we do want to test the Wolfcamp C as well.
