Doug Leggate: Some companies can give me some problems. John, I'm going to start with Egypt if I may. I'm sure you saw the report we put out a month or so ago. One of your smaller peers has been a little bit more transparent on the potential changes in terms from the PSC modernization. So one of those conceptually, you could walk us through how are you see the moving parts as it relates to increased profit oil and in particular, the potential for legacy stranded capital cost recovery. If you could put some maybe a range of potential impacts on your assuming similar terms applied.
Doug Leggate: Okay. I understand. Let me move on very quickly to my second question, which is understandably Suriname. You've got a well test, I guess you drilled out the fox about 3.5 weeks ago. John, I guess I'm a little surprised that you're not ready to give us some updates there or on Bonboni, where our guys on the ground are suggesting that you'd already in the formation era. So I'm just wondering if you can offer any color around those 2 pieces of potential news flow that we expect, I guess in the coming months, now we get there. Thank you.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. My follow-up is a real quick one for clarification. Cheniere is your contract kicking in pari - passu with their 3rd Corpus Christi development, which is not even FID-ed yet. My understanding was that that contract to become effective middle of next year. Can you just offer some clarification on the timing? And maybe what you would expect that the ultimate tooling costs to be for you guys.
John Christmann: Well, Doug, it's a great question. And you know, from our perspective, we are the largest onshore producer in Egypt. You've hit on some of the key points. We've made the decision not to give more color on that until it's finalized. I will tell you that the modernized PSC has recently been approved by the cabinet and it has moved on to Parliament. So we're getting close and we expect it to everything's on track for a year end approval. But in terms of anymore color you've done a good piece of work out there. And I'll let Steve comment on a couple of things.
John Christmann: Great question. I'll address Sahakara Sal South first. Number 1 you can appreciate that there's multiple phases of a flow test that you go through and sometimes even more important than the flow period is the buildup and the pressure response and all of those things. So it's early. I will just tell you save your question. I'm not in a position to reveal anything on it today, but hold your the question and we'll be able to respond in the near future. So is returned to Bonboni? Yes, there's Total's got two rigs, the developers of Sapakara South. The value in is at Bonboni I will remind everybody it's 45 kilometer step-out to the North, It is a key well. And I think the prospectivity up there will -- will inform the Northern portion of the block, as well as have some implications on Block 53. So once again, I'm not in a position to provide any update but I would just stay tuned, right? So and we'll be in a position to update you when we can.
John Christmann: When you look at our U.S. program, we've got 2 rigs in the southern Midland Basin. We picked up another 1 that's in the Chalk now. We've indicated we will be adding another rig, probably middle of next year, which will put us 3 that will go to Permian. And quite frankly then we envision those rigs working those assets in tandem. We're in pad drilling. You will be seeing those move. And what the time it takes on the unconventional side to mobilize a rig, drill pads, and see production. Your short-term windows are benefiting from those right now at Alpine High with the dokcs that we did earlier, right? So I think you're going to see our very well thought out efficient capital program in the U.S., where we're moving those rigs around those place based on the, how we've laid the inventory out in the infrastructure, so we can maximize those returns. But there is a portion of the Altice piece if we sell the -- sell down shares that we do put in there, but it will all fit into our framework. So it's nice to have quality inventory and options, because then we can just really plan it out and be thoughtful, but you'll see activity across our Permian next year in a very thoughtful way.
John Christmann: Mike, it's a good question. I will tell you that at [Indiscernible] it was a big step out. We know it looked a little different in terms of the signature. So we knew there was more risk to it. But there is work to do at Cadcassie, in closer. But I think from the priorities, it will all be put into is your working across all the discoveries and the appraisal program. We're integrating data. We've prioritized for the appraisal there things that you would be what I'll call lower GOR black oil that you could potentially fast-track. And so we're working those in a queue based on the learnings, we've integrated everything in. Some of that will come to one of the reasons why crab to go is the next exploration well. It's in the neighborhood and we like the way it looks. So I think it's all part of an integrated plan.
John Christmann: Yes, Bob, you look today and this is the commodities, right? I mean steel is up, where we've got fuel. Your power costs, you are people costs. But it's really steel and people, is how we frame it. And we have factored some of that into that capital number, as we look at our programs. And then we try to get ahead on the purchases. And so, if you get into the middle of '22, it is baked into our capital numbers.
John Christmann: The other thing I would add, Bob, is some of the targeted divestments have man on our higher water cuts. From Basin Platform properties where we're burning more energy and moving more fluid and those types of things are helping our numbers too in terms of what we're targeting. So there's -- we're trying to be really smart about the portfolio and factoring all those in.
John Christmann: One comment from me is, not only do we have the operated rig, but we're also amount up on some of Magnolia's operations, so there's quite a bit of data. Dave, I'll let you jumped in.
John Christmann: Clearly, we've been gradually ramping, right? We went from 5 -- we started the year around 5 rigs, we went to 8, now we are at 11. The plan would be to go up another step. I don't see us going back -- needing to go back to where we once were in the mid-20 range. But it will -- it's going to turn the corner. We've been under -- slightly under-investing in Egypt for quite a number of years. And definitely we'll turn the trajectory the other way, which is what Egypt wants. And quite frankly, part of the overall win-win that 's in this for Egypt and APA.
John Christmann: Mike actually, we sold some Central Basin Platform properties earlier this year that were higher costs, higher water cut, later life in the country for having a portfolio for a long long time. What I call some of the legacy. You can anticipate more of those types of assets is probably what would make sense.
John Christmann: Thank you. And before ending today's call, I'd like to leave you with the three following points. First, we're taking prudent and appropriate steps now to increase our capital investment to a level that will enable us to sustain production on a global basis for many years. Our portfolio offers considerable depth and flexibility to do this efficiently. Second, we're generating substantial free cash flow in this environment, which we currently estimate will be around $2 billion for the full-year 2021 and again in 2022. And lastly, we are committed to returning a minimum of 60% of our free cash flow via dividends and share buybacks. And we're demonstrating our commitment to this process right now in the Fourth Quarter. Thank you for participating in our call today. Operator, I'll turn it over to you.
Stephen Riney: Yeah. Doug, the thing I would add to that, based on your work, you've demonstrated, you understand how the PSC's work. The backlog -- while we haven't indicated exactly how much that is, the mechanism to recover that, is that it is the backlog would be -- and we've shared this publicly already. The backlog would be recovered over a 5 year period on a quarterly basis. And that backlog would roll into the other costs for cost recovery. So it is all subject -- to sum of all of that, is subject to the 40% limit on cost recovery barrels. the benefit -- the real benefit as you've noted in your right out is that by aggregating all of these into a single bucket for cost recovery purposes, you don't end up with stranded costs in any of the smaller buckets and that will allow us to get this backlog of cost recovered as well especially in this price environment.
Stephen Riney: Yeah, Doug. I think I need to be really careful about that. So I think we won't comment on it at this point in time.
Stephen Riney: Yeah. Only on the [Indiscernible] that. Thanks for the question because I think it is important to share some of the context around the framework that we've rolled out today. And I think John framed it exactly right in terms of the history of where we've been. I think if you just step back and think about the industry, it wasn't too long ago that the industry was all about growth and really, little or no returns to shareholders. More recently, we've finally gotten to where it's about moderated growth ambitions and really starting to roll out these returns frameworks. And I think the big step right now is to figure out well, what's the right return framework? And I'd say it's early days for the industry in general and we're all figuring that out now that returns frameworks right now are migrating towards a percent of free cash flow and I think that's probably good. Ranges out there pretty broad. I see ranges from 25% all the way up to 75%. We're probably going to find a sweet spot in there. And I think it's starting to migrate towards somewhere around 50% as an industry for APA specifically. I mean, we just took a significant step in improving the capital structure of the Company with the debt tender this fall and that was a 100% focused on debt reduction. We know there's more to do on the Balance Sheet and we'll get to that. But to be clear, we still want to get to investment-grade, that can take some time and that's okay. We do have to just recognize that, shareholders are pretty important too and we need to find a balance in returns to share holders, while at the same time continuing to improve the Balance Sheet. And the industry has chosen 50%, because they're kind of migrating towards that. We chose 60%. We think this is the right balance, or ACA. We have a quality diversified portfolio. It's exposed to a good range of commodity price and geographic mix. It's capable of sustaining free cash flow for many many years. And remember free cash flow, the basis for the return's circulation is after capital spending. We've been improving the Balance Sheet. We can still continue to strengthen the Balance Sheet up to 40%. Still available for other uses including debt reduction, but I'd say in the near-term, we certainly have a bias for dividends and buybacks. And remember also we did talk about, in my prepared remarks, we talked about the fact that we're going to probably pick up the pace on non-core asset sales and that's also a source of funds for continuing to strengthen the balance sheet, but also for potentially for more returns to shareholders as well. So we feel pretty good about that balance and the 60% level. As John indicated, we don't -- we're not particular fans of the variable dividends at this point in time. We will consider -- will keep -- we'll continue to look at that for the future and consider how the market reacts to those. I think the variable dividend needs to be in general, a smaller piece. And just in terms of balancing dividends versus buybacks, for now we're just happy to lean into buybacks. We believe our share price is too low. We've been discounting for several months now greater than 25% free cash flow yield, one of the highest in the peer group. We don't believe our base cash flow generating capacity is actually fully appreciated by the market. And we need to continue to work on that. We know that. But for now the share price is just too low, so we will continue with leaning in on the buybacks. We know we need to have a competitive ordinary dividend yield. And it needs to be competitive against other E&P s as well as the broader market. And I think that's probably higher than what we see is the typical 2% ordinary dividend yield we see today. And we'll figure that out and it's about getting to a balance around what's the right strength of Balance Sheet that certainly is spending to something stronger. But also what price are we going to base all of that on, because I think it's a valid question is to what we all think mid-cycle price is now. We'll get on with raising the dividend as well. We just need to be thoughtful about that. It was only 18 months ago that we cut the dividend by 90% and that was a pretty painful process. We're going to make sure we don't put ourselves in a situation where we have to do something like that again. Probably more than you added for, but I wanted to take the opportunity to lay out a lot of context around the returns framework.
Stephen Riney: Well, if the share price stays roughly where it is, and that'll be the outcome, yes. And if oil prices stay where they are.
Stephen Riney: No. Those assets came out of Fieldwood, so the Legacy Fieldwood Company is now a Company called Quarter North. And they don't own the old Fieldwood assets that Apache had sold to them. Those came out and went into an interview that we now call Tom Shelf. There is a person that's contract managing those assets because there are assets that are still producing. But the contract today is in place with Quarter North, the old field with organization to operate those assets for us, and we will continue to evaluate whether that's the best long-term situation.
Stephen Riney: We'd have to ask the lawyers that of whether we can operate those assets or not. I believe there's some issues with us being able to operate them. But I doubt that we would take over operatorship of those assets at this point in time. These are -- so there are -- the nature of the assets there, there's the -- a large inventory of properties that came out of Fieldwood. A number of them are in abandonment activity today. And a number of them -- a smaller number of them are operating and still generating free cash flow. And I won't go through the details unless somebody wants me to, but we booked a net, $1.2 billion liability on our balance sheet. That's the gross abandonment obligation, less the free cash flows that we see coming out of those assets for their remaining life. And then we also booked on the asset side of our Balance Sheet $740 million of various forms of financial security that we have in place to fund that abandonment obligations. So a net liability on our part, a net obligation of about 450 million, that obligation won't --we won't -- we won't actually start funding anything on that obligation until 2026 at the soonest, in terms of costs that could be incurred, that we wouldn't have any form of reimbursement for. And then that would carry over for about 5 or 6 years after 2026 in terms of that
Stephen Riney: situation. The present value of all of those costs today are about 250 million. Guess we had to book an undiscounted number of the 450 million. The other thing I just might comment on is that the way we went about doing the work, because we only got access to the raw data behind all of this in August and we've been scouring through that since we got that. We've looked hard at abandonment costs and we've looked at -- the 2nd priority was to look at the operating assets and the cash flow from the PDPs on those. And then the 3rd priority was to look at the capital investment opportunities, because any assets like these are going to have uphold recompletion opportunities and things like that. That was the third priority and we really haven't gotten through all of those. There are literally hundreds of capital investment opportunities. We got to the ones that, we think -- we thought were the highest priorities seemed like the best opportunities. And so those are included in the free cash flows. But we think there are more. We think that, there are opportunities to reduce the operating and overhead costs in the PDPs and we believe there are probably more opportunities in investment side that, we just haven't been able to get to yet. So we'll be -- we should be watching for those over the coming quarters. And that has a decent chance of possibly bringing that $450 million liability down over time. And that would also decrease obviously, the present value of that opportunity.
Stephen Riney: So just to get a bit of color on that, Doug, I think again, I think our shares are trading at a pretty meaningful discount today. They have improved over the last month or so and that no doubt as part of the purpose of the buyback. But we believe there's still trading at a meaningful discount relative to the price environment we find ourselves in. And we just think that's, for long-term shareholders, that's one of the better investment opportunities we can make, so we'll continue doing that. As long as the free Cash Flow holds up. So that's why we say it's a minimum of 60%.
Stephen Riney: Yes we're just going to remain noncommittal on what the buybacks, and for that matter, the other 40% can go to the -- I mean the disposal proceeds and the other 40% of free Cash flow because we'll deal with that as it occurs. Could go to Balance Sheet strengthening, could go to more buybacks, could raise the dividend quicker. We've got -- we've got a number of things on the horizon with Egypt modernization also occurring. So we've got a lot of things still ahead of us here.
Stephen Riney: We will reassure them of the same thing that we've talked about here today. We're still going to have plenty of free cash flow to do further balance sheet improvements and [Indiscernible] from asset disposals, if we need to do that and if we feel like that's the best thing to do at the point in time.
Stephen Riney: Yes, I can certainly comment on the first part of that. Our contract is, while it was in the context of FID in another project, it's not contractually tied to any project. And so it's just a contract that, starts in 2023 and runs for 15 years. A 140 million cubic feet a day, and Schneer has an option to bring that forward one year to start it in mid 2022, July of 2022. And we were waiting to see if they will exercise that option.
David Pursell: Yes. This is David Pursell, good question. So remember on the Chalk we talked about drawing a handful of wells in our Brazes County acreage position. One, because we're trying to maintain optionality. We -- we've had significant experience a bit to the West and the Washington County area and we had a decent acreage position put together and wanted to hold it together and we liked what we've seen so far. It's consistent with the geology we've seen in Washington County in well results. And so we really just want to leverage that experience. We liked what we saw and felt like it was time to put a rig there and continue to progress that position. The thing to remember it's near infrastructure. There's a lot of pipe infrastructure in the area. It's less than a 100 miles from Houston Ship Channel. So we're getting Henry Hub pricing and LLS pricing for the crude. The GORs are little bit higher than what you typically see in the Permian. So there's a little bit of a gas component too, which we like in these markets. So for us it was a pretty easy decision on the Chalk. The extra rig we talked about, the incremental rig in the middle of 2022. I think it's important to point out, first of all, as you -- as we think about adding another rig, it's harder to stand up a rig quickly, it's a couple of quarters to from the time you make that decision till the time you're turning to the right just because of long lead items in supply chain issues and to make sure that we have everything we need to keep that rig running. I think John highlighted that there is a lot to do in the Permian. We have two rigs in the southern Midland Basin. We have a lot of development inventory that we're not getting to, which includes Alpine High and we have a lot of good opportunities for that rig and we'll post John those in February that you can imagine that Alpine would be on that list of places we'd be looking to drill next year.
David Pursell: Bob, I think the beauty of the diverse portfolio is we have the ability to flex that. And so I'm going to give you a non-answer because it really depends on where commodity markets go. Obviously, we've got a very constructive crude market and our gas markets is becoming more constructive. We'd like to see the back end of the gas curve strengthen a little bit from here. But again with the diverse portfolio, both diverse in the Permian and diverse globally, we have the ability to flex and move, and take advantage of commodity markets across the globe. So I'll leave it at that, but we're getting -- we're watching the forward curve on gas let's just leave it at that.
David Pursell: The only thing I'd add is if you think about the type of drilling that we did in Egypt, its vertical wells. It's more commodity drilling compared to what we're doing in the Permian where a lot of the well cost is really on the completion side. So just less I think John hit it, there's less inflation in Egypt and astray just because of the type of wells that we tend to drill day in and day out.
David Pursell: Yeah. It's good question. The way -- on the Brazos County side, we haven't really talked yet about the sides of this, but there is some -- I wouldn't call it exploration, but there is some additional delineation work we're doing to see how big this could be. But when we look at it, there's easily over five rig years worth of development to do in this one spot. So again, we're leveraging a lot of our knowledge on the work we've done over in the Washington County area as operator and as John suggested, a fairly significant non-op position. We'll leave it at that.
David Pursell: Yes, John, this is Dave. We look for that as we get into 2022 and really kind of hone in on where that additional rigs are going to focus. But you're right. I mean, it's not just gas price and cost structure. We've done some things on performance, on some of the docks with spacing as well as its prac design and some of those wells are in the public domain and the results are very, very good and certainly exceeded our expectations. So there's a number of factors that would drive us to really focus on Alpine as well as some of the other opportunities out there.
