John J. Christmann IV: Thank you, Steve. I would like to sum up by emphasizing that 2018 has been an exceptional year thus far in terms of strategic progress and operational execution. The capital efficiency of our drilling and completion programs is improving throughout the Permian Basin. We are running at an optimized activity level and pace demonstrating good cost discipline and generating high rates of return. At Alpine High, now we have our primary infrastructure in place and are in the early stages of a significant long-term value accretive production ramp. We are seeing some excellent well results and our cryogenic processing is on track for a mid 2019 start-up, which will drive a significant increase in liquids production, cash margins and returns. In the Midland and Delaware Basins, our wells are outperforming and unconventional oil production is the primary driver of our U.S. production guidance increase this year. Notably, in less than one year, we have completely replaced the 50,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day of the vested Canadian production with Permian volumes. This strategic portfolio rotation is positively impacting our margins and is a great example of Apache's returns-focused portfolio approach. We continue to generate substantial free cash flow in Egypt and the North Sea as these regions benefit from premium Brent crude prices as well as higher realized NGL and natural gas prices than the U.S. And lastly, I know that many of you are curious about the status of our midstream business. We have been engaged in a very thoughtful and deliberate process with regard to creating and realizing value for our Alpine High midstream assets. As you have seen in our recent announcements, we have secured equity options in five transportation projects that will move oil, gas and NGL to the Gulf Coast from the Permian Basin. These options are very strategic for Alpine High, Apache and the Delaware Basin in general. We have worked the timing of these options to coincide with consummation of a larger midstream transaction to leverage their fully integrated value potential. We are in the advanced stages of a transaction that we anticipate will close before year-end and we'll come back to you with more details on this as soon as practical. And with that, we will turn the call over to Q&A.
John J. Christmann IV: Bob, good morning. It's a great question. I will tell you that we are early in changing the completions, as we've alluded to. That's one of the reasons on the capital side. We now have enough data going back to last year that confirms some of the strategic testing on the larger fracs is making a bigger impact as well. And so we're kind of shifting gears and we're early in those and for now I want to leave those because our location counts all kind of tie back to that. But we will be coming back with, as we get some more of these wells on and we do some more testing, you're going to see numbers go up as the productivity improves. So we'll come back to you with those and update, in general, the whole impact of that.
John J. Christmann IV: EUR per foot, I can tell you, we're seeing is translating pretty equivalently. So the longer laterals are going up on the lateral side, but I think with the opportunity to see even more changes is going to be on the completion designs which we're about to start doing on some of these pads. So for now, lateral foots, you can probably translate to what we've shown. But we'll come back to you when we've got more data to prove it.
John J. Christmann IV: And, Bob, I'll add to what Tim just said. If you go back, I mean we realized in early May we were running into it was going to create some challenges. And the good news is, we set a frac crew down in the Midland basis for two months, both June and July, and still been able to come in ahead of guidance on the numbers. So I really have got to give a lot of credit to the operational folks and the teams for the progress that we're making. And we said this would happen. I mean this goes back to the strategic testing we did last fall when we started doing pads on half section tests in the Midland Basin, you're seeing those results and now you're seeing us also doing similar things at Alpine High. So really, really credit to the field folks and the engineers and technical support.
John J. Christmann IV: Well, I mean in a lot of ways you just kind of answered your question. But I'll say a few words here, a little more than in the prepared remarks. We're deep in the process and we are very confident that we will get something done by year-end. Clearly the number one objective has been to remove capital from where it's competing directly with our upstream capital, which and moving it into a separate funding vehicle, which we will do. The second thing, as you pointed out, we want to maintain as much of this enterprise as possible purely because number one, I think everybody's going to figure out that it's much more valuable to Alpine High, to Apache, and even the whole Delaware Basin than people realize. And secondly, we see that value as growing and accreting significantly over the next several years. So we'd like to hang on to as much of it is possible from that standpoint. On the timing, we've had to kind of coincide this with some of the equity options that we've been announcing and as we alluded to in the comments, there's now five of them, so we've kind of had to run those in parallel paths. But we're now deep into the throes and clearly we want to be able to hang on to as much of it as possible.
John J. Christmann IV: I think that's just kind of in the round off. I mean the big thing is capital is actually going up in the North Sea with Garten as we now have 100% of it. But the other thing is, some of it's timing of the Ocean Patriot and we've reset that rig contract now to a significantly lower number than we've been burdened with the last three years. So it's kind of getting caught in the round off there, but it actually has gone up as we accelerate Garten on the capital side.
John J. Christmann IV: Well, Charles, I'll say it's dynamic. I mean, first thing is as you know, this is 12 wells in the Woodford in a half section. So this would translate into a full section of 24 Woodford wells only, which is a lot. They're on 660 foot spacing. We are not seeing any interference. I will tell you, it's is very, very dynamic and we're very early. In fact, we went to print yesterday with our numbers and this morning, the Blackfoot now is at 102 million a day from the 93 that we had in there. So that shows you kind of the trajectory that it's on. We still do not have everything unloaded. So it's climbing very well. It's performing very strongly, so we're very, very excited about what we're seeing. And changing quickly, so tomorrow I'd have a different answer for you.
John J. Christmann IV: Well, I mean, it's exciting because now we've got data and we've been deliberate on those tests. And as you've correctly noted, we weren't moving many dials, except one usually for a reason, so we have a good baseline. It's clear to us now that we're going to be increasing the frac size. It's clear to us that we can go tighter with the current frac designs. And now, we're moving into the pattern and spacing tests, where we're testing things between zones, between formations, both aerially, spatially and so forth. And so, now you'll see us start to move some of those dials as we crank up the completions. So we'll continue the very deliberate process. It just takes time to do it right. If you jump out there and go drill too many wells and pump too big of fracs and you get a lot of interference, then you got to go back and try to figure out how you unwind that. And so, what we've been is very deliberate with it and we're moving into that next phase. And we've got a plan. We've stuck to it and you're starting to see the benefit come and we're really excited about the results and the learnings that we continue to incorporate.
John J. Christmann IV: Well, I haven't seen the new data. I've seen snippets of the new data. We've actually compared it to some of the 2013 vintage stuff. I'm looking at one of my ops guys over here, but I will tell you, I've heard now we're seeing some fault lines in some of our existing fields, which probably sets up more drilling, so you could see some things at Ptah, Berenice. I'll be over there in the fairly near future. We'll get to review some things, but we're excited about it. It's what we thought it would be. It helps us see image better, the subsurface, which is going to lead to more wells, stronger results and a better understanding. And plus, we're going to have a better handle on some of the recoveries and things. So, it's a whole new lens and it's going to be very helpful.
John J. Christmann IV: Jeoff, obviously, we could make it look however we want to look. I mean, we could take a lot of cash out. We could eliminate capital and we could make the effective date whenever, whatever we want that date to be. So we've made pretty clear in here that our CapEx guide for the year-end still includes 100% of the midstream spend. We've made it clear that getting something done could pull some of that back and there's opportunity there. So I'll just say wait with us. It's going to have an impact but wait with us until we're in a position to disclose more because we're deep in the process, so.
John J. Christmann IV: It was a little bit of the midstream that we were looking at trying to accelerate cryo, but as we've said, most of the two thirds of the CapEx increase is going into drilling completions and it's new activity. When we made very clear that two thirds of it's new activity that will be incremental. Most of it is this back half of the year, which is why it'll impact 2019 and 2020. There's a little bit of impact on 2018, but not much. There has been a little bit of inflation, about I'd say just under 20% is, and we budgeted a 10% to 15% rise, but anything that has to do with trucking, people, steel, or chemicals, there are some headwinds out there. And so there's a portion of it that's tied to that. And then we mentioned some on the exploration side, so. But most of it's new activity and two-thirds of it in Permian and it's new activity.
John J. Christmann IV: John, everything we're gathering, we're recycling. And the beauty of our transgressive source center rolls, it doesn't produce very much. So it's really the frac water that we're gathering. We produce it back, is load, and then we recycle it and reuse it. So I'll let Tim jump in on some more details.
John J. Christmann IV: Well, I mean if you look at the wet gas, dry gas, the breakevens on the wet gas are still going to be much better just because of the amount of the liquids. So it won't really change the pecking order there, but what it really changes is is number of wells we need to drill and some of those things in terms of the plan. So it can change the cadence and the sequence as you look at the capital that's going to the, what we'll call, retention wells versus the impact wells.
John J. Christmann IV: Well, I mean I think if you look at our Permian, Brian, we've been running 17 rigs since the second quarter of last year. And so we're at what we think's a pretty darn good baseload. Clearly the frac efficiencies took a step function forward and we've seen that. Now we're seeing the drilling time and the footage take a step function move forward, so this is a continual ebb and flow as you continue to get better reduced cycle times and so forth. But if you step back and look at our program and then you look at the results over the last year, Permian's up 39% year-over-year and oil's up 25% year-over-year and we've been pretty steady on the program. So what's changing at Alpine High is the completion design and more on the spacing tests, but when you look at the size program we're running, you look at the size cash engine that we're building to fund it, those are the things you have to factor in and you have to continue to integrate your learnings and be continuous improvement. And we stress to our folks to continue to get better in everything we do. And so you're going to have times where we're going to have to make adjustments as we continue to incorporate learnings. But it was a pretty easy call here as we look at what the engine for this thing looks like going into 2019.
John J. Christmann IV: Well, I mean I don't think you can assume everything on the free cash side goes to budget, right? I mean what we're trying to do with our efficiency programs and what you've seen with the size is ultimately it's returns and value driven. And so that's the big factor. I mean, you look at our activity, it's really hasn't changed and it's not going to change much going into the fall. We've got to sprinkle a few rigs in to kind of keep it there with the frac crews and so forth. But we're getting to a point in the, we get the midstream deal done in the very near future with the engine that we've built that we actually see free cash flow. And it puts us in a position where we can start to truly, for the first time since coming out of this downturn, we can look now at other things to do. And those are things that we're very excited about because we can see a pathway to it, pretty near future.
John J. Christmann IV: Well, a couple things, Leo, and thanks for the question. I mean, number one, I'll address them kind of in the order. On the unconventional side in the U.S., there's not a lot of dollars. What we're looking for there is large impact, large scale opportunities that are in various stages that we could acquire at low cost. And much like when we put something like Alpine High together, we put together 350,000 acres out there for less than $1,300 an acre. So it would be those types of things, but there's not a lot of capital at this stage but if you're looking in the right places, it doesn't take a lot of capital to go a long way. So not a position to say a lot more than that, but we do have some things we're working on on the unconventional side. As it relates to Suriname, clearly what we've said, we've got 2 blocks in the offshore there, Block 58, we own 100%. It's about 1.4 million acres. We have 45% of Block 53. We will definitely commence a program in 2019 and we've started to purchase the long lead items. We got the 3D back and we're very, very excited about the potential. We're on trend with the success that's happened across the water boundary in Guyana and it's exploration that could be very, very impactful for Apache and currently today we own 100% of it.
John J. Christmann IV: Well, I mean I think the key for us, Doug, is number one, all the activity, all the gas coming on has been very beneficial for Egypt, which is a good thing, and that translates into the country's just financial wherewithal. So things are going extremely well. I think the key for us is, is we've been able to pick up new concessions for the first time since 2006. We're shooting a large 3D. We're in between areas where we know there are big structures and really, really fertile ground. So we're very excited about that. We're excited about the opportunity to continue to grow the free cash flow and we think we can be in a position to also grow our volumes in Egypt, and especially on the oil side. So I think in general, it's a very promising environment for Apache and things are going extremely well and we're very excited about the future.
John J. Christmann IV: All the concessions are, you bid those. The thing I will say is, is we've kind of stuck to our guns historically, which is why you went through a drought where others came in and picked up other concessions. We've stuck to our guns in terms of how we've approached it. So we feel good about that. We feel good about the new concessions, and we like the terms.
John J. Christmann IV: Well, we have just a tremendous resource. And as we've said on today's call, we would tend to the high side of the previous guidance that we gave earlier this year. And clearly, productivity is improving. Wells are performing extremely well. We're shifting to pads. So I would just steer to the high side numbers as it relates to 2019 is what we've said now and we'll come back with some updated numbers as the year moves along.
John J. Christmann IV: Thank you all. I just want to wrap up and like to leave you with three key takeaways from today's call. First Apache had another great quarter. We exceeded guidance and raised our 2018 outlook. Second, looking ahead to 2019 and 2020, there is a significant upside bias to our production outlook due to the added capital, which will benefit primarily 2019 and 2020, the capital efficiency improvements and strong well performance all in our Permian Basin. Additionally, total capital spending is likely to come down in 2018 to 2020 with the completion of our midstream transaction. And lastly, at Alpine High, we are seeing very good results from our strategic tests and production growth has entered the acceleration phase. I look forward to sharing our ongoing progress with you in the future.
Timothy J. Sullivan: Bob, a lot of it is just operational efficiencies. On the completions side, we've really been able to reduce our pump time substantially. We're drilling out our plugs even quicker and we've even made progress just on frac crew moves. And this is related to, it's given us a 20% reduction in our cycle time, which is on a mile and half lateral is about $400,000 savings. So it's primarily just completion efficiencies.
Timothy J. Sullivan: Yeah, on the Lynch pad, it's an 8 well pad that's in the Wolfcamp B. And this was really a spacing test. We did some 10-bys and 8-bys in this pad, 7,300 foot lateral length. And you can see the rates are good, 1,275 barrels of oil equivalent per day and mostly oil from the IP. And we continue to do spacing tests. We've got another 10 wells that are online and some of them are Wildfire as well, very early stages of flow back, but they are on 6-by spacing. So we'll share results with you about that next quarter. But these are spacing test wells in the Wolfcamp B and we're going to compare them to 6-by next quarter.
Timothy J. Sullivan: Yeah, we've currently got five water recycling facilities out there and we are currently recycling about 90% of our produced water right now. That really is only about half of our frac water needs currently. So we do have to have makeup water and we do use brackish source for that. But by year-end, we feel like we'll be able to utilize about 80% of recycled water for our fracs.
Timothy J. Sullivan: Yeah, I mean, we only have seven sections there. It's not like it's a big area, so it's fairly consistent. We've got two proven landing zones. We will be testing two additional landing zones out there. We brought 20 wells online here in the first half, 11 in the second quarter, and they're about 1,500 BOE per day. And these are just mile laterals, actually 4,400 foot laterals. So it's been a very, very economically attractive program for us. So we think we've still got a pretty bright future for the next couple years.
