Steve Farris: Pearce, it’s really something we continually do as we look at this and some areas we picked up some acreage, some areas we have let it little bit go. So I think that’s the dynamics of what we are doing. Also in the plays we’re chasing we’ll be acquiring. So it’s a little bit of everything and I think we will outline that in great detail in a couple of weeks at the Analyst Day.
Steve Farris: We continue to the business as we build critical math and we’re in the low 40 rig count the Permian for mid part of last year. So I think it’s something we got people in place we got relationships in place, we’ve kept frac crews and drilling rigs busy. So that’s been very good. I think in general we see cost trending now and they are flat right now in terms of service. A lot of that at this point is going to be driven by efficiencies. Producing days are just getting better and the exploits we continue to do every day.
Steve Farris: Again we looked at the detail of the chart, I would assume that it’s one of our Wheatstone project and also we built the plant in (inaudible) it’s a best plant in (inaudible) it’s probably the uptick. The vast majority of it would be associated with our Wheatstone LNG in Australia.
Steve Farris: When I was talking about its repositioning, we are probably out. In terms of what we set out to do several years ago actually is North America went to work is centerpiece of our growth because we have over 3 million acres in the Permian, we have over 2 million acres in the Anadarko Basin and we have some plays in South Texas, we have some plays in Canada. And that’s going to attract most of the capital, but it really taking about is the base in terms of either having assets that can grow or assets that provide cash flow and if they can’t do either, that’s not going to be part of the portfolio.
Steve Farris: No. I think I said in my prepared remarks, we view our stock as a good investment price now. I think our average price was probably around 85 bucks or little. I don’t have that in front of me.
Steve Farris: David, I think where we ended the fourth quarter was about 50-50 on the terms of what you see out there. We did start dropping some vertical rigs in the third quarter as we transitioned and picked up some verticals. Right now, we’re running slightly more horizontals and verticals and I would anticipate that trend moving forward. We’ll get into the details at the Analyst Day as we start looking forward.
Steve Farris: Well, I will tell you with Chevron as our Partner and Chevron is leading that effort. The downstream and the pipeline is now operated by Chevron, really part of the marketing. We have a dual marketing agreement but certainly Chevron with their knowledge and history in the market is leading that. I can tell you we continue to talk to people more than just slightly. I think what we said, I know I said it in Goldman this -- this year is a year. We got to rightsize the size of Kitimat in our portfolio and that could come several different ways. One is with a Sinopec buyer taking an interest across the board. But I happen to read, John Watson’s comment in Chevron’s year end conference call. Certainly it is a big asset for them and it is a big asset for us.
Steve Farris: Well, certainly let me kind of answer that directly. We’re going to show a lot of that on the 26th of February. But what we’ve been up to over the last three years is to make those certainly the Permian and Central region and some of the other things we’re doing in North America, the center piece of our growth. So we would expect to continue to be able to grow on Permian, Central and our overall onshore North American assets.
Steve Farris: It’s a situation that is for us. It was 3% or 4% of our reserve, 3% or 4% of our production. And if you think about the opportunities that we have in North American onshore and you think about bringing that money forward, what we can do with, it made all the sense in the world, John.
Steve Farris: Yeah. What we have said is we want assets that generates substantial cash flow. We want assets that can grow. In the North Sea, we’ve been able to generate quite a bit of excess cash flow while keeping it relatively quiet. But one thing I would say, the difference between that and Gulf of Mexico we were facing about $250 million a year of abandonment liability because of the change in the laws, because of Macondo, so it was time to divest that asset.
Steve Farris: What we have on the books right now is our assets going forward and we think we have tremendous potential to grow where we are.
Steve Farris: I think that the uptick that we have seen in the fourth quarter is largely a timing thing. We had a fairly slow process in getting new development leases approved, but what’s that happened at the beginning in the year of the third quarter we had that uptick in production and you are seeing all the new discoveries coming online at this point in time. That’s the explanation to that.
Steve Farris: When you look at Delaware Basin position, we have picked up a lot of that through BP and so we do some metals which has some lower interest and the good news is we’ve got high nets. There is an update to the operational supplement that Chaparral 89 #101H, it’s a 3rd Bone Spring horizontal. We had opened the chokes as well as the numbers in the report are flowing, it’s now making 972, it’s kind of a peak on the oil side at 3.4 million for boe a day of 1,375 and 30 day average now is over 1,000 barrels a day. We have got another one in the Shelf and we have the demonstrated staying on. So we are excited about the Delaware and which is our acreage position, it’s taken us a little longer to accomplish some things together and get some critical mass so we can clear in a position to drill horizontally in there.
Steve Farris: Yeah. I -- its small gas assets that are just scattered around the South Texas, they are just cleaned up.
Steve Farris: I mean which is drilling in so we are drilling quite a few well in that part of the world right now.
Steve Farris: It’s a timing issue, I mean I think now what we have found is with five rigs running out there currently right now, we now have to drill sections and some buffer before we go on and complete the lot of wells. So it’s just a simple timing issue of when you bring those pads on, I mean right now with the section where we laid out four uppers and four lowers, we think we can get those on with five to six rigs running and two frac crews in about 90 to 120 days. And so it’s purely a timing issue of brining production on.
Steve Farris: We will go into more of that on Analyst Day, but I mean right now that’s kind of where we are, but I think as you look the unconventional, just like conventional in Permian you know you have been in for drilling for 50 years in this type rock. And when you look at the unconventional, they are even tighter. So I think there is going to be room to continue downspacing as we go forward.
Steve Farris: No, I think we stand by our statement. What we are going into 2014 now with the Argentina now I will tell you, Argentina was the long-term company, we have worked on that for a months and months and months, but in terms of assets that we have right now as stands Argentina and stands the Canadian gas package, small Canadian gas package, I don’t want to over-emphasize that, I just want to bring up that we have couple of other things marketing out there. The assets which you see right now, the assets we are going to go forward with and I will be real honest with you, I am extremely excited about what we are today.
Steve Farris: Well, Jeff, Oldham County specifically, we’ve got a really nice block of acreage out there. We got three rigs running right now. We’re drilling second third most rigs both, as well as in Wolfcamp. So we’ve got a play that we feel really good about in there and the numbers are starting to show and that Shelf well that is update to be honest, one of the third Bone Springs that we brought on in December. So the nice thing about that area it doesn’t take big acreage block because you can stack a lots of horizontals in and we’ve got a pretty good material block in there with high, high nets and we’re very excited about it.
Steve Farris: That is one of our first wells in Reagan, I think as we get over there. You got multiple branches in the Wolfcamp and we’re also excited about the Cline basin to do. So we continue to test our acreage and as we set up our 2014, ’15, ’16 and beyond programs, we got to get in and understand all the various expansions and that’s exactly what that is.
Steve Farris: Let me give you an overview and then I’d like number that we have achieved to run that some detail. The exploration potential varies significant and what we -- what is the reason we retain that 50% is that we don’t to dreg the base on the shallow Shelf. But we have a real opportunity to grow that in the future. And with that, Tom, you might mention some of the things we are doing.
John Christmann: In Permian, it was about 3,000 BOE a day, net in terms of the fourth quarter. Most of that was from the November storm that hit pretty hard. Central was a smaller number and it was not as impacted as we were in Permian.
John Christmann: You will see several numbers in Central as you look going into January and February and a little bit Permian as well.
John Christmann: At this point, Brian, (inaudible) lot of wells. We ramped six rigs versus last year. We currently got five in there right now. As there we got and it really work hard to try to understand. I think as we all know as you move back to the lower to the west and Midland Basin, we’ve had good results. Clearly, we got, I think seven rigs running in those other areas. So it’s area we will start to shift to, take our learnings from Barnhart and that’s something we will walk through in two weeks as we outline in our Analyst Day. But there is also multiple other zones that we’re looking at there. And so not just in the Wolfcamp.
John Christmann: In terms of the details of all that we’ll certainly get into that on in our February 26 Analyst Day. I think I’ve said at Goldman conference. We’re going to look within our cash flow with our E&D budget and we’re going to finance our LNG project outside of our cash flow.
John Christmann: Yeah, I think, in general things are holding pretty good. I mean, we’re getting more efficient there. But in some areas, we’re also experimenting on the completion side and putting more sand in and less fluid and those various things. So we’ll get into those in detail but I feel good about the cost. And obviously if we want to increase our completion size, obviously we expect to get bigger recoveries for that relative. So it’s all about either taking cost down or increased our EURs, and that’s something that Steve highlighted in the opening comments about our operation excellence we will continue to do. But I think in general, they are at a point right now where they are holding pretty firm its topline and it’s all about what kind of efficiencies we can drive in right now.
John Christmann: Yes, that is something we’ll get into in Analyst Day. I mean, it’s right there in Deadwood where we’ve been. It is more heavily in the Cline and you’ve got the Wolfcamp coming off and it does not lend itself quite as much for horizontals right in the area we are. Get South of us there, the geology changes, you see a lot more activity. But we’ll get into more detail about that at Analyst Day. And then, I would also expect to see us drill a couple of horizontal Wolfcamp wells done there as well.
John Christmann: Yeah, it’s a great question. It's something that tends to get overlooked is the potential for horizontal in the Central basin platform. I’ll tell you that Wichita Albany play at Three Bar will stack up against anything in the industry. We’ve got 16 wells on there. We did give highlight, that is in the year we’ve got and there has also been fantastic there. We are looking at taking that play outside of that, just on Three Bar unit there but additionally as you start to look up and down the section, there are all sorts of zone that we’ve not completed vertically or not drilled vertically that make great horizontal targets. And we always typically have run one to two rigs on the Central basin platform. I think we’ve got three of -- they are right now and they are chasing these exact types of things. And there is lots of oil to be found in Central basin platform.
Tom Chambers: There was a lot of DD&A and I kind of went through a number of those on the call. We had write-offs. We had charge for bringing cash back to certain charge of $225 million to bring cash back. So when you add all that in, that picked up DD&A.
Tom Chambers: I don’t have the cash flow, you know the way the accounting, accounts work there wasn’t very much actual cash flow that came out and since we didn’t do the acquisition for the sale until middle of November, but it’s going to come out in investing and will show up in investing activities on a go forward basis. I don’t have that number in front of me Doug, but we can get. If you call Brady afterwards, he will get it for you.
Tom Chambers: Leo, we are still looking at how we are going to report. Obviously, we just signed the deal yesterday, hasn’t closed yet. So we are looking at, by the end of the day we should have an answer on how we are going to report it. In terms of the cash, the cash will remain overseas until we determine what our needs are both internationally and domestically.
Tom Chambers: But also remember we had some rights that didn’t close until the fourth quarter, so that reflects the production off of properties until they close.
