G. Steven Farris: Actually, what we had is we had a negative revision, but it all has to do with price. John, you're aware of that concession agreement. What happens is you get more barrels for cost recovery, but you also have an adjustment on the reserve side. So that's counterintuitive. I mean, when you have more production, you have less reserves. And if you have less production, you have more reserves. I mean, it really is the way the concession agreement works.
G. Steven Farris: Well, we don't really comment on that, number one. And the other one is I think we have a pretty good acreage position as it is. Actually we are never looking, but opportunities come in a lot of different ways.
G. Steven Farris: Yes, I'd answer the first one at Kitimat. Frankly, we're somewhat past the polite introductions and that kind of stuff with respect to buyers. We are now in throes of actual negotiations. And in terms of the Permian Basin, you understand we're the second or third largest producer out there, so you've got 93,000, 94,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day starting off with. So a higher single-digit growth is a pretty good number, especially with the kind of capital that we're putting in there.
G. Steven Farris: With respect to your question about the politics down there, I think it's well to take a look at the circumstances that YPF, Repsol and the government of Argentina are in. I don't think there's any question that the Argentine government would like more money spent by YPF or Repsol in country. Personally, I think what you're seeing is a lot of discussion that really revolves around a specific issue. So we're truthfully not concerned about the wholesale expropriation of the oil industry down there.
G. Steven Farris: Just so you know, that's not an opportunity number. That is more of a prudency with respect to staying within our cash flow down there. And we're really testing ideas. If you look at any of our areas, when we talk -- Brian asked a question about the Permian Basin. We have built meaningful acreage positions in some of the best hydrocarbon basins in the world. And what we are trying to do is build long-term value for our shareholders. So in the Permian, we're going to test a number of different shales in a number of different ways, horizontal, and the same we're doing in the Neuquén. And we are a legacy owner in the Anadarko Basin. So it's not surprising that new technology catches up with a lot of hydrocarbons.
Rodney J. Eichler: There's also a lot of timing involved. We have a lot of wells that are being drilled throughout the year. All those wells probably won't make it out to production until the early parts of 2013.
Rodney J. Eichler: Well, the exploration test we drilled at [indiscernible] in 2011 was specifically targeting the shales in the gas window. So it was a gas -- designed to be a gas test. That's what we have been evaluating. The subsequent wells we'll be drilling in 2012, as I mentioned, will be oil tests that are in the shale oil window as we currently mapped them adjacent to the recent discoveries announced by their operators.
Rodney J. Eichler: In fact, Apache has been held up by the government in their recent press releases as one of several companies and an example of increasing the production and meeting or exceeding their production targets outlined in their concession agreements.
Rodney J. Eichler: Okay. So the first part of your question, we have about 1.7 million gross acres, about 900,000 net acres in the shale fairway. We do not break that out; I don't have a breakout of that by oil province or gas province in that fashion. So it's a simple part of the Neuquén Basin. The second part of your question was what was...
Rodney J. Eichler: 2012. All right, 2012. We're looking at about $250 million as a preliminary capital allocation for our Argentina projects.
