Alfonso Leon: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Apache Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we reported 2010 net income of $3 billion or $8.46 per diluted share. Adjusted earnings, which exclude certain items that impact the comparability of results, totaled $3.2 billion or $8.94 per diluted share. Cash flow from operations totaled $7.4 billion. On today's call, we'll have five speakers making prepared remarks prior to taking questions. Steve Farris, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer will lead off; followed by John Crum, Co-Chief Operating Officer and President of North America; Rod Eichler, Co-Chief Operating Officer and President of International; Roger Plank, our President; and Tom Chambers, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We prepared our usual detailed supplemental data package for your use, which also includes the reconciliation of any non-GAAP numbers that we discuss, such as adjusted earnings, cash flow from operations or costs incurred. This data package can be found on our website at www.apachecorp.com/financialdata. Today's discussions may contain forward-looking estimates and assumptions, and no assurances can be given that those expectations will be realized. A full disclaimer is located with the supplemental data package on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Alfonso Leon: This is Alfonso Leon. We're going to give others a chance to get in on the question queue. I'll be back in my office right after this. We can follow-up on this after the meeting.
Alfonso Leon: If you go to the website and you look on the supplemental disclosure for the fourth quarter earnings, you'll see a bullet table breakdown of the capital by region.
Alfonso Leon: Thank you, all, very much for your time. For any follow-up questions, I'll be right back in my office. Thank you.
Thomas Chambers: Thanks, Roger. Good afternoon, everyone. One more time, I'd like to reiterate that we earned a record of $3 billion in earnings or $8.46 a share for 2010. It's a great number, and I'd like to reiterate it. When we adjust for the items that impact the comparability of those results, we earn $3.2 billion, $8.94 a share, which is up nearly 70% from the prior year's $1.9 billion. Record production combined with higher oil prices drove cash from operations up 48% over 2010 to $7.4 billion for the year and just shy of $2 billion for the quarter. This speaks volumes for our balanced portfolio, and we've been able to benefit substantially from higher oil realizations and the fact that oil currently sells for over 20x the price of North American gas. Oil and liquids accounted for 77% of our revenues in 2010 that represent just over half our production. Oil alone accounted for 49% of total 2010 production. Our oil portfolio offers another unique feature when it comes to price, as Roger just mentioned. Almost 60% of our total production, which encompasses all of our international oil production, with the exception of Argentina, is sold against the Brent index. Brent is currently running at a significant premium over $15 a barrel to WTI versus the traditional discount. Therefore, we are well positioned to benefit from this pricing situation. In addition to that, U.S., LLS and HLS crude rates are selling at double-digit premiums to WTI. Over 30% of our total U.S. volumes are sold against these indices giving us an additional revenue benefit from our U.S. oil volumes. Our higher oil exposure also impacts operating costs. Cash costs, excluding taxes other than income and merger and transition costs, averaged $11.73 per boe in 2010, up about $0.50 per barrel compared to 2009. Our goal was to keep 2010 cash costs flat with last year, but we ended up 4% higher influenced by the impact of rising oil prices on costs. Recurring DD&A was also up from the prior levels as you might expect, given the significant level of acquisitions in the year. Turning to reserves. We replaced current production through drilling by adding 245 million barrels of oil equivalent and proved reserves during 2010. Including acquisitions, sales and revisions we replaced 344% of production. I'm not going to spend a lot of time on the fourth quarter since it was pretty noisy due to acquisition timing, change in the mix of the properties due to the acquisitions and operational issues and as you've, no doubt, noted, the financial results bear that out. From a production perspective, the fourth quarter rate of 729,000 barrels equivalent a day was our best quarter ever. Unit costs were up for the quarter because of the combination of plan production downtime, onetime transaction costs and bringing in to our portfolio higher unit cost of properties from acquisitions. Now we'll get to work, and coupled with restoring production, we expect our capital cash cost to come back in line and dropping throughout the year to exit the year at around the average of 2010 or around $11.75 per boe, which excludes taxes other than income. We would be remiss if we didn't talk about our hedging program, including hedges assumed from Mariner. For 2011, we have approximately 120,000 barrels of oil per day hedged. Most of our positions were entered using collar arrangements with floors just above $69 and ceilings of around $97. In total, we've hedged around a third of our oil production. We've not entered into any new gas hedges over the last quarter but approximately 25% of our North American volumes are hedged for 2011, primarily with swaps at around $6.25 per MMbtu, which should give us the benefit given the current gas prices. And finally, we exit 2010 with 25% debt to cap, which is only slightly higher than the 24% we had entering the year, even though we completed over $11 billion in portfolio transactions. As Steve mentioned, during 2011, we'll maintain a strong focus on building our balance sheet strength further, which is our long-term strategic firepower asset by paying down additional debt. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Thomas Chambers: I might comment on your point about taxation or confiscation. We do carry an insurance policy that gives us about $1 billion of coverage in the event that things were to get that extreme. But if you think about it, you mentioned a couple of countries like Venezuela. It's a little different in a country like Egypt where they really utilize their demand meets their supply, so they are the big exporter. Venezuela is a big exporter. So it has a very big cash flow stream. And if you nationalize it, you could argue that at least for the short term, that's in their national interest. In a place like Egypt, if you nationalize the production, what you're going to do? Just hand it off to the population? You don't get a cash flow stream that gives you the same economic inducement to take such drastic action. I think having operated there for 15 years, people recognize that production wouldn't be anywhere near where it is if not for Apache's investment over that period of time. So we think that, that helps us in the period ahead.
Thomas Chambers: That's absolutely right, and then kind of mitigating that is the earlier we let that capital go, the more you'll see in the annual average. So part of the juggling is we want to have some confidence that these prices are going to stay at these levels before we release too much capital. So there's a balance act is what I'm trying to say.
G. Farris: Thank you, Tom. I'd like to summarize what I think the three main messages of the call are. Number one, 2011 is going to be a good year of strong production growth for Apache and a focus on consolidated our enlarged portfolio. We're going to continue to build our balance sheet strength, and we're going to continue to remain opportunistic in the strategic arena. Number two, we had a strong portfolio going into 2010, and after the project licensing and portfolio steps were [indiscernible] in 2010. We have a formidable inventory that can sustain Apache's growth for years to come. And number three, the reality is that we're only scratching the surface. The full opportunity is set and Apache's enlarged portfolio, and the challenge in front of our teams now is to scope and prioritize the best rate-of-return opportunities and for all of us to get after them while staying true to our principles of portfolio balance and financial conservatism. And with that, we're ready for your questions.
G. Farris: Well, most of the oil from the revisions were priced in the U.S. And I will tell you, internationally, we get a negative because of the Egypt cost sharing. So price helps us in the U.S. and hurts us in Egypt. Certainly, Permian Basin was a big chunk of that, both on the organic side and the buy side with the Permian, and the Gulf of Mexico was a big chunk of that. We also got some liquids help in the Texas Panhandle with our Granite Wash stuff.
G. Farris: Yes, I'd like to follow up a little bit on what John Crum said, because when we talk about increasing capital, we've gone from $400 million in 2010 to going around $1 billion this year. So we're doubling our capital in the Permian because of the acquisitions and because of the opportunities set. The other one is, is that I want to reiterate what John said. We’ve got 10 or 11 rigs running at Deadwood, and that is to save acreage. The fortunate thing is the great play, so we're making great economics at it. But if you have a fixed amount of capital, you want to spend it in an area, and you've got a commitment to make. That's where you're going to spend your money. So if things lighten up, the Permian will be the first place to get it.
G. Farris: Well, let me put it this way. First of all, we can't make Kitimat work unless it's got an oil-based contract with it. The second thing is, is that I think what we're seeing is a tremendous amount of interest now. And again, and I would preface that, we haven't signed anything yet, but there is some real benefit for anyone that has to import LNG to import it out of the North American market. Because the North American market, it has no limit. So it's not field generated. It's not an investment. So once they are into that market, they have gas inputs to it. So we're seeing a lot of interest.
G. Farris: Well, I think our first look is Canada, and the reason is that if you look at our Horn River position already, and then you look at what we picked up from BP and Noel with the Montney and the Cadomin there, we've got a tremendous asset base there. So it's the easiest place to tie to take the bottom layer of that outlet.
G. Farris: Well, right now, we just now started marketing Kitimat. And I think all I can say right at the present time is that we see an enthusiastic market that wants to talk about it. In terms of its position with respect to Wheatstone, of course, Chevron is running the Wheatstone sale. They've been very -- obviously, they've been in that market for a long time, and they've done a very good job. In terms of the viability of it in terms of permits, et cetera, it's really going to boil down to market. I mean, this project will go with the market. There's no huge impediment to this project going forward other than the market.
G. Farris: The first question is I think reserves are about 13% because of the cost sharing mechanism, and production is about 24% of that, maybe 25%, but that's round numbers. In terms of, and I assume what you're asking is do we have a place to spend that money in other projects? Or is it how do we get our money out of there? I don't quite understand the second question.
G. Farris: First of all, we've been in Egypt for 15 years, and we have a gentlemen on the board that was there. Chuck Pitman is our board member, used to be with Amoco and was in Egypt twice. And as he likes to say, they first discovered oil in Egypt in 1957, and they've never shut any production in based on the political situation there. Given what is going on right now, I tend to think that it better in terms of investment in Egypt. Certainly, the mood is one of much more market-driven and increasing the standard of living for the people. And I will tell you, we're a guest there, so they're the hosts, whoever the host would be. In terms of being able to take that cash somewhere else, we certainly can. I mean, I can't emphasize enough, and I welcome all of you to come to the May 17 conference, is going to show you the opportunity set that we've uncovered so far. And that was not a puffing or wares when we say we've got a current inventory to grow through 2015, 6% to 12%. And that's not necessarily again what we're going to do, but that's the opportunity set that we see at the present time.
G. Farris: Well, John might comment a little bit on the timing. I'm going to comment a little bit on the competition. I would say, they're complementary, not competitive. We certainly -- a growing concern means you've got to have a lot -- in our opinion, have to have a lot of different ways to win. And we've seen that in every history of every play that's come down the pipe, whether it was Russia or the Austin Chalk in West Texas or East Texas. One play does not make a growing concern. And I think the important thing that you look at, the way we look at the deepwater, it is an exploration. A big reserve play in North America that we don't have anywhere else. And if it is successful on a risk basis, you get a lot of production and a lot of great return out of those projects. So we're going to try to balance that.
G. Farris: Well, I think we generally see better acquisitions in the asset side because number one, you only have to buy the assets that you're going after. So a unique thing about Mariner was -- and if you look at where we are active right now, we're active in every place that they were. So it was very easy. It was almost an asset acquisition in the guise of a merger because we really fit in each one of those asset areas. In terms of going forward, each one of the regions we're in, we'd like to get bigger. With the exception and not because -- I'm optimistic about Argentina, I just think even the circumstances in the world today, we might not spend the kind of money there that we've spent in other parts of the world. But we're an opportunistic company. Sometimes, you buy things better than you drill and vice versa.
G. Farris: Well, I'm sitting here looking at our Treasurer, so I'm going to let Matt Dundrea, who's our Senior Vice President and Treasurer, answer that question.
G. Farris: The only point I would make is usually, when you see shale plays, you see a few people that are -- and you see them down there, same folks are punting around down there. I mean, this is not an unknown quantity. It's just we've been down there long enough, but we've got a significant acreage position ahead of a lot of other folks.
G. Farris: Yes, I think the biggest -- I don't remember the December number. Alfonso can get with it offline. I think say the biggest difference between that and what we posted is we had Van Gogh off, which is about 22,000 barrels a day, and we also had about 9,000 barrels a day off in the North Sea. I mean, it was -- the North Sea stuff probably won't come back until September. Van Gogh started to come back up, but it was off all of January and will be off a portion of February. And then we've had three cyclones in the Gulf. So, I mean, in the Carnarvon Basin.
G. Farris: Well, frankly, and I am going to say that I don't have any budgeting numbers to go by, it's just an obvious answer. And that is we've got all the base costs in the base budget. So you've got all your seismic costs, all those kind of costs are in the base budget. So most of the things that you'll be seeing other than some exploration stuff that we had a little program in Australia or if somewhere else, deepwater, Gulf of Mexico, God forbid, if we actually got a permit to drill there. You're going to see performing capital. So you should see a disproportionate benefit out of the incremental capital that we spend based on the overall capital budget that we rolled out there right now.
G. Farris: And the sooner we can get a package out on the street and sold, we'll be -- there's a lot of moving parts going into this year. And the biggest thing I would say is, I want and I hope everybody recognize what I'm saying, the last two years we spent $8 billion drilling oil and that kind of stuff. We spent $12 billion in acquisitions. So our goal for 2011, obviously, is purely capital allocation. This is going to come from those acquisitions. But the biggest thing it brought us is that if we don't buy another thing for the next five years, we can grow this thing -- the high single-digit numbers anyway. So we've set ourselves up to some growth going forward that is significant.
G. Farris: I think like any -- one thing I would say about that whether it's -- we drilled a couple of dusters, or not really dusters, just teasers in Chile. We have 1 million acres in Chile. We have a big acreage position in New Brunswick. And I will tell you, both of them had hydrocarbons in them. We just got to figure out how to, technically, how to get it out of the ground.
Unidentified Analyst: Where did your U.S. oil reserve additions come from, the organic ones? And also, the -- I saw some revisions in there for the positive revisions for the U.S., whether those were price or performance-related.
Unidentified Analyst: And then moving on to Australia, I see you've been doing a lot of farm-in deals in Australia. If you could just give me a top-down description of the reason for the farm-ins, and how I should look at it in terms of the geological prospectivity, the regions where you're doing the farm-ins? And what are some of the key companies that you might be partnering with, so I could monitor the results of those companies and see how they might affect Apache.
Unidentified Analyst: Well, if something happens over there, can you shut down some of the facilities? Move money and stuff over? Or are you going to be in trouble? I'm worried always about expropriation, things like that happening after viewing what happened with the sugar and our friends, Cuba, and in Venezuela, with Chevron. I mean, some of these governments can be very unstable.
John Crum: Almost certainly, we'll be increasing the rig activity on the BP properties. I think we've indicated to you in the past, BP was running their Permian Basin from -- so consequently, just getting the records in the hands of the guys that are operating these properties out West has been a little bit of a challenge. We're getting there. The Mariner asset we have to get on with, because we had bought a lot of acreage out there in the last year with continuous drilling clauses. So it's critical that we go in and hold the leases, and then we'll move on to the BP properties.
John Crum: Absolutely. If there's one place you would expect to get a little extra allocation, it'd be Permian.
John Crum: That's primarily associated with sliding scale royalties and GCA recoveries. As the price of oil goes up, then we get less.
John Crum: Yes, I think it really is the last place to find big oil. On the permitting side, I think we're starting to see a little bit of movement, but there's no question it's going to be slow and gradual as we get our regulator completely comfortable with activity out there. You are starting to see some movement, getting assets to the Helix and the MWCC containment vessels has been really important, and that's really what's held up over the last few months.
John Crum: Yes, I guess, Doug, what I'd say is, obviously, we continue to work to go along. And one of our key work processes is really developing resource potential across all of our acreage. So we're just getting through all of these, but we're gradually cataloging what we know are going to be developable assets out there. So that's kind of the number we're at right now and I think we can get higher than that pretty easily.
John Crum: Well, I don't know that I've got something that runs in front of that Yeso play, because that's just about as good as it gets. So that's the first thing that showed up. John Christmann was in the office this morning and said that he had just signed an AFP to drill nine wells for Penn section in the Wilshire acreage. So that's probably the next interesting thing we'll get started on.
John Crum: Well, I'd love to give you some good news, but we're really still trying to figure out what's happened there. I feel like we've got good frac jobs on them, but they're not coming back very quick. We've set up one of the wells to be gas lifted so that we can continue to get the water off of them. I guess we got a number of scientists working on it, and we'll be able to get back to you once we know a little more.
John Crum: I don't think we have anything new. That continues to be just a great play for us. We continue to push, obviously, looking for the ones that have the highest liquid contents. I've told you in the past about the Hogshooter. Ten of those 40 wells we've drilled this year with Hogshooter. Our market horizontals appeared to be working pretty well, and then we're working the Cleveland actually as well, in horizontal sections up north of there.
Rodney Eichler: Well, the areas that we're looking at just continue to extend or expand our existing position on the North West Shelf. So it's all in The North West Shelf carrying a long trend of our existing Carnarvon Basin play areas. Predominantly, up to the northeast portion of the shelf, there are large blocks that we keep available, we pursue this year, to farm in with drilling commitments as well as seismic commitments. So we'll start a seismic survey on one of the blocks this year followed by drilling probably in the second quarter this year. A lot of small companies are involved as partners in the blocks. Just off the top of my head, I can't recall the specifics of the many Indian companies with their partners at some of these concessions.
Rodney Eichler: To our knowledge, there are no horizontal wells to be drilled in the shales in Argentina. We're drilling the first one. That well is underway, and I really cannot release any information regarding the well at this time as we're not completely to our total depth. [indiscernible] is a very active player and our partner in many of these blocks. They have drilled some vertical wells as have we, to test the concept of shale richness. It's really a test of proof of concept stage. All the ingredients that are there geologically for robust unconventional resource in at least the Bakken [indiscernible] shale and the [indiscernible] shale in the Central Neuquén Basin area. I guess that's about all I can say right now.
Rodney Eichler: I'd say the general to vertical thickness is probably in -- productive thickness is probably 200 meters to 300 meters.
Rodney Eichler: Yes. So area aside from our exploitation around Forties. As I mentioned in my remarks, we have a couple of prospects that are operated by Talisman, which we will likely see drilled later in 2011. And of course, we picked up four blocks in the most recent bid round, which we'll be doing the necessary evaluation work to lead the drilling late this year or in 2012.
Rodney Eichler: Prior to the changes in government, mid-January, we had 23 rigs operating in the desert. And today, we have 23 rigs operating. In fact, that same number operating continually. No single well was shut down with the exception of one wildcat. We were drilling in the far reaches of the Western Desert near Libya. And we got to a safe place to set casing and temporarily abandon the well for lack of services at a remote location. We didn't want to risk a potential well control problem without having a way of correcting that. That well has since been restored to drilling operations. I think we had one or two days where diesel fuel was a little bit short, but that was corrected immediately by the government. And essentially, we had, as I said, we had no noticeable changes, a slight inconvenience, but no real change in the production operations. Gas plants operating straight through, no change in the gas production crew. Same with oil production.
