John J. Christmann: Yeah, John. Thank you. First off, we brought on three half-section pads. And a lot of those were 8 and 10 wells, so we're testing multiple zones and the patterns there, and it's really important. I mean we'll be watching those wells now over time. We've got a couple of other – we've got a pad coming on in the first quarter, as we said, of 2018. And some others planned in 2018, which will help us with that. Right now, 1.5-to-2-mile is probably optimal. And a lot of that hinges on your land position. So we've had to do some work to kind of be able to block up some trades, to be able to drill those longer laterals. But I do think that the 1.5-to-2-mile laterals are going to be optimal for now. And obviously we're watching the spacing. I think that's one of the big keys is getting this spacing right. As you know, you can't take back wells you drill. And we've seen some instances where others have plowed ahead and are over-drilling. And now you're seeing a lot of interference. And so I think it's important to take the time, effort, collect the data, and do the science to make sure you get those patterns and spacing tests right to maximize the long-term returns.
John J. Christmann: Well, we had a pad where we ran fiber on all the wells. We ended up spending a couple million dollars there ultimately, because of how we collected it. We also had seismic crews out there. And we actually collected true seismic data in between each stage. So we've done a lot of things, John, where we've invested that money. But when you look at the grand scheme of things, that relative to just one well that you over-drill is money well spent. So I mean it's worth taking the time and making sure we do this right.
John J. Christmann: When you look at the capital program with where we are today, Bob, yes. We are spending very little outside the non-Permian capital. I think you're actually going to see though, that it's – with the investment that's come off of the last three years, it's not going to decline a whole lot. In fact, our Mid-Continent stuff will actually grow with just the five wells we brought on in the SCOOP this year. So we're in a pretty good spot there. But, yes, very little capital there for 2018. Now as we get out past a couple of years and we start generating a lot of free cash flow from Alpine High, we see that changing quickly. And so we like having the optionality there in those assets. And right now in the other Permian, it's close, a little more than maintenance. But it's really more designed at going at the right pace there. As I mentioned too in the Midland Basin, I mean we've shown – if you look at the results, the back half of 2017, as I mentioned in the script, we peaked in the fourth quarter of 2015. And then we really shut the programs down, reset the cost structure. Bottomed second quarter of last year. And then quickly in a matter of two quarters made a new production high. So really it's an off/on switch. It takes a couple of quarters. But it shows you the quality and the progress that we've made in terms of being able to apply that capital to the other Permian assets.
John J. Christmann: Well, we just have to weigh the value of that. I mean we look at the portfolio. We work the portfolio very hard. Last year we made a strategic decision to exit Canada, which we're very glad we did. I think one of the things that gets lost in there is that we eliminated $800 million of ARO, but that was a big strategic decision for us. We also unloaded some acreage that we felt like we got some very – prices for. And is exactly that. Something that somebody placed a high enough premium on that we felt like it would be better in their hands. So you're always looking at those things and weighing those things. And we continue to do that in the future.
John J. Christmann: On the service side, yes. As Tim said, we have most of our big ticket items – rigs, frac crews, sand – under contract and tied up for the foreseeable future. So we feel good about the main services. But we are seeing the smaller things that drive the day to day, trucking, simple as the backhoes, pads. Everybody is wanting to raise costs everywhere. So we did bake in, in general, a 10% rise. Now when you look at some efficiencies at – and then we kind of took each play, play by play. As Tim told you, in 2017 we were able to reduce our Midland Basin well cost by 20% on a treated lateral foot basis and increase productivity by 17%. So we've taken those kind of play by play into account. The greatest efficiencies we'll see at Alpine High is we're early in that play and really starting to move into pads. And then less in the more mature plays, where we've drilled more wells. And so we've got a pretty conservative forecast on the capital side going into this year. And what I don't want to be is in a couple quarters, having to raise my capital, because I assumed that we could keep things down when the reality is there's a lot of pressure out there on a lot of different fronts.
John J. Christmann: Well, first thing is the returns in both programs are excellent, so it's really not a return difference thing, Charles. The point was we could increase short-term oil by going much quicker in the Midland Basin today or some of the other Delaware Basin stuff today. The point was in the Midland and the Delaware, we're gathering a bunch of data by moving to the pads and the pattern spacing tests. And that's really, really important data that we're collecting right now. And quite frankly, you want to – the market has gotten conditioned to thinking that early performance in IPs is a direct correlation to EURs, which is just not the case. You have to look at how these wells perform and how these pads perform over a longer time, and especially as you start to look at the inside wells and so forth. So in our Midland program, we've actually brought on three brand new half-section pads late last year, which we're going to critically watch. And they're a little different configurations and we collected a lot of data. So there are two elements there. What my point was is we could accelerate the short-term oil over the longer-term investment at Alpine High. At Alpine High, you have a totally different animal, though. You have 6,000 feet of hydrocarbon column. We've got a 70-mile fairway, 340,000 acres that we control, multiple zones. We've now proven over 11 different landing zones across just the vertical column, and there's many, many more as we work through that. So it takes time. We're moving the infrastructure forward. And most of that's geared to the wet gas infrastructure that we have to have to process that and get put in place. And so when we look at advancing that over time and then you just look at the velocity at which we'll be able to reinvest that capital because of the F&D and because of the turnover and the returns, from a longer-term perspective, what's in our best interest now is advancing the Alpine High at this pace and the Midland Basin at the pace we're at.
John J. Christmann: No, Michael, it's a pretty conservative plan. It's really based on retention, half the capital going to retention. We will be ahead of that. I said we would end the year at about 830 million a day of inlet processing capacity at the end of this year. And the volumes we have on that outlook don't fill that up. So we've got a lot of capacity there. And quite frankly, I think there's room for the picture to improve greatly as time marches on this year, both in terms of the volumes as well as the liquid content and the oil content as we test more of the zones and go forward there.
John J. Christmann: We look at it – probably the best way to put this to you is on a rig line basis. A single rig line is going to turn cash flow positive in less than two years. And so if we hold the rig lines constant, you'll see it turn pretty quickly. So that's how we think about it. We laid out the capital on the midstream was (1:14:04) $500 million last year. We said $500 million this year and then $250 million, $250 million. So it starts scaling down. So then it really comes down to the pace on those rig lines. But you're going to see this thing start throwing off a tremendous amount of cash in less than a two-year window per rig line.
John J. Christmann: There's no doubt that, as we mentioned in there, the per-barrel numbers are going to come down on Alpine High. Some of that's with starting to put various things in the LOE lines that hadn't been there prior. Some of it is when we pored our plan, our guys have taken a pretty conservative approach for what LOE looks like right now just because of the pressure we're getting for everywhere to raise the small things. So I think there's room, as we have historically done, to work on those numbers and beat those numbers. But it's probably just a little bit with this price environment changing so dynamically, that and the timing of some pads and some things coming on that is driving that. But there's no doubt over time the LOE per BOE for the Permian is going to come down significantly as Alpine High ramps up.
John J. Christmann: in the prepared remarks, we said fourth quarter, you were 83% gas, 10% NGLs, and 7% oil. And we said in my prepared remarks by 2020 that the oil, we assume the oil will remain about constant. And the NGL volume's going to grow to about 30%. So you're going to be more like 63% gas, that's probably then going to be two-thirds to – or more wet gas to dry gas with a heavy 30% NGL. And then we've assumed a 7% oil mix. But I believe that's pretty conservative. And that's – as I mention right now, our plan is geared more towards retention and what we see without the ability to be able to drill more at the other locations. So that's how that'll transition. And...
John J. Christmann: I mean there are definitely opportunities to move that forward. I mean I think we just added 40% to our acreage footprint. Most of our revenue comes from the oil side, quite frankly. And the way a lot of our concessions are structured and so forth, some of those prices are set. The Egyptian government has been very flexible and willing to step in and structure things that would encourage some development of some different types of things. So I think you'll see us continue to do that. And if it makes economic sense in relation to the oil that we're developing over there, we will do that. In general, we applaud the contracts to bring the gas in. I think it's a good thing for Egypt and the country and actually, it's very beneficial to us. So we're happy to see what's happening, both in the deepwater with the gas developments there as well as bringing in the gas that was recently announced.
John J. Christmann: It could come any time in 2018 I would guess. I'll be honest with you. We made a lot of progress. We've had some inbound proposals that are fairly attractive. There's a tremendous amount of interest. And quite frankly, I think there's a lot of folks out there that realize this is going to be one of the most critical pieces of infrastructure in the Delaware Basin. And so I'm very optimistic that we'll be able to get something done and something that'll be very, very strategic for Apache.
John J. Christmann: It – the beauty of it is, is with the wet gas, you don't need the gas. Now you got a scenario where you have really low NGL prices and really – I mean obviously, as under a scenario where all commodity prices go way down, then it's a different story. But this thing's going to really hum below $2 on the gas side. And I think with what's going on on the Gulf Coast, with the expansion that's taken place in the petrochemical end, we look out to 2019, 2020, 2021, and we see a pretty robust NGL market, as well as the ability to get the gas to the Gulf Coast. So it's what sets this play apart is the cost structure. And ultimately, it's the cost to drill the wells that's going to be superior and the deliverability. And it's that combination with the liquid yields and the oil production is what makes it unique. And quite frankly that's what we know makes it differential. And the other factor is you're not going to have to move a lot of water in the lower zones. And that's another very differentiating fact. But, yes, we've run many cases on the downside. We would not be making this type of investment on the midstream or the upstream side if we thought there was a sensitivity that was close to anything that would come into making it not work under very, very low gas and NGL and oil prices.
John J. Christmann: I think as you get out longer term and you see the expansion in the infrastructure that we see as being built and will be built, we don't see Waha continuing to trade at a big discount on down the road, because that will be solved. Part of it starts with the Kinder [Morgan] Gulf Coast Express Pipeline in 2019 and so forth. So I mean historically, Waha has traded at a, call it, $0.10 to $0.20 discount. Over the long haul, you're probably going to be in a $0.35 to $0.50 transportation cost differential at worst. You could – some scenarios actually see Waha become a premium, depending on what happens ultimately with Mexico and so forth and the West Coast. So we think, try to think, longer term with a project like this. We realize it's a little disruptive. If you look at last year when we were putting in a lot of our hedges, we were a lot of the market at Waha. And a lot of the reason why that differential is where it is today. We recognize that. So any time you bring on a world class play that's going to be a little bit disruptive, you've got to go through that time period till you can see through it. But I think as we get out to the timing, when we start to see the cash flows really ramp up here, the beauty of it is we will be solving some of the short-term obstacles that would stand in its way initially.
John J. Christmann: Yeah. Well, first of all, next year's spend, we didn't guide to $500 million. We said it would be $500 million this year and $500 million in 2019 and 2020, split evenly amongst those two years. So you're really $500 million, $250 million, $250 million is terms of how we see it. But absolutely, Doug. We envision moving the future CapEx spend into the entity, where it will be able to do its own thing. So that would be the plan. And we're very confident we're going to be able to do something. I mean it...
Stephen J. Riney: Yeah, Jeff. So obviously, there's lots of conversation out there today about cash flow neutrality and pricing assumptions and what pricing assumptions people ought to use. And obviously I think that the last few years have demonstrated how important we believe cash flow neutrality is. And we've said that many, many times that we ought to be able to live within our means. I think it's important that we actually acknowledge there are lots of different definitions out there about cash flow neutrality. There are lots of different methods that people use to talk about that. Some include dividends, some don't include dividends. Some actually go so far as to include asset sales. And some have some capital structure changes, all contributing to cash flow neutrality. Just to be clear, we take a very, maybe extremely pure approach, because we believe cash flow neutrality means that with no asset sales and with no changes to debt or equity, that you should end the year with the same amount of cash on hand that you began the year with. And that's a very pure definition. I'm not sure there's a more accurate definition of cash flow neutrality. If there is, I'd like to know what that is. So with that said, our plan for 2018 and beyond, what we talked about today around – or I talked about around 2018, is so the midstream is obviously operating at an out-spend, about a $500 million deficit. That doesn't – that's regardless of what price assumption that you might use. And there's obviously – there's some reasons that some of that might go away. And what I talked about is that the upstream, which is everything else in Apache, including dividends, that that would be cash flow neutral at current pricing is what I said, which is about $60. $60 $61, WTI's current pricing I believe, unless something's happened on the call. So we would be cash flow neutral at around that type of price assumption. We believe we could also be cash flow neutral down into the upper $50s. We're working on a number of things that could help us do that. In terms of pricing in our plan, we've actually run numerous price scenarios, all of them lower than $60. We've reviewed many of these with the board. And just a couple weeks ago, we actually agreed our plan for this year with the board, and that was at a price of $58 WTI. Obviously at that price there would be a small cash flow deficit in the upstream to go with the midstream deficit. And I think that – I think with the information that we've now provided around the plan and with the supplement around price sensitivity, around the hedge positions, we've given you lots of details. You understand cash flow sensitivity relative to movements in oil price or gas price. You see the details on our hedge positions, which obviously affect cash flow sensitivity as cash flow – as price moves down. And I think – so I think most of the data there, to meet any modeling requirements that you might have, to understand how cash flow changes as commodity prices move up or move down. The only word of warning that I would give you on that is that if you start moving too far off of this, our plan at $58 or current pricing at around $60, you start moving too far off of that either to the upside or the downside, then the current plan, all of the other elements of the plan actually begin losing relevance. Number one, we have our hedges in place, so you've got that. Number two, I think the simple math on cash flows due to price isn't really adequate. Because when you start moving well below that $58 or $60 current pricing or well above it, then all of the other assumptions inherent in the plan begin to change. All of the things around cost inflation assumptions that we've made, the actual activity set that we would engage in, the actual capital allocations that we would make, all of those change as you move far off of that plan. So we set ours at – we set the plan with the board at $58. And we think that's actually somewhat irrelevant. The current pricing, $60 to $61, we would be cash flow neutral in that upstream or everything outside of the Midland – or the midstream, which is about a $500 million deficit.
Stephen J. Riney: Yes, this is Steve. So I think that a lot of that will depend on what happens with the midstream at Alpine High. Because John made reference to what we believe the LOE per BOE at Alpine High will be in his prepared remarks. That was excluding the midstream costs. And today, all of the midstream costs show up, or the operating costs for that show up as LOE. And obviously, as you're building that out, you're building out capacity and starting it up and operating it below its actual true capacity, in some cases and for some periods of time well below its true capacity. You're going to have a pretty high cost per BOE going through that. Two things will change that, number one, just ramping it up to a larger scale and really getting it ramped up to efficient activity. But also eventually what's going to happen, or at least I would anticipate will happen, is that the midstream assets become part of a midstream enterprise separate from Apache. And depending on the accounting treatment of that, the structure of it and control and ownership, you could see all those costs move over to gathering and transportation, which will be more of a typical third-party type of transport and processing fee as opposed to LOE. But that's going to have a meaningful impact, especially on 2018, the startup and operations of that midstream enterprise.
Stephen J. Riney: And on the marketing side, we've got a lot of activities actually underway here, a lot of parts that we're working on. We're continuing to contract gas at or around Waha or near our assets. We're continuing to work on contracting gas down on the Gulf Coast, where we now have the capacity to transport 500 million a day starting in 2019. So we're working on marketing contracts at the Gulf Coast from that point forward. And then we're continuing to look at more gas opportunities as well as – for the longer term, as well as oil and NGLs. And so I think there's still a lot of work to do on the marketing side, both physically moving product and also selling that product or downstream products from those products.
