G. Farris: Thank you, Alfonso, and good afternoon, everyone. As I'm sure all of you are aware, Apache this morning announced its financial results for the first quarter of 2011. During the quarter, we achieved record production of 732,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day. We also posted our third highest quarter of earnings ever, as Alfonso pointed out, $1.1 billion, and our second highest cash flow ever of $2.2 billion. The reality is that we faced a number of unexpected external challenges around the world since the beginning of the year: In Australia, we have suffered 6 consecutive cyclones and have had problems with third-party FPSO; there have been some social unrest in Egypt; and like many people, the Permian and central regions closed up during part of February; and then on top of all that, the U.K. government decided to raise taxes in the North Sea. You would think our performance would have suffered, and it did somewhat. But despite the challenges, Apache produced near-record financial results and had broad-based drillbit success with multiple new field discoveries. And Rod Eichler will walk you through some of these in a moment. I'd like to take stock of what drove Apache's performance in the quarter, and it really comes down to a few things: It's really our portfolio strength, our people and our culture. The one thing we've learned as a company over 5 decades, that if you want to make money in the oil and gas business over the long haul and not just now, you need to have a broad-based and well-balanced portfolio of quality assets, and you need to build a culture based on asset focus and returns.  And on the portfolio side, producing 358,000 barrels of liquids a day, 92% of which is crude oil, certainly benefited our results for the quarter, given the high prices. But it's taken, many, many years' discipline and not allowing others or equity market fashions to get us into that position. We produced almost as much crude oil in the Gulf of Mexico shelf as we do in the Permian Basin, and 60% of our oil production is international. These may not have been popular portfolio choices at the time we made them, but today, they underpin our cash flow and our business strength.  On the people and culture side. I'd like to point out we're ahead of plan in nearly every operating metric in Egypt, despite having evacuated many of our expats and the challenges of keeping business running during the social unrest we had there earlier in the year. We didn't slow production, we didn't drop a rig and we didn't even stop shooting seismic. And it's because every single Apache kept their eyes on the ball and went beyond the call of duty to get the job done. I'm happy to report that, predominantly, all our expats are back in Egypt already, and those who are not are on their way. And we have still a big job to do in Egypt, and we're going to get on with it. I could go over many other outstanding examples for the quarter. It's a unique culture we've built over many years and which we are very proud to be a part of. The other issue I'd like to touch on briefly is our capital. Clearly, our cash flow strength is ahead of our capital investment program we authorized earlier in the year, which is about $7.5 billion. And we plan to pay down debt, but I can say we are also evaluating opportunities to put additional capital to work in attractive rate of return opportunities in a number of our regions this year. And we'll have an update of this by our Analyst Day on May 17.  And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Rod for operations highlights.
G. Farris: Well, a whole lot. Rod will really get into the details. This is Steve. But in terms of the -- we're going about it as fast as we can go. I think we're going to spend about $1.1 billion in Egypt this year. And the gas processing is really limited until we get that gas pipeline going south. And I think we made that point when we made the acquisition of BP's assets in Egypt. And I'll let Rod bring you up to date as to where that process is.
G. Farris: Well, the prospect inventory opportunities are certainly in the Permian. We a see large inventory of locations. We just only scratching the surface in many of these plays. Well, as you know, the beginning stages of horizontal exploitation in many of these reservoirs that traditionally have been tapped by vertical wells over the last 100 years. We're seeing a lot of very promising results there. I also see continued acceleration and growth in exploitation in our Granite Wash program in Oklahoma and the Panhandle of Texas. We have a substantial inventory of locations to be drilled. So it's just a matter of how much we want to apply to the program to move forward.
G. Farris: Well, you're really constrained by [indiscernible]. Physically, the only place we're really constrained in terms of not having services is in the Gulf of Mexico. And the fact of the matter is you can get services for a cost. And the question is what kind of cost you want to pay and what kind of rate of return do you want. Or what kind of rate of return do you want. And also, how do you look at your overall balance sheet. Because it really is a balloon, it's a balance. So we're going to -- it's not rocket science just to figure out we're going to have some more cash and we're going to spend it while we stick to our commitment of paying down some of our debt. But having said that, it's an opportunity-driven thing in terms of rates of return more than anything. I mean, we've got lots of places to spend money, and we're going to spend them in the highest rate of return projects we've got. And right now that's going to be in the Permian Basin for oil and the Granite Wash in the Texas Panhandle.
G. Farris: Well, I would tell you probably the biggest -- the Granite Wash, we could absorb, just because that region, if you remember, we split those 2 apart. And we had to rebuild, and we were very damn fortunate because we started rebuilding it before we ever got big in the Permian Basin. We were much smaller when we started that activity. But in terms of limitations of big jumps, and I'm not talking about another 10 rigs, but big jumps in activity in the Permian, it's going to take us a little while. Because we're just going to get the manpower out there. But if you look at where we've come and where we are today in the Permian Basin, I mean we're -- we were running 5 rigs this time last year, we're running 25 right now. We'll be running 25 all year, probably, or more. So that's a big jump.
G. Farris: You know what, I've got a -- you've got to understand, and I can't say this enough. We're going to take the best prospects we have. And so if they're BP prospects, we know we made a good deal there. I mean it becomes more and more obvious every day, just in the things that we're working on right now. But it also -- we don't have to drill all the wells that we've got on the Permian Basin, BP, in this year. We got a lot of places to spend cap on. It's really the balance of the portfolio, not do we have prospects to look at in BP. I mean, we could put another 25 rigs running today on BP assets, but we're just not going to do that. And hopefully you'll see more on that on May 17. You'll see a broader array of opportunities. It's just a question of which ones we're going to focus on at the current time.
G. Farris: And it's not much different. We've got pad drilling in our Horn River with the frac manifold we've come up with to be able to do that in a -- really, for a smaller area and do more things. And I will tell you, the same thing's going to happen with -- in the United States, with dual laterals. And one of these days, you'll probably have quad laterals just because of the cost versus the space that you have to take up. I mean, it's much more efficient. It's just you've got to learn how to do it. And this was our first one, and it turned out to be pretty successful.
G. Farris: Well, it's getting outrageous. [indiscernible] At some point, it's got to stop. Honestly, it's probably up 10%, 15% for the first quarter.
G. Farris: Well, there's not unlike any change in government. The previous government, whether it was ministers or prime ministers -- have to answer to the people that are in power now. That doesn't say they did anything wrong, or they did do something wrong, it's just the fact that they have to answer to them. In terms of our situation in Egypt, frankly, we have probably the best petroleum minister we've ever had, who used to be the Chairman of Khalda, was then the Chairman of EGPC and now the minister of petroleum for Egypt. His name is Abdoul Ghurab, and been in the business for 25 years, worked for GAPCO [ph] , which is the Amico-Lamico [ph]. We really don't find a lot of problems with the ministry, what we -- or even concerns, what we are going to run into here not too long from now is that we're going to have to take things to parliament, because most of these things come under parliamentary agreements for new acreage, for new gas contracts, et cetera, it has to be approved by parliament. The first order of business will, I think is supposed to be in September, they're going to have parliamentary elections, which is historically when they have them anyway. And then the ruling council has indicated that they will have a presidential election by the end of the year. So obviously, both of those are important. Frankly, the parliamentary elections are as important or more important than the presidential elections, at least in terms of having government start getting back to work.
G. Farris: Yes, because I will tell you generally, workover projects are the highest rate of return projects, and we've become redundant so -- but we're looking for rate of return, and workover recompletions is the highest rate of return projects you can do. So the incremental capital is, pretty much with few exceptions, is all going to be on the drilling side.
G. Farris: I might interject here. The important thing about Zola, I can't -- with Wheatstone and wherever that pipeline is coming down from the Julimar-Brunello, if you could look at a map, and it came back down to the western edge of Australia, we really have a real potential to be able to drill a lot of gas wells and take a lot of gas out of there for a long period of time now, where before we got into Wheatstone, we really didn't have that avenue. So the size of the field itself, or the discovery itself, it's a big synergy, all of that together.
G. Farris: Well, I think what you're seeing around the world is that the LNG buyers, whether it be TEPCO or KOGAS or the Chinese companies or the Malaysians, all of them like to have the integration of the upstream and downstream. And the upstream portion is much smaller than the offtake. But in terms of actually being in it, yes, I would anticipate in the end that, that this would have to be a wraparound in a deal like this, just like it is in Wheatstone.
G. Farris: If we look at a craning curves for reserves, and this is part of our New Ventures group, the information that they've put in the model when they were talking about whether should we be in the Cook Inlet, if you look at what happened to the wells in the Cook Inlet, they reduced significantly after Prudhoe Bay was found. And as soon as Prudhoe Bay was found, the number of wells drilled and the discoveries in Cook Inlet -- and our philosophy is, because there's very, very little 3D seismic sets over -- an old 3D, even at that, the existing fields that are there, is that people started -- they looked north toward Prudhoe Bay and started looking for bigger reserves up there. Honestly, I'm very excited about it. I mean, we haven't drilled a well there yet we got 300,00 acres, and we're getting ready to shoot some seismic. But it's got some real potential. It's a fun place to look.
G. Farris: I mean, you will eventually co-mingle. I know it's just rehab now, but you take a little bit of time, and co-mingle and put them together.
Rodney Eichler: Right. Brian, as I mentioned in my remarks, we have increased the gas production in that Abu Gharadig plant that we got from BP, and we're doing some work inside that plant to restore some of the facilities that we've had some -- problems we've had this past quarter. But nonetheless, we anticipate the intelligent pigging, the final pigging evaluation of that 24-inch, 262-kilometer line from Abu Gharadig to Dashour LPG plant, that should take place sometime in the latter part of May. Once we see that, we'll know to what we can re-rate the pipeline to perhaps its original throughput. We have every expectation to be able to bring gas from our Khalda areas along with the gas produced from the Abu Gharadig field area I mentioned, to ramp that up to perhaps the 7,840 million a day if the pipe's in good condition. And so far, everything looks good, from we've seen in initial pigging stages.
Rodney Eichler: Well, I think that right now, it appears to be -- it was a structure that we drilled, a similar line of structures based on our 3D like we see in the adjacent parts of the western basin in the Faghur basin area. What's unique about it is it's a Paleozoic reservoir that was charged with oil. And we see many other structures continuing west. It's the frontier part of Egypt there. There are really few wells drilled in this part of Egypt. We're very close to the Libyan border, and this is exciting. This is probably the -- this will the furthest, most westerly production in the country.
Rodney Eichler: Well, we have about 25-rig program operating in the Permian, and the guys are running full out. Of course, there's supplies, services, everything is pretty tight in this kind of high-oil-price environment, but we have everything we need to see us through the year for our program that we have budgeted.
Rodney Eichler: We're just at the beginning stages. We're 9 months into the 100,000-barrel deal over 5 years, and the objective is to meet that. And with the BP acquisition of the 602,000 acres, those 3 development leases, we may indeed exceed the 100,000 barrels, and maybe even before the 5 years is up. It's really too early to see large additions. We just began drilling on the BP properties just since November, when we took over operatorship. So it's a little slower. Let's face it, since January 25, things are not the same in Egypt with regard to the government processing of paperwork. It's been almost at a standstill in February and early parts of March. So we've had some slowdowns, though operationally in the field, there's been no material slowdowns. But getting approval for routine things like development leases, it's been slow. But I expect that, that will change as we go forward.
Rodney Eichler: Well, it's principally an exploration play in what had been considered to be a mature province. The one thing we've done is there's a lack of any regional coverage of any kind of a modern 3D seismic program, which really, in our experience, makes a big difference in your opportunities to drill successfully. It's a very robust petroleum system, a lot of oil in place. A lot of areas have not been covered by seismic, nor the existing seismic is suitable for modern-day prospecting purposes. And we have, of course, with the early stages of all this activity, but that was kind of the concept we went to this area.
Rodney Eichler: That's about a -- on that first example, that's about a 12% to 15% cost savings of a dual lateral versus 2 single lateral horizontal wells. In that area, those costs run about $9.5 million for a single lateral. That's for, like, a 4,000-foot lateral.
Rodney Eichler: This was, clearly, is the first time it's ever been done by anybody. This was clearly a test of concept. As you know, there are many stacked washes in this part of the Anadarko Basin, and we have every intention of expanding the technique and trying it in other areas, different zones. So it's just the beginning for us, first well.
Rodney Eichler: As you know, In the fourth quarter of 2010, we had some difficulty with the turret mooring seals, and subsequently, with the mooring anchoring system, that came as result of a routine inspection. We've made temporary corrections at both of those. And in fact, the field presently is -- the gross production there runs about 27,000 to 30,000 barrels of oil per day. But it's still less than our 40,000 to 42,000 barrels a day that, that field was producing when we went offline for those initial repairs back in the October-November time frame. Going forward, our plan is to work with the operator of the vessel to fully restore the production that we had achieved previously by making some additional repairs to the previously referenced turret mooring seals. And that may indeed involve some dry dock time for this vessel to effect the appropriate level of repairs sometime in 2012. And our initial estimates is it could be -- that could be as much as much as 4 months of downtime, based on our current engineering evaluation.
Rodney Eichler: We just have a few points on the curve that we'd like to -- our target is to get up to the 40,000 range, gross. I think if we can achieve a consistent rate at 30,000 with less mechanical problems, we'll certainly be happy with that as the interim product. But we'd like to factor fully.
Rodney Eichler: Yes. We've had our eye on the Nelson Field for many years now. It's literally adjacent, a mirror image to the Forties complex just to the southeast. Very close, I mean, you could see their platforms from our platforms. It's a natural fit to our program. Same depositional channel system that goes from Forties. A little bit lesser quality in the reservoir rock compared to what we have in the Forties, but nonetheless, it's an attractive field. Really, we'll have a 10% non-operating interest, but this gets us in the door. And I think we will have a lot to contribute and suggest to improve the general operations and how to approach cost savings and so forth going forward, and perhaps give us the opportunity to gain additional interest in the field, to preferential rights in the future.
Rodney Eichler: Well, we haven't -- everything's not -- the deal has not closed quite this yet at time -- I'd say at this time.
Rodney Eichler: Yes. We're waiting on a final governmental approval, which we expect to receive imminently. I think the closing will take place sometime in the next 10 days.
Rodney Eichler: We will operate the entire 122,000 acres, the seismic, as well as the drilling. We have a 75% working interest in the operations.
Rodney Eichler: Yes, we're continuing to try to add to our position at Granite Wash, both in Oklahoma and the Texas Panhandle.
Rodney Eichler: Yes, I'll turn it over to Janine McArdle, who's our President of Kitimat LNG and Head of our LNG Gas Monetization.
Rodney Eichler: Well, this is the second explosion or fire on that pipeline in the last 60 days, both of which were probably terrorist acts. This pipeline, in the most recent one, was a metering skid on the line just before the line crosses into the Gaza waters and Ts off, it goes along the Sinai to Jordan. It's on the far east side of country. And all of our production, or gas production, is on the western desert side. It's probably 1,000 kilometers away from this location. All of our gas is sold into the national grid to the government in the west side of the delta. Also perhaps some of our molecules after we fiscalize our gas. The government may take those molecules and put them into that pipeline, but we have no direct association with that gas flow.
Rodney Eichler: Currently, the extent of the play is unknown because we have this limited number of wellbores poked into it. The initial field also need an appraisal to be drilled, but it appears to be of the same size structure that we have placed our seismic interpretation that we've seen in other parts of the Faghur Basin. It just happens to be -- it appears to be an extension of the Faghur Basin's structural trend in the Siwa concession.
Rodney Eichler: We have yet to formulate because we have just moved the rig off there 48 hours ago, so we have not had an opportunity yet with our partners to develop a plan of development going forward. It's hard to say if we'll be able to, on a rig line, to get the first appraisal in, in 2011. Although I'd say more likely, probably in 2012.
Rodney Eichler: I don't believe so. I think it's principally going to be the delineation of some very large untested structures that we currently see on some of the existing seismic.
Rodney Eichler: Probably not in the Permian this year. The Permian is at a much less advanced stage of horizontal exploitation compared to what we see in Oklahoma and in Texas the last couple of years, the Granite Wash. There, we still have a lot of vertical drilling, and we're beginning to pick -- it's the start of just drilling horizontal wells in some of these conventional reservoirs. So it's entirely possible. The geology is not exactly the same, but it could lend itself to an application in some parts of the basin in the future.
Rodney Eichler: Well, we're currently -- we have a very active horizontal drilling program on the central basin platform, and it's largely some of our old water flood units, like Lovelland [ph], Backalloy [ph] and Slaughter [ph] TXL-SU. We also have a CO2 program and a Roberts unit [ph] . We have a program in Southeast New Mexico in the Munoz [ph] area, in the Drikard [ph], and of course the vertical program in the Midland Basin and our Yeso program on the outside, the west side of Midland Basin there the Empire/Yeso and Empire/Adlo [ph] units, or attacking Adlo, Yeso and Wolfbury. And of course, in the Midland Basin, our Deadwood program. So those are the principal areas we're active at the present time with our 23 rigs.
