Doug Leggate: Sorry, guys. I was on mute. I couldn’t get my mute button to go off. I apologize. Good morning, everyone. John, this is also a great day for your stock, and congratulations on the latest discovery in Suriname. I'm obviously going to focus my two questions on that, if I may. So my first one is your comment in the press release about this deserves perhaps the option of an accelerated first production. My question is, what influence does Apache have over that? How aligned is Total? And what are the parameters within the contract that could get you to that? And I guess what I'm really aiming for is, would you consider an early production system here? And I've got a follow-up.
Doug Leggate: Pardon my follow-up on this -- that question, John, but Total just don't seem to be communicating the same level of urgency, I guess, as your comment in the press release. So I just wonder if you could help us bridge the gap between the two, given the...
Doug Leggate: Okay. My follow-up is also on Kwaskwasi. And it's related to the deeper Santonian. Obviously you did not disclose anything other than hydrocarbon reservoir. The last thing we heard of that expression it was gas condensate at Haimara and Guyana. So I'm just wondering if you can address some concerns out there, as to what the hydrocarbon type is. Why you didn't release APIs? What do you know about scale? And just any other ways you can characterize that deeper horizon? And I'll leave it there. Thank you.
John Christmann: Well, Doug, thank you, first of all. I think in the end, it's just going to boil down to the quality of the well and the rock and the play, when you step back and look, Block 58, 1.4 million acres. To put it in perspective, it's over 250 Gulf of Mexico blocks. We've now drilled 3 wells in 3 different fairways. And I use that context to help you understand why you can have 3 very large fairways. We're going to be moving to another one with Keskesi once we conclude operations. The comments in the press release kind of speak for themselves. With where we sit, I think that our partner is also excited. We've done some things in the Campanian, with this well, we gained -- collected some extra data. We're doing some things with an exploration well that you typically would not do, which helps us gain some insight into what we've got. And so we'll -- in the end, it's going to boil down to us being aligned with our partner. And of course, aligned with the Staatsolie and the government of Suriname in terms of the pace and moving it forward. But I think in the end, it's going to be the quality of the rock and the resource potential that's going to drive that.
John Christmann: Well, I think, what all my comment says is that, it's of a quality that would look at an accelerated pace. I think in their press release today they stated that, there will be an appraisal and exploration program early next year to appraise our discovery. So I'll just leave it at that.
John Christmann: Yeah. The thing I'll say is, if you look at the first two wells, the Santonian has been more oily than the Campanian. So I will tell you everything looks good here. We are in a position, because we had done some additional work in the upper zones. And set pipe in the Campanian that we had a lot of that -- all that information. There is still more that we are collecting here but we felt like we were at a position with the materiality that we should talk about it. I'll let Dave to give a little more color on the Santonian there.
John Christmann: Yeah, Mike, first of all, thank you. I mean when you look at the seismic we knew Kwaskwasi was going to be a prolific fairway, as the other two were. It boils down a little bit about the depositional environment. I mean once again, we're in such a large area and these wells are so far apart, that you have to drill them to learn that. So I mean clearly, it exceeded what would have been pre-drill. But we knew there was that kind of potential. And there is -- the exciting thing about it is we've got a lot more of this block to explore, but clearly, very excited about it.
John Christmann: I mean I think when you step back and look, as we said we had multiple fairways. I think there – and you look at the size and think about this it's equivalent of 250 Gulf of Mexico blocks. So moving across there. A lot of it has to do just with how the – how things were deposited. But we've got a full another fairway that it will be testing. So we're anxious to move over and see. But everything looks really good on the seismic. So we're anxious to move on to Keskesi after Kwaskwasi.
John Christmann: I would just say it's really more depositionally. There's nothing tricky with it. Geology is pretty level out here. So it's very exciting. I think it just goes to the quality in the Cretaceous here both with the Campanian and the Santonian. So as we've said, there are other play types that we are still looking forward to testing. The Turonian is a target we had at Maka. There's more to do. We've really – with the Campanian and Santonian, we're really only fully starting to evaluate two of the play types, we think there's seven or eight – so there's multiple targets. So a lot of exploration to do. And obviously, we got a lot of appraisal work to do on these first three discoveries.
John Christmann: Well just the timing of how – if you look Charles, we're really still moving across one direction across this block with these first four wells. We haven't even started to move the other direction which would be north and south. So we're going to – Keskesi, obviously move to the other side of Sapakara. So we'll talk about that with the future exploration wells.
John Christmann: I'd just say in general, it's better. It's better if you look at the one net fee to pay both in the Santonian and in the Campanian are greater than we had in the first two wells combined. So that's one element. But I'll also tell you the quality looks fantastic. So at this point that's all we're going to say about it.
John Christmann: Yes. I mean, what I would say is I don't know where the four appraisal or four development wells came from. We're drilling four exploration wells this year. Under the terms of our joint venture us and our partner can each propose four exploration wells so there could be eight going forward. What we've stated is there will be both an appraisal program and an exploration program in 2021 and we plan to try to get started as early as we can. So clearly the comment is with what we've got and some of the things we're doing here, this is of a quality and magnitude that it would warrant trying to look at could it be accelerated is all we're saying.
John Christmann: Yes. John, a really good question. I think the first thing I would say is in my prepared remarks, I laid out too that with where the strip is today CapEx probably comes down for the whole in '21. And that's just because of how we prioritize things. As it relates to the pie, Suriname, the way we structured our joint venture, it really doesn't change, how much capital we have to put into Suriname. So, clearly it's just going to boil down to how much capital do we want to spend. And with where the strip sits today, I really think that the CapEx budget is going to come down because, we're going to want to generate some free cash flow that can go towards reducing our debt.
John Christmann: It really doesn't because I mean we've been -- I think, we understand the potential there. Clearly, there's things we're going to want to try to move forward on an accelerated pace if we can, but we also have a very large block that we have to continue to explore. And so, we're going to want to continue exploring. I think the exploration pace will be pretty similar to what it is today. And then, it will just be a function of what we need to do on the appraisal side with our partner.
John Christmann: I mean, Gail, we're -- we continue to work Egypt hard. And we've shot a big -- a very large 3D there. We continue to high-grade our inventory. We do have some interesting things that are on the schedule that we're anxious to drill some stratigraphic targets. And at some point, if they work like we think they could work then there will be some things to talk about.
John Christmann: Yes. Arun, I'll just say, we have a kind of a procedure through the concessions that we follow. And we have submitted the appraisal plan for Maka. We are working on the appraisal plan for Sapakara. There will be one that follows Kwaskwasi and clearly there's going to be an appraisal program that starts in early '21. And at this point, that's all I'm at liberty to really say, but we look forward to getting after it.
John Christmann: Yes. I mean, it's -- really it's -- Ptah and Berenice it really kicked off this whole effort. Prior to drilling those wells, we'd shot new 3D in 2013. They were on our legacy acreage position called offset. It really opened our eyes to the fact that we needed to start looking stratigraphically not just structurally in Egypt. We had found some things that were stratigraphic in nature through some of the wells that we had drilled in the past. But it really had us design the 3D, which we've been shooting and obviously we picked up new acreage and are shooting that over a lot of our old legacy as well, so a lot of prospectivity. We've got some wells that we're pretty excited to drill. And the nice thing about those is their vertical. They're onshore and there are the other wells we're drilling. So we can do them pretty quickly. It's just a matter of working through all the details and prioritizing. The rig count there we've also reduced. We're currently at five. We'd like to spend more there, if we could, so.
John Christmann: Yes. I mean, Scott, good question. I mean, I think, what you're learning too and is what we're learning, we've still got work to do. We'll continue to reprocess seismic. There are some carbonates and some things that make it harder. We're fairly deep here, as you saw with the TD that we announced in this well. So we're going to continue to work that. I mean it's -- I think what it really points out is just the vast size as you move from these first three wells between them and the size of the block. So we're going to get smarter with the reprocessing to better understand everything and put it all together. But the good news is, we've got a massive hydrocarbon system. Its working, its oil and we've got good reservoir in the Santonian and in the Campanian. So we'll learn more as we go and as we really start to drill wells. We've just drilled three. So with -- we'll learn more as we go. 
John Christmann: No. I mean, as we stated, we had I think nine wells permitted. We knew we would drill three for sure; likely, the fourth was the option we exercised. So there were -- we've got five other locations out there that were picked. Could be appraisal could be others so -- other exploration targets. But we've stick in with where the original wells were on most of these. I mean, it's Sapakara, we moved over one. So as you go and you learn more, you set yourself up to try to get smarter. But it's going to take some more work with the seismic to really change some of the interpretation that we did on the front end.
John Christmann: Well, I mean, I'd say, that number one, we'll determine the number of appraisal wells that we need through the program. So -- and we're working on that. So I really don't have anything to say other than there's going to be a program and obviously, we've got three discoveries to appraise and there will be contingency wells as we work through those appraisal programs that you'll have with those. Time line, we said normal process you're probably in the four to five range, in terms of years. Obviously, there’re ways that that could be accelerated, but I'm not ready to comment on anything at this point in terms of putting anything out there. I mean we're -- it's all fresh. We've got the log. We're working through this with our partner. We're working on right now, the Sapakara appraisal plan. And then, we're going to get after the Kwaskwasi appraisal plan following that pretty quickly so…
John Christmann: I mean, I'd just say with the portfolio, we're always working the portfolio. We're always looking at how we improve. When we look at our acreage positions out in the Permian specifically, the good news is, we don't have a lot of wells. We have to drill the whole acreage. In fact, mostly everything is HBD [ph]. So we've been looking at working swaps and things to improve our lateral fit in terms of drillable -- lateral feet. And then, I mean, it's -- we're always watching and looking and evaluating the portfolio. I'll just say what we typically do is, just come back and talk to the market after we've done things, rather than setting out expectations or anything on the front end.
John Christmann: Thoughts are that -- I mean, it's --we're -- they're very sizable, but we haven't given any color. And we haven't started to put any acreage size on any of these at this point. And I think it's premature. It's something we'd come back with after we've done the appraisal programs. 
John Christmann: In the way we structured our joint venture, we've kind of got everything worked in and planned around. I mean that was the main reason we held on to 100% of this block and really farm down 50% because we are really setting ourselves up for success because we believe there was a tremendous amount of potential and thought very likely we would find ourselves in this position. And so that's how we structured it. So it's really not going to create an incremental capital call that we can't fund it really at any price. Now you get into second quarter where we got -- all bets are off, but really in an even sub-$30 world we will be focused on paying down debt and funding Suriname. 
John Christmann: No, Egypt works really well. I mean -- and quite frankly, that the driver there is how much free cash flow do we think we can spend and invest there. I would like to spend more because we've got a lot of prospectivity there and it works quite well. So we'll be looking to try to spend more money in Egypt if we possibly can. 
John Christmann: No, Leo I mean, I think, the point is we're managing the company for free cash flow and long-term returns. And it's not about production growth. I mean, obviously, we're not spending at a level today that would be maintaining production. We do know from past history that as you go forward with us with our decline rates some of these conventional assets really start to arrest that decline. So it would take more in the future, but it's a matter of priorities of how we're managing the company. And I think some of these other assets some of the things you talked about they're going to hold up pretty well with under investment. 
John Christmann: No. I would just say that number one we typically as a rule don't comment on rumors and with the -- as we think about portfolio and changes, we typically talk about them after we've done things right? So if you look at us today, we've always believed in a portfolio. We've believed in diversity. We think we've got strong international assets. We maintained those at a time when there was push to try to move to more of a pure-play model. And so we've always maintained the balance. We believe in having an exposure to all the commodities and multiple strong legs to the stool that keeps it strong so. 
John Christmann: Yes. I mean when you look at 58, it's a lot to say grace over for us. We're obviously -- it was important to us to structure our joint venture where we could maintain 50% of the profit oil. We're thrilled to have Block 53. I think directionally the way things are moving it bodes well for 53. So at this point we've got quite a bit to say grace over in that part of the world but. 
John Christmann: Yes. Paul it's just early. I mean clearly the benefit of having these fairways and things is you're going to have all sorts of options. The key is having resource, oil and as you work through that and that's some of the stuff that will go into the planning of how we appraise and ultimately make those decisions. But there's a lot of optionality to how you do it. 
John Christmann: No. I mean we like our assets in the Permian. I think we've always believed it was a key pillar. I think what -- in this price environment today, we've just got places that are going to get capital before that's going to get it. And I'll just -- I'll leave it at that. 
John Christmann: Apache will operate the Keskesi well. After that well is when we've already started transitioning with our partner Total. And I will say, we chose the right partner for a lot of reasons and we're excited to continue working with them and let them take the reins as operator. 
John Christmann: Thank you, operator. And thank you to everyone that has dialed in today. To close the call I'd like to leave you with three key takeaways: first, Apache has responded quickly and aggressively to the volatile price environment thus far in 2020 we are exceeding our cost and capital reduction goals and we'll continue to relentlessly work these initiatives. Second, we are laser-focused on free cash flow generation debt reduction and investing for long-term returns not production growth; and lastly, we have a differentiated portfolio that offers attractive investment options in this volatile oil price environment. The long-term future of that portfolio is underpinned by Suriname where our success rate thus far indicates a very large high-quality oil resource. We look forward to sharing our progress as we continue to appraise our discoveries and explore for additional oil. And with that we will conclude the call. 
Dave Pursell: Yeah. Thanks John. So Doug, John talked about some additional testing in the Campanian. So it's important from a timing perspective we did some additional deeper investigation-type testing. And it does two things for us. It gives us a composite flow capacity and allows us to see a little deeper in the reservoir than conventional fluid testing allows. So we've -- we're through the Santonian. We have the conventional wireline logs collected. Based on our experience with the mud logging and the open-hole wireline logging, on Maka, Sapakara and the Campanian in this well, we feel confident that we have oil, in significant portion of the Santonian. So we felt like, we were fine with releasing. We still have work to do. We still have to collect fluids and pressures. We have core data to collect. And we anticipate doing some of the additional deeper investigation testing, on this interval. So I wouldn't read too much into the fact that we don't have -- we didn't release API gravities because we don't have those collected yet.
Dave Pursell: Yes. Bob this is Dave Pursell. Good try. We – it's something that would be between – if you want to call them mini drill stem tests that would be a reasonable characterization. It's something between a full drill stem test and what you typically would get from a fluid sampling operation. So again what we're getting from this is composite flow capacity of a – instead of a point permeability measurement from a core sample, we're getting a composite flow capacity and then another benefit is some deeper investigation for pressures into the reservoir. So we're still evaluating that data. But that's what we're doing. And again, we anticipate performing those tests in the Santonian as well.
Dave Pursell: Yes, Brian, this is Dave Pursell. I think it's premature to go down any details on that. But the way I think you could think about it is, the oil is going to drive the initial development here. And then gas or gas condensate development is beyond that kind of a phase two, if you will. And, obviously, there'd be some scale benefit in the basin, if that were an option. But we're -- there's a long fairway between here and that determination.
Dave Pursell: Yes Dave. This is Dave Pursell. Good -- thanks for the question. Yes when I think about a mini DST the -- probably the most important piece of information because there's a mini DST is the composite flow capacity. So we're getting that aggregate kind of near wellbore perm across a thicker interval. The deeper reservoir investigation is an added benefit but we still -- you're still not getting out as far as you would in a true conventional drill stem test. So what this is going to -- and the number of tests we're going to perform is dependent on a lot of factors on thickness and a number of things. But what the results are really going to allow us to do is, be able to be more thoughtful in the appraisal program as we come in and design more traditional drill stem test. And so it's a really good piece of information that's going to again make us smarter during an appraisal. 
