John J. Christmann: Thank you, Steve. Before taking questions, I wanted to make a few closing comments. Apache used the industry downturn to drive substantial change and improvement. We drastically reduced our cost structure, implemented a rigorous and integrated capital allocation and planning process, upgraded and expanded our drilling inventory, improved our capital efficiency, and positioned ourselves extremely well for the future. We invested a high percentage of our precious capital in strategic testing and captured the Alpine High play. This significant new discovery reflects not only the company's strategic focus on organic growth, but also highlights the strong technical capabilities that were necessary to discover and secure it. In 2017, we will continue to manage oil and gas price volatility by setting a reasonable expected price band and gearing our capital spending, return targets, and capital structure to the lower end of that band. Should realized prices come in higher, we will maintain the operational and financial flexibility and optionality to respond accordingly, as we have done in 2016. Our overall strategic approach will remain unchanged. Apache will live within its means, maintain its strong financial position, continue to build and develop our high-quality drilling inventory, and invest our capital with a primary focus on improving long-term returns and creating shareholder value. And with that, I'll turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A.
John J. Christmann: Ed, at this point I don't want to talk about capacity. I think a 30-inch line will tell you that it will move a tremendous amount of gas.
John J. Christmann: So I just want to leave it at that, because obviously with compression and so forth, you can do a lot there. But we're not in the position to talk about scale. That's just the main trunk line through the field and in terms of what we have to run from north to south.
John J. Christmann: I think the first thing is, and Tim Sullivan did a good job in the script of walking through this. What we've got is a hydrocarbon system that has 5,000 feet of stack pay. And so what the purpose of that well really to do was, was to prove that we have oil production at a depth of around 9,000 feet, which confirms our geologic model and our thermal maturity model. So quite frankly, we're very pleased with that well. It's a very short lateral. It's a small frac. It was more designed to test the geologic model and the maturity model. And quite frankly, what's impressive about it is the GOR has been stable and is relatively flat, and you've seen the water lines come down. So we're quite pleased with it. As we've said all along, we have not tried to drill big press release wells that are going to blow everybody away with their production rates. This was a well that was designed to confirm we have oil production. We have a very rich column all the way from 9,000 feet down to 14,000 feet, which the Redwood confirmed when we move from oil down to wet gas down to dry gas. And the beauty of it is, unlike other plays where you have a 200-foot zone that you're trying to track aerially across windows, we've got such a thick column here and we have the maturity all the way up the column. So all we have to do is move our pole and we will have more oil and so forth. So as we get into further test points and start to delineate and start to drill some other wells, we'll bring on some other things. But the important point here is it validates there is oil production at 9,100 feet and 43 gravity API, and I think it's something we're very excited about.
John J. Christmann: Arun, as I just mentioned, we've got a model that is confirmed and has been validated. And really, the oil cut is going to be a function of thermal maturity and the depth of burial. And so as you move up, the only Barnett well we've drilled has a 20% cut. Below that, in the deeper Woodford wells we've drilled, we've anywhere from zero up to 21%. So the point in this whole thing is that we've got multiple zones across a window, a hydrocarbon system that we know has hydrocarbons ranging from oil from 9,000 feet and probably shallower – I mean, we've got some other indications it could go shallower – down to 14,000 feet. So those cuts are going to be a function of which rock we place in those depths. And quite frankly, the transgressive sequence from the Woodford up through the Penn, it really doesn't matter what age it was laid down. It's more a function of where it is in the maturity model. And so as we move up, we will see higher oil cuts, and we're confident in that. And we've got wells that we're drilling that we'll be bringing forth in the future that will design those. You can look at the oil cut in the Mont Blanc 2H, and it's very good at 9,100 feet. So I've tried to articulate what you've got is a hydrocarbon system, okay, which is unique because we've got five stack pays, different types of rocks. And as you move up, the cuts are all going to be a function of depth and temperature. And that's the good thing about it is everything's been validated and we can predict it, and everything's coming in at or better than our model would suggest.
John J. Christmann: Brian, when we come out in February with our year-end call and give a look on 2017, we'll give some specific color. Obviously, this year, we've ramped up to $500 million in the Alpine High play, and we said 40% of that would be towards the midstream. I'll say directionally, you'll probably see numbers go up next year in Alpine, but I'm not in a position to give you a whole lot more color than that. I mean, the good news is we can fund it, and we're on a pace to bring on really this first big phase that will carry us through what ultimately would be a bigger build-out in subsequent years. So it'll be done incrementally and in a way that we can handle it.
John J. Christmann: A couple things, Brian. I didn't see anything on a reserve impact in Canada. I'm looking at Steve...
John J. Christmann: In regards to Egypt, Brian, having just gotten back from there the week before last, and my third trip over there, I've actually seen President Al-Sisi twice this year. I've got to give them a lot of credit. They're on the right path. They're doing the right things. They're in the process of securing a loan from the IMF. This is all part of a process to go through and start to take some of the subsidies out and do the things to put the country onto the right track. So I actually feel very good about where things are. Our relationship is good. I think they understand how important Apache is. So we feel very good about that aspect of it. They've just got to go through a reset. And the good news is they're taking this head on and they're working on doing that. So we feel good about our overall situation though.
John J. Christmann: Obviously, John, you can look at the math, and things change significantly for us starting in the back half of 2017. What I'll say is when we look at the volumes coming out of Alpine High, we're not talking hundreds of millions of cubic feet of gas a day, you're probably talking billions a day with a lot of oil and liquids associated with it. So our profiles are going to change dramatically. I think when we come out in 2017, we'll talk a little bit about 2017, and most of that is going to occur in the back half of 2017. So we'll start to give some color, but it's going to be a different profile then we've probably had in our history.
John J. Christmann: Yes. The big controlling factor there, obviously, is the land ownership. We showed a well in the ops report today that's about 8,500 feet. So clearly where we have the land to do that, your limitation isn't the rock in terms of how far you can drill. So we'll be drilling as long laterals as we can and optimizing those on pads.
John J. Christmann: Bob, the thing I would say is the good news is our pace for the development of Alpine is going to be governed at the start based on the build-out of the infrastructure and just the amount of time it takes to collect the data and do this properly in a way that's going to maximize the NPV and the returns. So it's not a matter of needing more capital to try to accelerate Alpine, the Alpine High play. It's going to get its capital at that pace. And then amazingly, it becomes cash flow positive pretty fast and self-funding. I think the bigger question will be as we look at the portfolio, Steve mentioned in his comments, we've got a lot of things we can defer as we have really the last two years. As we shut down, we're doing strategic testing and stuff. Most of our acreage is HBP. We've got a lot of really other attractive plays, and a lot of that will depend on what capital budget we want to run and what price deck we're comfortable spending at in terms of how we feather those in and that sort of thing. If there clearly are things at higher prices that we don't envision ourselves getting to, then obviously we would be looking at some of those options over the next couple years. So those are all things that would be on the table.
John J. Christmann: What I would say is they had the scope and scale of the Alpine High. We're in a process where they have seen numbers going into 2017 and have sanctioned those. And the cost of this for what we've got identified looks fantastic, but it is a board-level approval and has been approved by our Board of Directors under our normal course of business.
John J. Christmann: What I would say is Alpine is going to get its capital. We're going to invest to sustain North Sea and Egypt. Permian is going to get a big chunk of its capital. And then how that pie changes is going to be a function of what price deck we're comfortable running with and how much capital we pour. So we've seen a lot of volatility. We've gone from the low $50s to the mid-$40s. And so obviously every $5 of oil price and the movement of gas price means a lot to us in terms of that. So as we start out 2017, a lot of that's just going to hinge on what price we've got we feel comfortable using. The good news is we made a lot of progress over the last 18 months, not just on our Alpine and just on our Permian. We've got a lot of really strong projects that are very competitive. We've got a nice SCOOP position in the Woodford with 52,000 net and 200,000 gross acres out there, a nice little position in the STACK. You've seen some of the results from some of the Montney and the Duvernay today. So we've got a lot of other quality projects that we're fortunate that we can defer a few of those. But it's all going to hinge on ultimately where we shake down on the capital plan going into 2017 is going to be where will we'll start. And of course, the main thing is we're going to maintain the flexibility like we did this year by budgeting a little bit conservatively to then react and ramp up because we've got a lot of optionality and a lot of opportunity in our portfolio both within the Permian and the other parts of the portfolio.
John J. Christmann: What I'll say is, number one, we completed our 3D shoot on Block 58, so we'll be looking at that. We'll get that seismic in full evaluation sometime next year. So we're excited about Block 58. It's right in the kitchen. We own it 100%. Block 53 we're partners in. we've got 45% of that. We have a commitment well that we're going to spud first quarter, the Kolibri #1. We're very excited about it. It's a very, very strong prospect. There are some follow-on prospects. And quite frankly, it's an exploration well, but it needs to be drilled, and we're very excited about it. But it's exploration, and it will be first quarter of 2017.
Stephen J. Riney: Yeah, so the direct financial impact is pretty minimal, actually, Arun. By contract, all of our revenues come in U.S. dollars, both on the gas and on the oil side. Oil, we actually export, sell in the open market, and get U.S. dollars into U.S. bank accounts. On the cost side, we do have some costs that are based in Egyptian pounds, which means that we're a net Egyptian pound buyer. On a quarterly basis, we buy about $100 million worth of Egyptian pounds. And we buy them obviously at a rate at which we would consume them. So the logical conclusion would be that the devaluation would benefit us on the cost side. But actually, we would anticipate that inflation would mostly offset that over time. And then, just as a general rule, on a day-to-day basis, we generally hold a pretty minimal amount of Egyptian pounds at any one point in time. And just as an example, at September 30 we had a little over $50,000 worth of Egyptian pounds on hand. So the actual exposure to the Egyptian pound in a direct financial basis is pretty minimal. Of course, the more macro issue is that Egypt is going through a very difficult time. They're doing all of the right things, but it's going to be very difficult, and it's going to be tough on the economy, and we obviously keep a very close eye on that.
Stephen J. Riney: Yeah, I would also say – so let's start with the 30-inch trunk line. That is a trunk line through the field, but we have three directions in which we can connect to markets. And eventually I would hope and assume that we would be connected in all three directions, and therefore the trunk line can flow in different directions. And obviously therefore, it's not – the amount of gas that the field can produce is not limited by a unilateral flow of gas through the trunk line. It can flow in different directions. And then there will be a third connection most likely to the east from the middle of the field over to Waha. So the capacity of the field to produce and transport gas out is not actually limited by one-direction flow of a 30-inch line with compression. I think you could probably get a pretty good estimate of what the capital costs are going to be over the next few years. We're going to put in all the pipes and the connects over the next two years, 2017-2018. We're actually going to begin construction on the trunk line before the end of this year. So we'll have trunk line connections, hopefully north-south into Waha, and an NGL line, most likely into the Waha direction as well, by the end of 2018. And I think industry estimates probably work to figure out the cost of that. A 60-mile trunk line less than 10 miles to the north and south, and then just less than 50 miles over to Waha. On the processing side, we're going to be – you can put in refrigeration units in the 50 million to 100 million cubic feet per day increments. That works economically. And for both processing and compression, an industry cost estimate of somewhere in the $0.40 to $0.60 per cubic feet per day in terms of capital spending is probably a reasonable estimate. So whatever you're assuming in terms of our development profile and production profile, you can pretty much match a field processing and compression profile with that and get a decent estimate of the capital spending. We do anticipate that we will put in processing and compression capacity in advance of us needing it, so we won't be takeaway constrained – processing or takeaway constrained. We'll be well deliverability constrained.
Stephen J. Riney: So we had an impairment in Canada, and it was due to reserves related to both well performance but also to net-back realizations and the impact on PUDs that were booked at that point in time. So we took a reserve write-down in Canada, and the $355 million pre-tax impairment was related to the reserves.
