John J. Christmann: Well, Dave, I mean, I think the first thing is we took a more conservative approach earlier in the year when we kind of carved out a $50 budget back in February. So it's put us in a position where we've been counting the – trying to get our heads around what $50 means and working hard on our cost structure. You know, I think clearly with the – when you look at the activity increase, while we're adding back three rigs in North America, it's really going to be just one rig increase over what we ran in the second quarter. So we're trying to kind of streamline our activity with where we envision things would be in that price range, as you mentioned. I think the good news is we've got flexibility and as we're working on our plans for 2016 right now, we'll work on it even harder, but we've got flexibility to move up or down from this point. So the first thing was, was to kind of synchronize to this price environment and we'll maintain flexibility that we could ratchet down or ratchet up a little bit if necessary.
John J. Christmann: Yeah, I think that first of all, we've got a deep inventory, projects that work at low prices, so we feel good about the inventory. I think the key is, we do and we've said from the get-go this year we had a heavy outspend Q1. I think we did an excellent job of getting in line in Q2. So as we start to think about 2016, we do want to be in line within cash flow and kind of living within our means. We're working through our planning process right now in great detail, and as that becomes a little bit more clear and we think about it, as we work through it, we'll be able to give a little bit more color on the next call. But in general, I think the important thing is, we've proven what we can do this year on a much lower decreased CapEx budget. We've proven that our costs – our dollars are going further. And I think with the initiatives we have and the way the cost structure, the G&A, we're going to be able to do more with even less capital in 2016 if necessary.
John J. Christmann: Leo, two things. Number one, I think when you look at the acreage market out there, there's stuff off the beaten path that I think we'd be interested in. And we don't budget for that, but we're clearly always looking for things that work in low price environment. I think when you step back and look at the bigger picture M&A market right now, some of the price decks that have been used to justify some of those transactions I think have been relatively high. And I think if you go back to our portfolio, at $80 we've got a lot of inventory that works. And so from my standpoint, we would look at things incrementally. The good news is we've taken the steps to put our balance sheet in great shape, so we've got capacity, we've got a credit facility in place and we've aligned our cost structure and our activity levels to current so we've got lots of flexibility. And I think the key is, is we've got a good portfolio and it would have to be something that made sense incrementally to what we have in terms of what we could add. So I think in general, the market's been a little pricey. These last transactions have been using a higher deck than I think what's bearing out right now.
John J. Christmann: As we look at the back half of the year, we'll run approximately 16 rigs in North America. 13 rigs of those will be in the Permian. We'll have five in the Delaware, like we maintained all year. You'll have the other eight in our Midland Basin and Central Basin Platform/Northwest Shelf. You'll see us sprinkle a few more rigs into the Midland Basin second half of the year. You'll also see one rigs to two rigs from us in the Woodford, which is working quite well in the low price environment. And with the results that we mentioned on our Walker wells in the Eagle Ford, we're pretty excited about that as well. So when I look at North America, you'll see most of the work being in the Permian. Internationally, quite frankly, both Egypt and the North Sea compete very well and have great rates of return in terms of those projects. So we've scaled back there this year like we did in all the other areas, but we've got good inventory there. Look at what we're doing with Ptah and Berenice. I mean, we've now got 10 wells on, producing more than 23,000 barrels a day and that's constrained with facilities, there's room for that number to go higher and it's going higher as we speak. So I think we've got a lot of inventory at low prices that's going to keep us busy for a long time.
John J. Christmann: Yeah, Brian. I mean, it is a little more complex. You've got, as I've mentioned in the past, your geologic setting is critical as well as your fluid. I mean, you've got everything from a dry gas to a black oil. You've got a wet gas, a volatile oil in there. There is higher clay content. It's a little thinner. So I think one of the key areas we have been able to make some progress on our completion procedures. And the latest four wells we brought on, the two Walkers and the two Raes, I think if you look at the two Walker wells, those wells in a little over three months have produced 83,000 barrels and 80,000 barrels of just oil alone. So we're pretty excited about those results. Well costs are in the low $7 million range and we feel really good about the economics. So, I mean, I think we've definitely made some progress. We're still working spacing. We will put a rig back to work there and continue to highlight the fairway there. But a big breakthrough for us technically on the fracking side.
John J. Christmann: If you go back, the best place to go back and look at our portfolio there would be our November 20 update. We kind of circled the four counties. We showed around 200,000 acres as I recall. In addition to Wildfire, we've got our Powell-Miller area, we've got our Azalea area. We've got a lot of running room in there. We've really just had a rig or two working. So we're very encouraged. It's an area we've got room to add. If you go back to our November update, we were planning to run eight to ten rigs. We'll probably have two to four or five rigs in there roughly this back half of this year. So we've got a lot of running room and we're very encouraged by the results. We're also taking a pretty measured approach on our flow backs. We've been experimenting with the frac procedures. We've taken some of those up to 3,000 pounds per foot. So we're making headway in there and feel good about the inventory.
John J. Christmann: That would be a little high. What we'd say a normal backlog. You know, when we were blowing and going, we were down to maybe 1.5 wells per rig. Some of the pads, you'll get a few more. If you go back to, we actually came into 2015 with 216 wells in backlog, and I think about 45 wells of those were verticals. So when you look at our horizontal backlog, it was in the 160 to 170 range. I think the number was 166 wells. We've kind of guided to 80 to 100. And that number may creep up, but we feel good about that range. So it's going to be a little higher, and that's just a function of still keeping an eye on prices and keeping a handle on our CapEx spend in this low price environment.
John J. Christmann: No, when we backed off for the first part of the year, the completion costs hadn't come down yet. And right now we've currently got two frac crews in the northern portion of that and we've got two in the south, and we're just going at it very methodically. And so there's clearly room to accelerate, but we don't see any reason. And obviously in hindsight, with this recent drop in prices, we've been prudent not to do that.
John J. Christmann: Well, John, one of the things that's not talked about a lot, we hear about the oil rates, we hear about the gas rates in the Delaware, we don't get a lot from other companies on the water rates. These wells are high pressure. The Delaware is characterized by very high pressure and you will get some very, very high water rates. And so we've been going in and really understanding our geology, using our 3D seismic, trying to understand how we want to complete these and buffer around areas where we can eliminate some of the water production. If we can take those water cuts down just a few percentage points, it makes a big difference, one on your cost, your LOE, because you're having to handle the water, not to mention your ultimate recoveries and that sort of thing. So we're trying to move the needle and produce these wells at higher ultimate oil cuts, and we're really trying to understand the geologic system and the framework to how to complete them.
John J. Christmann: Well, we've got an unconventional center in San Antonio. We've got our regions now. We've maintained a really three super regions as we have called them. Permian we have a big presence out there, which is handling our Midland Basin and Central Basin Platform/North West Shelf, our San Antonio has our Delaware Basin and our unconventional technology center. In the Houston region now, we've consolidated by closing Tulsa and collapsed our central region properties in with our Gulf Coast and actually Canada now reports into that. And we also have a technology center here in Houston that does a lot of support around the world on kind of our EP technology. So not to mention our Corporate Reservoir Engineering Group here, our enhanced recovery, and some other things. So really Houston, San Antonio, and then our regional offices. And then our international, we still maintain our presence in Cairo for Egypt and Aberdeen for the North Sea.
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean I think the important thing there is we had to really focus in on the completion procedures and the geologic settings. And so actually backing down those rigs was a blessing for us. It's let us really spend some time. We've had a frac crew out there and we've done some work, and like I said, the last four wells we reported, we've made some significant progress in understanding the complexities geologically and what's going on in the Eagle Ford. When we start to look at the numbers today, it competes extremely well, which is why we're going to put a rig back in there. But we have got Woodford that competes very well as well as Permian, as well as some of our other areas. So we've got a deep inventory and a lot of areas competing for capital. And we're glad to be able to put it back to work in the Eagle Ford.
John J. Christmann: I would say the acreage that we want HBP, will have HBP. So clearly the fair way there is we're understanding that. I mentioned that it is not a blanket fluid system, and so it's important to understand your system. But the acreage, we're not worried about losing acreage that we'd want to hang onto.
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean, if you look at our overall portfolio decline, we're in the 25% range. I mean, we highlighted in my prepared remarks today our Permian is around 22%. It's helped by our Central Basin Platform/North West Shelf. We're working through our planning process right now. And the one thing I would say is that if you look at 2015 relative to 2014, we now are going to show growth in North America on a significantly reduced CapEx program, but we're not in a position to give you guidance in terms of what would be "maintenance" in terms of – if you're asking maintaining flat production or that sort of thing.
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean, I think there's two things. Number one, we were probably the earliest out there on the service side, and if you look at our savings today to the 25%, there's probably more than half of that is operational things and logistics and things we've done to get better. My conversations with the service companies have moved to, this has never been about margin, we're just asking them, they've got to make the margin to have a healthy business. It's been, though, we've got to sit down and figure out how to work together and how they get smarter, and how we can take costs out of the system that don't need to be passed through. So bottom-line on, it is in a low price environment, it doesn't matter if you're operating at negative margin, you're going to have to find a way to get more creative and get your cost structure down. And I think it's a matter of us rolling up our sleeves, working with them, and finding creative ways to take costs out of the system, which is what we do and that's what's we'll – that's what's happening right now across the industry, and that's what we'll continue to do in the future. I mean, when you look at the numbers second quarter, the market had pretty well baked in recovery into the mid-$60s on oil price back half of the year. And clearly that's not – it doesn't look like that's the case, and so as a result, the cost side's going to have to come down and we're going to have to work together and get in the trenches and figure out how to lower them.
John J. Christmann: Well, I don't know if Steve, wants to add something. I think it's just a function of having Brent pricing and predominantly oil-driven revenues. And Tom Voytovich has another comment too.
John J. Christmann: Well, what we said is, if you look at our fourth quarter, December's going to be our highest month. So we're not in a position to give that number at this point. If you take our North American guidance, we gave numbers in terms of we got actuals first quarter, second quarter, 307,000 BOEs, 317,000 BOEs, gets you to 312,000 BOEs for the first half average. Our midpoint of our guidance range would be 307,000 BOE for the year, which means you average 302,000 BOE the back half. We've said third quarter is going to be under that and fourth quarter we're going to see a nice rebound, so and I think there's room in those numbers. So with that, it's about all I'll say at this point. And we guided to kind of 164,000 BOE to 168,000 BOE on our international. And it's going to be probably relatively flat.
John J. Christmann: I mean that clearly we're not giving full color. I think what we've looked at and if you look at how we've been able to stretch capital this year, with where our cost structures are and the quality of our inventory, we feel like we can be relatively stable, and it would be more year-over-year. But we'll come out with something more definitive at the appropriate time.
John J. Christmann: Well, we've been gearing our cost structure to a $50 price environment. The thing I would say though is, with the efficiencies and things we're doing today, it will not take the number of rigs in the future in a higher price environment, so I mean, I think we've got – we've set this thing up to where it's kind of an accordion that can take on a lot more activity, but we tried to gear it towards the low price environment because what I can't do is be wasting dollars in terms of G&A that I should be putting in the ground that can be generating results. And so we've tried to get real frugal on where we need to be, and then in typical Apache fashion, we feel pretty good. We've got a footprint in place that will expand fairly significantly because I think what we've done this year has been really healthy. We needed – as Apache and quite frankly as an industry – to look at our overall cost structure, even in a high-price environment. And we feel real good about where we are and how we've geared it and that we're definitely prepared for lower prices.
John J. Christmann: I'm going to let Tim Sullivan, who I have not let him handle a question yet. But I'll let Tim, jump in and talk through those numbers a little bit for you.
John J. Christmann: Let me back up there. We're at, like, 70 right now. We'll end the year at about 45 with total Permian.
John J. Christmann: 43 – it's going to be 50. We're roughly – we're projecting about 52, if you add verticals and horizontals for combined Permian.
John J. Christmann: Well, I would say in general, if you look at where we are today, you look at the rig count we're running and you look at the price environment, I don't have a crystal ball out there what's going to look like in a couple of months, but it's probably pretty similar, I mean we've done a good job this year. We're really drilling the things we want to drill. We don't have an area where we are in what I'd call development mode, with the exception of maybe our Ptah and Berenice area in Egypt. So as you start to think about going forward, I think capital is going to go to the best places, but we've got it in those projects that are working the best right now. And as you think about the incremental capital back half of the year, we're putting a little bit back to work in the Eagle Ford. We're putting a little bit back to work in the Woodford and obviously in the Permian in conjunction with our international.
John J. Christmann: Right now we're looking at them as individual zones, just another well that can be drilled from the pads. And the good news is we've got a full pad in and they're pretty compelling. And we're not in communication. And the second zone is performing really in line with the primary zone.
John J. Christmann: Well, you've got to look at the areas where you think you've got the most impact or running room. And the real driver is you can't lower costs if you don't put a rig in there. And a lot of what we're doing this year is strategic testing, like the second landing zone in the third Bone Spring. We've just got to look at those and see how they stack up and see how many and then we'll go to work on that. But very few places right now in North America are we parking rigs on pads and trying to develop things. I think it's a function of right now setting up opportunities and really continuing to line our cost structure and get our returns at the levels we want before we'd go back to work with major development programs.
John J. Christmann: Well, in terms of the number of rigs, I think we could add as many as we wanted to. We were running 93 last fall. So that's not hard. It will all come down to cash flow and economics and where's the cost structure. So what will be the driver – and we've been real consistent on that theme all year, is it takes the cash flow from our operations to be able to drive our programs. Over the long haul, we can go to the balance sheet from time to time if we felt like there was an opportunity. But in general, we want to be balanced and living within our means. And so it will be a function of the cash flow that we have to reinvest versus what other opportunities are out there.
John J. Christmann: We are seeing savings there. The one thing in Egypt, you really never had the run up from 2009 on the rigs that you had in the service side in North America. So dollars go further, which is why we've been running a number of rigs in Egypt. When you look at the North Sea, we've had a lot of success. The one thing we haven't talked about is we sanctioned a project that's pretty critical to us. It's Aviat. It's a $200 million project over two years. It's in the numbers now this year. We're going to spend about $100 million. But the big deal on that is we're going to convert the field to field gas from diesel. And it's a very economic project, it makes great rate of return. But the big deal is is it's going to be safer, it's going to be environmentally friendly and it's going to give us field gas supply where we're not having to bunker diesel to well into a 2030 timeframe. So it's an important project. It's about $100 million. That's part of what's in that North Sea number this year.
John J. Christmann: Well, clearly we look at the opportunities, we look at the running room and we look at the economics of the projects. And the good news is we've got a great inventory in general. The international portfolio is less sensitive to the drop in prices, so it's a little more buffered on the returns. And then on the North America side, you can generate in some areas a little bit more NPV. So it's a balanced approach. We like where our mix is right now. We're generating cash, cash out of both Egypt and the North Sea. And that's kind of directionally where we want to stay. But right now we like that mix, and think it's serving us very well.
John J. Christmann: Well, number one it's, we've got about 50,000 net acres that's predominantly Grady County. We've got a rig in there, we're going to put another one in, the economics work very well. Yeah, it's material, and it's material to that portion of our portfolio. Most of the acreage has been purchased in there, but we've got some nice positions that are clearly very economic at low prices, and clearly, we've got a lot of running room to develop on that acreage position. So it's not something we're looking to scale up necessarily, just because most of it has already been gotten, but we've got really economic projects in there and it can make an impact.
John J. Christmann: Well, Doug, it's really more driven off of technology. I mean, we've got the seismic 3D interpretations and so forth. Our success rate, we're drilling fewer wells than we drilled last year, but we announced a 78% success rate and it's really just a function of the quality, the technical work we're undoing in unlocking the basin, and a lot of these stratigraphic areas and traps with the 3D seismic, we're just getting better, and we've got a better handle on the system.
John J. Christmann: Yeah, I mean, I think it's going to be spacing and just the area that you're in within that Bone Spring. They're completed very similarly. So it's just a function of the area where you are.
John J. Christmann: Pecos Bend is actually pretty small. I mean, you'd have to go back and look at our ops report. I think we're in the 7,000 acres to 8,000 acres in there. It's not a very big area, but it shows you how many landing zones we've got in a really nice little development area right there.
John J. Christmann: Actually, Jeff, we are. I mean, we have gone to some managed chokes and we're doing some things there right now that are helping us. And we have also been very focused on our completions and sand concentrations and so forth.
