John Christmann: Before we go to Q&A, I’d like to make a few comments regarding the durability of our production base in a reduced spending environment. As planned 2020 capital investment levels, our adjusted international production should be roughly sustainable from 2019 to 2020 on an exit rate basis. Assuming no material curtailments were shut-ins. In the Permian, where we have eliminated activity for the remainder of the year, the unknown magnitude, timing and duration of our curtailment and shut-in program makes it premature to provide a high confidence near-term outlook. I would note, however, approximately one-third of our Permian oil production comes from legacy vertical wells that have a base decline rate of around 10%, hits are over all Permian oil decline rate is significantly [Technical Difficulty] basin average. As we look ahead to 2021, our Permian decline rates will moderate and the capital investment required to sustain year-over-year production volumes will fall significantly. We will provide more details around future production as price volatility recedes and we have more visibility. I will now turn the call over to the operator for questions.
John Christmann: I mean, Bob, hope things are going well. I’d say in general, we’ve got two pieces there, and our conventional is a third of our oil production in the Permian. And as I said there at the end, it’s got kind of a 10% decline rate. The other two-thirds is unconventional, and I will say that we have been running a pretty flat pace. If anything, we moderated our activity pace in 2019. It was down from 2018. So, we’re going to be at a little lower unconventional decline rate, just because of the pace relative to our percentage as compared to most. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit more color on that.
John Christmann: Yes, I think, and I’m going to let Dave talk a few minutes on the process we’ve gone through on the shut-ins, because it’s something I’m – we’ve really put some time and effort into. But I think the important thing to know is, is that we’ve taken a very, very methodical approach. I think we’ve shut-in around 2,500 wells produce an average of about three barrels a day and about 150 barrels of water a day. We’ve done this in a way that we can kind of roll the wells and preserve the asset integrity. So, we feel pretty good about being able to bring those back, cost structures coming down. But we’re going to manage near-term for free cash flow and we think shut-in as long as it makes sense, but they wanted to give some color and climb maybe on the shut-in process that we’ve gone through.
John Christmann: Charles, thanks for the question. We remain very excited about turn-on. I think most importantly now that we’re two for two on both Maka and Sapakara from the wells, and actually, two for two in both the Campanian and the Santonian formations. We’ve proven, we’ve got an active hydrocarbon system. It’s the oil, with some gas condensate in some of the shower, campaigning zones in both Sapakara and Maka. But we’re very excited. You look at the distance between the wells are separate features. We’re now drilling Kwaskwasi is, you mentioned it is another separate feature. It’s actually in between the two. And then we will be moving back to Kwaskwasi for the fourth well, which is on the other side of Sapakara. So, I think it just shows, there’s not just one feature out there, we’ve got 1.44 million acres, the block is highly prospective. We’re only in two of water now, eight play types when things were going very well. So, we’re excited about, what’s in front of us. We’re currently working the plans with our partner, total on the appraisal program for Maka. We’re due to submit that to the government of Suriname later this month, which we will do. So, we’re anxious to kind of push forward there. We’re also working on the plans at Sapakara and it’ll fall sometime later this summer. So, we’re very encouraged. Things remain kind of on track and it was turning out to be everything that we hoped it could be. So, a very strong petroleum hydrocarbon system has got a long charge, that’s got locked charged.
John Christmann: I mean, I think today Charles, we have around 2,500 wells shut-in all of the fields are going to be handled in a rolling way, and/or they’re going to be pickled and done very methodically. So, we’re working through that based on what we think is the best way to operate those. And so it’s a very methodical approach. As Dave mentioned, one of the things we’re also doing is, we’ve really thought through what data we can collect and how we can do it. I mean, you don’t have the luxury when you’re running a program sometimes of taking the time and doing the interference tests and the things that really help you understand spacing, and pattern alignment and so forth on the unconventional side. So, as Dave mentioned that as we get into June, the numbers going to grow a little bit. But a lot of the may stuff’s kind of already cast, but we’re taking a very bottoms-up, a very detailed approach and it will be designed to protect the wells and also learn as much as we can, because I think that’ll help drive our capital efficiency when we do kind of get back to work.
John Christmann: Yes. actually, we’ve got the – the obligations are, we have 24 hours to make a discovery notice. And then we have 30 days to submit the official discovery report and then that clock starts. So, we actually are going to be the end of this month, Doug, when we – when we do submit the first plant. So, there’s actually the 30-day window between discovery and the official discovery notice is probably the 30-days that you’re missing in there. Yes, our partner and us are both continuing to do lots of things. As you know, with now two penetrations down on the seismic, there’s a lot of work we’re doing, which I think will be informative, a lot of reprocessing and things and will continue to do throughout the process. And really that some of the work we’re putting into the appraisal program is, how we design it to gain as much information as we need to make the proper decision. So, we’ll be in a position to submit something later this month to the government. And then they’ve got a 30-day period of respond back to us. So, it’s all systems go.
John Christmann: Yes. I would just say that the features are very large as always said. That’s why we’re working on the appraisal plans on how we want to appraise them. But the nice thing is they’re large and you’ve got obviously stacked pays, both that we’ve already discovered thus far in both the Campanian and the Santonian. So, it’s not disappointing in any way on that front and we’re excited about it.
John Christmann: No. We’re not going to give that at this point in time. I think you could probably do a rough calculation of from fourth quarter to first quarter with your assumptions on what prices will be in the second quarter.
John Christmann: So, very nice benefit of the PSC structure, it does, in a high oil price environment, it cuts the other way. Obviously it’s a double edged sword, but in the low oil price environment, it does provide a very nice natural hedge.
John Christmann: I’ll start out, Gail. A lot of those, we started – I mean we were fortunate in that we started kind of an operational redesign last September. So, we were six to seven months into a total revamping of our operating model, where we were closing some offices and really centralizing a lot of functions. What this enabled us to do in mid-March was just take a much, much deeper cut. And so a lot of those cost savings are going to be G&A related. They’re kind of across the board, a lot of it even on the corporate side. So, a big chunk of that is geared towards the overhead side and the G&A side. Secondly, the cost saving efforts have been kind of across the board, and I can let Clay give a little bit of an idea on the operational split, but you’ve got a lot in the Permian is we’re probably the lion’s share of that is, and then other things we’re doing in the North Sea and Egypt. I’ll say one thing with some of the COVID protocol that we put in place; we’re doing a lot more screening. We’ve kind of reduced down to critical folks that we need on the platform. So we’re actually adding some things in some areas too is, we’ve gone to a very specific approach, but any color Clay, you want to give on the splits.
John Christmann: Yes. so, this is the first quarter, where we have separated out the purchase – the sale of purchase oil and gas and the purchase costs of purchased oil and gas. And the reason for that is because this is the first time that it’s become material to our P&L and it’s become the cause of the pipeline – the long haul pipeline transport contracts that we’ve entered into. And this just gets down to the basics of how we run the business. We – the product that we produce, we sell in basin just as a general role. We sell all of the hydrocarbons in basin. We have a marketing organization, who amongst the many other things that they do. One of the things they do is they help us keep basin pricing connected to the larger broader market and we obviously had some events over the last few years that were disconnecting the Waha and El Paso Permian pricing from NYMEX Henry Hub, Houston Ship Channel type of pricing. And so the marketing organization recommended and we took them up on it of helping pipelines like GCX and PHP go from concept to FID and to reality with GCX now. So, we actually entered into contracts on those pipes and then we helped them get them get across the line. Of course, we also took an equity option, which Altus Midstream owns now in those pipelines, but getting those contracts – getting those contracts in place helped to help the pipelines get built. And in the marketing organization now manages are exposure to those transport contracts and what you see is the on our P&L now is the effects of the marketing organization purchasing product in basin or along the pipelines. It’s not necessarily at Waha or El Paso Permian, it could be anywhere along the pipeline or where they have access to the pipeline and then selling it at the other end of the pipeline or in other offloaded locations along that pipeline. And so they basically manage that exposure through purchasing and selling product. And since it is becoming material now, we need to separate that out and you see that the marketing organization made $22 million in the first quarter on that primarily, because of the differential promotion of the quarter between Waha and Houston Ship Channel.
John Christmann: Yes. So, the most important thing to understand on that is that it has – it has no economic impact. So, we’ve got a contract, where we have to have gas processed to make it – to get it to pipeline spec. And we have a contract with a third party and then the third party charges us a fee plus power costs. And this is very typical of these types of arrangements, because power can be pretty variable costs. And in order to not take the risk of fluctuations and volatility and power costs, I just pass it on as a means of pricing the contract. And so what this – what this gas processor does with us and it did with many other parties too. Because like I said, this is a very typical term in these types of contracts. they take in kind portion of the gas that flows through the plant. And then they effectively take the revenue from that gas as payment of the power costs, and because of accounting rules, we can’t report that as produced volume, because it doesn’t belong to us. It effectively belongs to someone else. And so that’s the only reason why it’s just a – if we didn’t have this contract, this term, in this contract, we would report more volume, report more revenue, but then we would have an equal amount of more processing costs on the P&L, it has a zero financial impact.
John Christmann: It’ll – it fluctuates with gas pricing. And so it’ll – if you can predict gas prices, then you’d be able to predict the volumes. It’s because gas prices got so low this quarter that the volume went so high. This will – this may, it occurred last year also in the Permian area and it certainly will occur in the future most likely, but it’s something, it’s not a norm.
John Christmann: Jeanine, you actually answered your own question, but we will, I mean, if you think about our priorities of first thing I’ll say is, we will be slower to go back to work when we were shutting things down and we’re going to be very methodical with it. our priorities are going to be one, debt; two, would be dividend. As you start to think about capital, we’re going to continue to maintain the exploration and the appraisal program, and Suriname, Egypt would sit next and then you kind of get into the ducts in the Permian, North sea. And then we’d start thinking about the rig lines in Permian. the nice thing about our unconventional acreage is most of it, we don’t have any lease obligations. It’s not going anywhere. We’re not losing anything in that option. So, it’s all just a function of timing. And I think for us, we want to be very methodical. If you look back to how we kind of went back to work post the 2015, 2016 shutdown. And we’ve kind of been through this drill before as we went from 93 rigs before by second quarter of 2016 at that time period. We started the latter part of 2017 ratcheting back up and went to an eight-rig program and on the unconventional Permian side and we’ve been scaling back a little bit. So, I think we’d want to see higher longer deck and definitely, the advantages we have is the portfolio and we’re going to be managing cash flow. That’s it.
John Christmann: Yes, Jeanine. Yes. We’re not going to give a lot of guidance or insights into free cash flow in the out years. All I’d say is in 2020, we are – we’re basically running free cash flow neutral with the current capital program. If you were running that at about $30 WTI, and so if you take the dividend, the reduction, the capital spending we’re on right now, the pace of capital spending we’re on right now, the cost reductions, the $300 million of cost reductions. and we’re at about a cash flow neutral WTI price of about $30. John indicated that reducing debt is certainly one of our highest priorities for future free cash flows. We’ve indicated in the past that our sensitivity to a dollar movement in oil prices is somewhere in the $50 million to $60 million range. So, you could probably use those and now get to a solution point on what the – what it might take to be able to pay down $937 million of debt over the next few years.
John Christmann: Neal, when we look at those two areas, we’ve typically needed $700 million to $800 million or so to kind of hold them flat, combined. And those are – that’s net – our net portion of the – for the JV in Egypt for Sinopec. So, when you think about that, we’re slightly under that level this year with the reduction, we’ve shaved a little bit of that back, but as I mentioned, we’ve really high graded the inventory in Egypt and we’re seeing some strong results coming out of there. So that’s going to help us with that number. And then secondly, we’ve got the luxury of some, some really nice tie-ins and the timing of those that came on with our garden too well and so forth. And we’ve curtailed that well a little bit, given price volatility and things there. So, slightly under, but in kind of an improving picture in terms of what it takes to maintain those two areas.
John Christmann: No. that number is just the result of where we were in the program and when we kind of picked up the range, I mean we – it was easier to shut down the completion crews. So that’s the first thing we did was shut the crews down. it took a little bit of notice time on the rigs as we mentioned. I think we’re on our last well on the Permian as we speak. And so that was purely just a result of kind of where we were. It’s more than we typically would carry, because of the shutting the completion crews down first, which is going to give us a little bit of ducts to bring on when we decided to put the comeback term. We’ll have about 15 in Alpine High in the restaurant, our Midland basin unconventional and for those are three mile laterals. So, it’ll give us some uplift when it’s time to put some capital back to work.
John Christmann: Well, I mean you’ve got the brackets there, Scott, because we were going to grow slightly with, where our budget originally was, which was geared around a $50 WTI. As we’ve said now, we can make kind of cash flow at 30, but we are going to decline, we’re below maintenance levels in the Permian. And so that will come down and international is going to be kind of flat or relatively flat. So, it’s somewhere in between there in terms of if you were going to call it, generate free cash flow and actually keep our volumes flat.
John Christmann: Well, I mean, that’s something we’ll work through with our JV partner. I mean, typically, we – you submit the appraisal program; it’s kind of a work plan. And then we’ll go execute that. So, we’re not in a position right now with our partner, where we’re announcing what that entails. We’ve got a couple of years to do the appraisal program and before we have to make a decision on FID. And so we want to go about that as quickly as possible, but we’ve kind of balanced, you got to have to balance that as you get into the back half of this year, early next year with when you start.
John Christmann: I mean, right now the good news is, is that you look at Suriname, you look at the timing of it you’re four to five years realistically from discovery to when you’d have production online. I think that all of us would look through to seeing a better price environment. I don’t know what the recovery shapes going to look like more near term, but I think as we would get out the timeframe, where Suriname comes into play and we’ve seen no wavering from our partner and we’re fully committed as well. So, I think it’s something that stays on track and it’s actually something that we can fund and our JV is beneficial to our capital profile spending.
John Christmann: Well, what I’ll say, Brian is it really boils back down to economics and the portfolio, right. So, it just goes to show you a year ago, we were talking about curtailing gas and here we are now curtailing oil in the basin. So, it just shows you how quickly things can change. We like having a portfolio, we like having a commodity mix. It gives us leverage, where we can put capital and have options, whereas if you’re saddled to it being a pure play in one commodity stream, that’s what you’re tied to. So, I’ll just say it’ll – the projects will have to compete as we start to put capital back to work and a lot of hinge on how the products are trading relative and what the view of them longer term is at that time. So right now, your gas, your wells and things have higher are more economic right now than the straight oil wells, which is a total flip from where we are.
John Christmann: I mean, I think philosophically, no. We came into this on edge. We saw a lot of short-term volatility. And so we really put the hedges in place, swaps Q2, the callers and three and four of the few swaps in Q3, what we put those in is protection. to the downside scenario as you work through, what was a shutdown, but not a philosophical change, unless Steve, if there’s anything you want to add on the hedging.
John Christmann: Yes. Thank you, operator. In closing, I would like to wish all of you good health as we work through this COVID-19 pandemic. We are looking forward to getting the economy back on its feet and sharing our progress in future calls. Now, back to the operator to close.
Doug Leggate: Well, thank you for closing the gap for me. The 30 days I wasn’t deed missing, but I guess if I could just try to, a little bit on this overview, at least is that you’re sitting on the depositional center here. Can you at least give us some idea of what the feature looks like relative to what we’ve seen next door? Because, I think there’s still some debate as to whether, there’s a viable development here. Is there anything, any color you can offer in that? Now, get on to the…
Doug Leggate: My last one, if I may, is just changing geographies completely to Egypt. And one of the things that I guess continues to not get a lot of attention is the extraordinary expiration success rate you’re having there, 94%. I guess this last – last quarter run. Can you just walk us through what the go forward plan is in this lower oil price environment? And it may actually be a question for Steve, because I’m really interested to know how the PSC allows you to hold up your volumes in this very low oil price environment in the context of cost recovery barrel, legacy cost recovery entitlements that you have. So, any kind of column in the go-forward plan on the volume support you can get to the PSC would be helpful. Thanks.
Doug Leggate: It seems that there’s a pretty big number. That’s why I was trying to get it from you. But guys, thanks so much…
Steve Riney: Yes, I just, Doug, what I did is, I maybe point it to the supplement. We’ve got a page in there on the Egypt volumes that breaks it out pretty clearly. And what you’ll see is when you compare gross production volume to the net production volume that goes to the concession holders, us and Sinopec, we’ll find them. The vast majority of the barrels actually still go to Egypt, which is the way it ought to be when you’ve got a drilling program as John was talking about, that is just highly economic when you can – we can drill for the cost of these vertical wells and you get the types of oil rates that you can get out of Egypt. So, Egypt does end up with the vast majority of the volume, but what that does allow is that when you’re in a very low oil price environment, like today. We do get first call on cost recovery barrels. And so those barrels – some of the barrels moved from Egypt over to the concession holders in order to get cost recovery and cost recovery, it will vary. We’ve got 25, 26 some odd concessions there, different PSC contracts and all of them are slightly different from each other, but they’re pretty similar. And the way cost recovery works is during the period, which is a quarter – you will get full recovery through oil volumes or gas volumes for all of your in-period expense costs. And then you also get a quarterly share of amortization or depreciation if you will on historic capital. And the PSEs do vary slightly, but most of them are either a four-year or a five-year amortization of the capital spend. So, every quarter you do have a pretty significant hedging benefit from the PSC effect if you will, a built-in hedge. And so that’s why you see our adjusted barrels went up in the first quarter from fourth quarter, because of the price roll. you’ll see that again, most likely in second quarter from first.
Steve Riney: Gail, it’s Steve, if I can give it a little bit more color on that as well. We talk about $300 million of identified sustainable cost reductions so far and that’s both in G&A and OpEx. And as John said, we had started the G&A focus last year. And so we’re ahead of the OpEx side. The OpEx started really in earnest with the oil price downturn. On the G&A side, G&A reductions so far are more than two thirds of the $300 million identified. G&A will include costs in the corporate center obviously, but also G&A related costs in the regions, and not to confuse things too much, but the G&A goes to three different buckets on our financial reports. A portion of it will show up in G&A expense on the P&L. Some of it shows up in LOE, because it’s allocated that way. And then some of it will go to the capital program. So, it’ll show up in capEx, but it’s all dollars of reductions and spends, regardless of where, where it goes. And then in addition to the sustainable reductions, which as I said, are approaching about $300 million identified. There will be some costs that we’ve identified and began the process of just deferring things that can just wait until a later point in time.
Steve Riney: Yes, sure, John. I’ll always take the opportunity to talk about our philosophy on hedging. So now, it hasn’t changed, Brian. We believe that the best hedge is the ability to have flexibility in your activity. I think that current price environment proves that. So, we think the best hedge is the ability to ramp down activity, which is what the industry needs to do right now and associated with that to get cost levels down as low as possible. There are times when we do believe, we need to engage in hedging activity. We had one of those in the past when we had commitments that couldn’t be avoided, where we had to build out the midstream at Alpine high. We’ve got one now, where you’ve got a period, where oil prices are getting into a range where cost just can’t be cut low enough to maintain free cash flow. And so that’s why we entered into the hedges as we saw what was happening. We knew second quarter was going to be very, very painful. You could see that coming and that’s why we hedged the vast majority of our volumes for second quarter, mostly with swaps, all with swaps. And then we hedged a little bit less for 3Q and even less still for 4Q. And there has been a combination of swaps and some collars. So we just – we generally just believe that we have a preference to refrain from financial hedging. We, as I spoke about earlier with the Egypt and coming in the future of the Suriname, we do have some natural hedges already in the portfolio and it’s – I’ll just point out that nobody ever asks us why we didn’t hedge after prices run up. I only ask when prices have run down. just I’m sure just one of those oddities of the environment that we’re in right now.
