Stephen Riney: Thank you, John. As noted in our news release issued yesterday, under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, APA Corporation reported second quarter 2021 consolidated net income of $316 million or $0.82 per diluted common share. These results include items that are outside of core earnings. Excluding the second quarter impacts of divestiture gains, movements in our tax valuation allowance, mark-to-market derivative losses, and other smaller items, adjusted net income was $266 million or $0.70 per share. Most of our financial results were in line or better than guidance this quarter with just a few minor exceptions. As we've discussed in the past, we continuously review our portfolio for the right time to monetize assets that no longer compete for funding. In the second quarter, we closed the sales of two such packages in the Central Basin platform. These were mostly lower margin conventional waterflood assets, which were producing roughly 2500 barrels of oil per day. Proceeds from the sales were $178 million. As we look forward to the rest of 2021, we are updating some of our full year guidance items. We are effectively increasing us production guidance by 4500 BOEs per day and decreasing international adjusted production guidance by 14,500 BOEs per day, compared to the midpoint of the previous respective ranges. This net decrease of 10,000 views per day for the full year reflects the strong underlying performance of our US assets but it also captures the impact of a few offsets; the unplanned operational downtime in the North Sea, the impact of higher oil prices on Egypt cost recovery barrels, and the recent Permian Basin asset sales. We are reducing full year DD&A guidance by $125 million, which reflects a combination of price-related reserves additions, and the impact of our changing production mix with lower North Sea volumes and higher US volumes. Finally, other than an increase to our expected UK tax expense, due to strong commodity prices, there are no material changes to the remainder of our guidance for the year. On a longer-term perspective, one of our most important strategic goals is to return to investment grade status, which will require a significant reduction in debt. In the near term, progress towards this goal takes priority over the capital program, which today is still below a sustaining level of development capital. In other words, we are willing to under-invest slightly in the short term to build balance sheet strength and financial resilience for the longer term. We entered 2021, anticipating a multi-year process of debt reduction. With this price environment, we're making significant progress, more quickly than we thought possible. In the first half of the year, at an average WTI price of $62, we delivered upstream only free cash flow, which excludes dividends received from Altus Midstream of $860 million. Assuming current strip prices for the second half of 2021, upstream only free cash flow for the full year is expected to be around $1.7 billion. The vast majority of this cash will be available for debt reduction. The rating agencies will ultimately decide when we return to investment grade, but we will clearly make significant progress in 2021. With meaningful progress on debt insight, we would remind everyone that we have a strong portfolio of investable inventory and it would be prudent to at least increase development capital to a production sustaining level. We estimate this would require around $1.2 billion of annual investment versus the $900 million we are investing in development capital this year. At this investment pace, and assuming prices remain flat over 2021, as we look out to the next several years, APA is capable of generating upstream-only free cash flow of $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion annually. This is all based on our current portfolio of assets and to highlight what the current portfolio can deliver, this analysis assumes no further investment or future benefit from Suriname and no free cash flow uplift associated with Egypt modernization, which is still pending. And with that, I will turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Stephen Riney: Yeah, I think directionally, John, that's about right. Most of the increased capital will be going to Egypt and a bit to the North Sea is, I mean, to the US as well. Probably not a whole lot of additional capital in the North Sea, if any, but it'll be better production in the North Sea simply because of the downtime that we've had this year, which is both planned and unplanned. It has been pretty material for second and third quarter. But again, I just remind you, John, that this is a hypothetical case, we're not trying to give any type of guidance or rolling out specific capital plans for 2022. That's still ahead of us for later this year. We'll talk about that some probably with third quarter earnings.
Stephen Riney: No. Neal, I'd just say that when do we think about it? We think about that all the time. We do realize it's important and we need to do that. And so, I'm sure with the amount of debt paid down that we're going to accomplish this year, we'll be talking about that in due course. But it is certainly moving forward, not backwards.
Stephen Riney: Yeah. Paul, if - I think I understand the question around the effective tax rate, as your recall, we have put a 100% valuation allowance on the tax benefit of our net operating loss carry forward in the US on the balance sheet. You normally carry a deferred tax asset on the balance sheet, and we've put a complete valuation allowance on that reducing that asset on the balance sheet to zero, even though we do have a pretty significant tax, net operating loss, carry forward. And what we do in periods of time like this in the second quarter, when we have book income in the US, and we would normally recognize a tax expense, we release enough of that valuation allowance just to offset the tax expense for that quarter. And you'll see that, you'll see the $60 million in our non-GAAP reconciliation from net income to adjusted earnings in that in the appendix in our supplement. So that'll have the effect of lowering the effective tax rate quite a bit.
Stephen Riney: Yeah, Gail. So just to be clear, again, we're not trying to say what exactly our capital program is going to be in 2022 and beyond. The hypothetical case that we used did not contain funding of additional drilling in Alpine High, so it's more oil focused than gas focused. Thus, gas volumes going down into the future, oil volumes going up. But we look at that all of the time, certainly with gas and NGL prices improving in the recent months, and could continue to improve. That'll be something that we will evaluate. And as we finish up this year and roll into next year, we'll get into the actual capital program for 2022, which very well could include some capital for Alpine High.
David Pursell: I would just confirm that it's well beyond - it's in that kind of 10-year window, well beyond five years. And once you get beyond 10, it's hard to think about anybody paying for that inventory, but it has sustained - it has absolute sustainability to it.
David Pursell: John, I think it's a good question. We've said - I think hinted in the past that we think we need eight to nine rigs to keep oil production flat in Egypt and I think you'll see the eight rigs get us pretty close to that, and then, we'll see where we go after modernization. But I think I think John and Steve, both, talked about those modernization could put us on a path to grow in Egypt. So, if eight rigs sustain, that, I think, is a pretty good baseline on your model.
David Pursell: Yeah, I think if you're looking for places for inflation, the completion side and pressure pumping and frac is where you'll see more inflation, we have that dealt into our forward plat. Anything that has to do with commodities whether it's steel or on LOE with chemicals and diesel usage, you'll obviously price inflation there but when we look at our forward plan, we think we have it adequately captured.
David Pursell: Hi. Yeah, and Gail on the performance, so we've completed seven DUCs, just to level set, two early in the program and five, kind of, more in the mid of the program. The wells - I think all the wells are meaningfully outperforming our expectations and prior well results for offset wells that we would have completed in the 2019 timeframe. So, very excited about the results. The last - the most recent five, still early, they're producing - they've cleaned up and they're producing well, but we want to continue to watch the performance curve before we probably spiked the ball.
David Pursell: Yeah. Jeff, this is Dave. Good, thanks for the question. We're seeing meaningful uplift in our performance on the on the Permian DUCs outside of Alpine as well. And it's - we're optimizing on a number of different variables. We're excited about that program. And so when we - I think Steve talked about it in his prepared remarks, when we look at our US portfolio, we have multiple places where they could compete for the capital for that third rig and that would be the Chalk, it could be in third rig in the oily Permian and possibly the third rig in Alpine. So, we're evaluating those, but we're very excited about the performance that we've seen and the improvements that we continue [Technical Difficulty].
John Christmann: Now, Doug, I appreciate the question. So, I mean, we are in the middle of the appraisal. And as we said, we have not flow tested, Sapakara South. Unfortunately, just to clarify, the testing equipment on the valiant is damaged and that's why, otherwise we'd be flow testing that thing now. But it's going to take some time to repair that equipment and that's why the ship is going to sail on up to Bonboni and get onto the expiration well that we're excited about. But we need we need flow tests there and we're in the middle of appraisal, so we have not put out volumes yet. I mean, clearly, we're fine tuning things and working with things, and we've talked about this being an important step towards potentially an FID, but it's just a little bit premature to get into areas and those things until we gather a lot more data. And we'll do that as we continue to appraise and analyze what we've collected, but we're clearly excited about it. Having 30 meters of one Rocky sand that's full base, high quality is the type of thing that you can build around because you've got your age there. But there's a lot more to do here and a lot more appraise.
John Christmann: I'm just not going to comment at this point. We've got more appraisal. I appreciate the question and I'm going to stick to where we are. It's early. We're appraising and - but we're clearly excited about it but I'm not going to comment, on your question there.
John Christmann: At this point, Bob, it clearly needs to come back. We need a flow test. But I'll just say we still are appraising and we may need more appraisal, and so I wouldn't read into it anything more than that.
John Christmann: I mean, I think we've always looked at the portfolio as something that's kind of in flux. We're always looking for things that make sense to monetize, characterize what we sold is pretty high water cut, higher lifting cost, some properties we've had in the portfolio for quite some time, and quite frankly, it's time to move those along the food chain to somebody else that will put more focus attention on them, and quite frankly a little cheaper cost structure. But at this point, nothing major is planned, is always is the case. We like to report on these after we've done things but we're constantly looking at a number of things, so - but nothing major plan at this point.
John Christmann: I think, in general, on the inflation side, we had a lot of our key items secured for this year. I think you get into 2022 and we are seeing some uptick and things that are around the commodities, people, things like that but I don't know. Anything, particular, Dave, on rig contracts you want to comment on.
John Christmann: Well, I mean, I think we've got a pretty good base run that we're running right now. And that's where we've been. We've been pretty consistent. We did pick up the first two rigs, early this year. We added the second rig in the Permian. We had a rig that drilled four wells in the Chalk in East Texas, in the US. But in North Sea, it has been pretty constant. Egypt, we've kind of moved from five or six rigs up to eight, but in general pretty, pretty level loaded, pretty constant. And I think it'll be pretty consistent, it is building blocks going forward. You will post modernization see some changes to Egypt, but it will not impact cash flow or the capital in the other areas in a negative way, so.
John Christmann: Yeah, I will Steve address the effective tax rate question first, and then I'll come back to your - the second part.
John Christmann: Paul, your second question, it really just boils down to value. I mean, I think the nice thing about our assets, we've got high working interest. We now have two rigs operating in the Permian. I think it boils down to scale, efficiency and value added. And in some areas that could make a lot of sense, some areas it may not make sense. But we're open to looking at things, as is always the case but today, I think we like where we are, we like to pace, we like what we're doing. I think our wells are very competitive and performance is very strong. And I think we're putting attention on the right assets within our portfolio today for us.
John Christmann: Yeah, I'll let Dave touch on the DUC performance on those. And as Steve outlined, Gail, it's holding BOEs flat, but we actually going to be growing oil and offsetting some of the gas, so in those cases. So I'll let Steve handle that and then Dave, you can talk about the Alpine DUCs.
John Christmann: Yeah, Leo, we've actually got one rig or one well required to continue to hold the block. And so, we've got to spread well by June of next year and we're excited about that. I think there's a lot of prospectivity in Block 53. In terms of where you looking - where the costs are going today, well costs are probably going to be close to 100 million would be my guess, for gross, and we've got about 45% working interest in there. But I'll let Tracy talk a little bit about what we see exploration wise, as we've got both slope and more of a deepwater setting Block 53, like we did at Block 58.
John Christmann: Well, I mean, the nice thing is we've got two partners here, we've got 45%. So I think it gives us a lot of optionality, as we start to think about it. We are the operator at Block 53. We did do the joint venture and handed over operations in Block 58 to Total. But I think it just builds up more optionality and more flexibility for us to look for different ways to continue to advance some longer term very meaningful programs.
John Christmann: No, we have not made a decision on the third rig. I want to make it really clear. It's not in the budget this year. I think it's important because we've been under investing below sustaining levels to kind of articulate what it would take and as Steve said in his prepared remarks, we're prioritizing debt pay down in the balance sheet first, which is why we've been under investing, but the third rig would be required to get to a sustaining level in the US. And so we've got pretty attractive options for that, so that's why that's framed that way. But it is not whether - it's not a foregone conclusion that we're bringing it, we have not made that call and cap remains at the $1.1 billion for 2021.
John Christmann: No, I mean, I think you just got to look at it in terms of modernizing. We've got a lot of concessions. We will be collapsing those. Merger and joint ventures, I mean, there's a lot to do there administratively that's going to make it easier and it will effectively keep us from trapping capital. But we're not in a position to elaborate more than that today. It's going through the approval process and we should be in a position to talk about it later this year, for sure.
John Christmann: Yeah, I think we're a member of One Future. I think, well, our approach has been to take real tangible projects and steps that we can take. We're in the middle right now of working on our sustainability report, which will be coming out later in the year, like we always do, and so we're monitoring all those things. I think the key for us is trying to focus on what are the material things we can do in our business, that are going to lower those emissions, and drive performance, right. And so those are the things we're focused on.
John Christmann: I think we will stay tuned and monitor where things are going. I mean, for us, we recognize we need to continue to lower our footprint. We need to be in a position and continue to monitor and measure those and take those steps. And then we'll just be making the - determining how - what's the best way to show it, and the best way to quantify it and also how to attack it. In the end, it's about lowering emissions.
John Christmann: Thank you. So before ending today's call, I'd like to leave you with three points; the first two of which are important catalysts. First, we're very encouraged with the progress in Suriname and look forward to having further results later this year. Second, the PSC modernization in Egypt will have an immediate positive impact for both the country and APA, and we are very pleased with how things are progressing. Finally, the free cash flow capacity of our base business is robust and sustainable, and this will materialize in returns to investors. Thank you for participating in our call today. Operator, over to you.
John Freeman: The first question, I just wanted to clarify one thing on Egypt. So if you had the five rigs last quarter, you're now running eight rigs. When we sort of think about the PSC being approved, and obviously, I've been vocal and again on this call about that would - once it's approved, that's going to see an increase in activity. I'm just trying to make sure that I'm using the right baseline so that the incremental five rigs to eight rigs, I always - I know, there was always some incremental activity planned in the second half, but is the eight rigs, the baseline that we're supposed to use ahead of PSC or was there any, maybe, additional rig or two that was added, sort of, in anticipation of the PSC being approved? Just want to make sure, when I'm thinking about 2020 modeling, that I'm using right starting point.
John Freeman: Okay, great. And then just my follow-up in conjunction, Steve, with the detailed response, you gave to Doug's question when sort of hypothetically thinking about 2022. So if I take what you just said, on Egypt and the eight rigs will already have sort of maintained levels, and we'll just assume something north of that, so like Egypt, post PSC would be growing. The North Sea, you previously talked about one rig, one platform can kind of maintain volumes at that 55,000 to 60,000 range. Obviously, first half of this year, due to the extended maintenance, you're a good bit below that. So just by default, the North Sea is going to be up a decent bit in '22 versus '21. And then the Permian, it sounds likely - the base case sounds like it would be to add the third rig in the Permian here in '21, which gets that back to sort of a flattish, sort of a sustained sort of profile, so, ex-Suriname, just hypothetically, thinking about those regions, right.
John Freeman: No, understood. It is the knuckleheaded almost like a little be doing the speculating but I appreciate all the answers, guys.
