Stephen Riney: Thank you, John. For the third quarter of 2022, APA Corporation reported consolidated net income of $422 million or $1.28 per diluted common share. Our quarterly results include items that are outside of APA's core earnings. The most significant of these was a $275 million charge for the impact of the U.K. energy profits levy. This was partially offset by a $93 million release of tax valuation allowance due to the use of tax loss carryforwards during the quarter.  Excluding these and other smaller items, adjusted net income for the third quarter was $651 million or $1.97 per diluted common share. Most of our financial results in the third quarter were in line or better than guidance. For the quarter, we reported a net gain of $12 million on the sale of oil and gas purchased for resale.  This was better than the guidance we provided in August of a $10 million loss. As a reminder, we sell our gas in basin at Waha Hub or El Paso Permian based pricing. Our marketing organization fulfills obligations on various commercial agreements, including our long-haul transport contracts using purchased product.  The reported gain or loss on the sale of oil and gas purchased for resale is a result of this latter activity. In the fourth quarter, based on recent strip pricing, we expect this activity to result in a net gain of approximately $70 million.  GPT expense, which is costs incurred for gathering, processing and transmission was above guidance for the third quarter. This has been a trend for much of 2022 and is primarily a result of the higher natural gas prices in the U.S. GPT expense increases with gas price because some of our gas processing contracts are based on the percentage of proceeds and accounting for such contracts results in costs going up and down with movements in gas price.  G&A of $69 million was considerably below our guidance. As with prior quarters, this was primarily the result of the required quarterly mark-to-market of our cash settled stock-based compensation plans. Underlying G&A for the quarter was around $90 million, a little lower than average. Turning to the balance sheet. You will notice that our total debt increased $244 million to $5.5 billion in the third quarter, as we utilize the revolver to partially fund the closing of the Texas Delaware Basin acquisition at the end of July.  As we've discussed on prior calls, the revolving credit facility is an asset that can be utilized when attractive opportunities arise. We've demonstrated this over the past 2 years using the revolver to fund timely debt tenders, share repurchases and asset acquisitions. Over time, we will look to pay down the revolver with available free cash flow that is not committed under the capital return framework. A few other things before we turn to Q&A. Please refer to our financial and operational supplement, which includes additional information related to our third quarter results as well as our updated guidance for the fourth quarter of 2022. This can be found on our website.  2022 will be a very strong year for free cash flow at APA. As John mentioned previously, at comparable prices, we expect to see increasing free cash flow in 2023. This excludes any financial benefit from our Cheniere gas supply contract.  At recent strip pricing, the anticipated benefit to 2023 would be around $570 million, assuming the latest possible start date of August 1, which is a slightly later date than we have spoken of previously.  One final note on U.S. income taxes. At this time, barring any contrary guidance that may be issued by tax authorities we do not expect to be subject to the new 15% corporate alternative minimum tax until 2024. Thus, we currently anticipate no U.S. cash income taxes for 2023, as accumulated NOLs should more than offset projected taxable income.  As always, please follow up with Gary and his team with any questions or if you need any other help related to our updated guidance. And with that, I will turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Stephen Riney: Yes, Doug, I think we're just going to have to be -- probably be patient to finish the planning process for '23 and to -- we'll get to that in February, and we'll give all the details on that. But as John indicated, if we -- if we have -- if we end up with a capital program that's kind of similar to where we've been running for the last 2 years -- or 2 years, 2 quarters, which would be the $2 billion to $2.1 billion.  If we allocate that similarly to the way we've been allocating and delivering activity for those last 2 quarters, if we end up in a price environment similar to 2022, then we will be up on free cash flow for next year. There have been some things that have changed a bit since the last time we talked about '23, which was in February, we've got a little bit more activity that's leading to that increase in capital spending because we do have an extra rig in the Permian.  We've got a couple of extra rigs going into '23 in Egypt. There is -- there are some new taxes, in particular, the energy profits levy in the U.K., and there's talk now about possibly increasing the rate on that, that we did say we don't believe we're going to be subject to the U.S. alternative minimum tax in 2023, and that would certainly be good if we can defer that until 2024.  So there are -- and we've talked about the North Sea, perhaps being a little less predictable in terms of production volume. So having a wider range of possibilities in -- and we know that Egypt has gotten off to a little slower start in '22 than we had hoped for, and therefore, that will carry over a bit into 2023.  So we've tried to be really transparent about where we are going into 2023 relative to the last time we talked about it in February. But we think we've got very good momentum. We're fixing some of the issues that we had in the second quarter certainly looks better in third quarter results and going into fourth quarter better.  And I think we'll go into 2023 better. So a long-winded way of saying, let's wait until February for the details on the capital program and the capital allocation and what that means for production volume. But we feel very good. We feel like the plan that we laid out last February is still very much intact with the transparency of the few things that have changed since then.
Stephen Riney: Yes, I'd say that -- and John might have some comments on this as well. But I'd say look at the last 2 quarters, where we've -- especially fourth quarter, we're going to be running basically at what we're planning for, for 2023 preliminarily. Most of that was the same in the third quarter.  We did have a bit of time where we didn't have the Ocean Patriot in the North Sea in the third quarter. But on the last 2 quarters, we've been running just a little under or this last quarter and next quarter, we're running a little under $500 million a quarter, and that would give you a $2 billion on an annualized spend rate.  And that's -- so that's a preliminary view with maybe a little bit of inflation built into that go into possibly $2.1 billion. And that's just -- that's the preliminary view. We are still early days on the planning process, and I'd just caveat that with that could change. So let's wait and see in February. But I'd characterize it broadly as the bulk of the change in capital spending is because of the change in activity.
Stephen Riney: Yes, Bob, that -- so the contract is $140 million a day and the $570 million, I won't recall exactly what day, but it's based on strip pricing for -- and we assumed an 80% TTF, 20% JKM mix, which we have the right to elect and that was versus the same period strip for Houston Ship Channel. And then it has all of the deducts that we get from that contract for liquefaction for shipping, for shrinkage and for regas and things like that.
Stephen Riney: It would be five months. The -- by contract, the latest that contract can start is August 1. It could start earlier. I'm not holding my breath.
Stephen Riney: Yes. And I know our controller won't like me calling that an asset, but we view it as such in the nonaccounting sense and it's for that very reason. We can -- we used it for the bolt-on acquisition in July in the Delaware Basin. We use it for debt tenders. We've used it for share buybacks.  In particular, we use it during periods where we have a period where we have no material nonpublic information and we can use it for open market repurchases of shares in periods where we can be a little more selective at the pace at which we buy back shares during those periods of time.  So the revolver comes in very handy at those times. We -- especially with the price environment that we're in, we're pretty comfortable with the revolver where we've got it now and where it's been for most of the year.  But we do need to get that paid down and preserve it longer term for that optionality around potential bolt-on acquisitions if we find the good opportunities.
Stephen Riney: Yes. Charles, let me -- I'll just run quickly through the similar math that you were going through. We do expect now at recent strip prices that free cash flow this year will be $2.7 billion, as John said. So that would imply a minimum committed returns of $1.6 billion.  Year-to-date, we've done $127 million of dividends. We've bought back 26 million shares at $34. So that's $884 million of buyback. And as you said, that's just over $1 billion so far this year. Since inception by the way, that's 15% of the company that we bought back at a little over $31 a share.  So at $2.7 billion of free cash flow that would imply for the fourth quarter total returns of $600 million. The dividends will be about $80 million. And so that implies buybacks of $520 million and we've done right around $80 million of that in October.  So your math was pretty darn close that with all of that, if you landed right on 60% would be about $440 million of additional share buybacks. Historically, we've delivered those buybacks through 10b5-1 programs and through OMRs. As I said, we use OMRs when we don't have material nonpublic information, we are drilling 2 wells in Suriname.  So we do understand that situation and the risk associated with that as John said, we're committed to that program. So you should assume that we have plans in place to make sure that, that will be delivered and -- because it will be delivered by the end of December.
Stephen Riney: Yes. Unfortunately, we -- it's difficult to give a kind of a generic approach to figuring it out because some of the costs like shrinkage and fuel and things like that will come out effectively at it's a loss of volume. So it comes out at the TTF and JKM price, and some of them are contractual dollar amount costs that do have some provision for inflation over time.  So a good example of that would be the liquefaction fee. So it's not that easy to give a kind of a generic rule of how it will work through different prices of LNG or Houston Ship Channel for that matter. So we -- that's why we just give it as a as a margin over Houston Ship Channel. Because I mentioned earlier in my prepared remarks that we actually sell all of our product that we produce in basin in the Permian. And we enter into pipeline contracts and things like that, primarily as a participant in the industry to keep less liquid markers like Waha Hub more attached to the bigger, more liquid markets.  And then we have a marketing organization that manages those contractual obligations. And -- we -- for that reason, we look at the Cheniere contract as a margin over purchased product because we will purchase product on the Gulf Coast and deliver that to Cheniere.  The pricing that we get is that netback calculation and they buy the product, they take title to it at their plant in let. So we don't have any title to product as it goes through their plant or the liquefied product as it comes out. We don't manage shipping or anything like that. We don't do the selling. They do all of that for us.
John Christmann: No. Doug, the well we're drilling in the kind of the northwest portion of our block is a You will remember Bonboni, it's 25 kilometers west of Bonboni, where we found an active or working hydrocarbon system. It appears that they have a working hydrocarbon system north of us as well. So I think that's all good news. The big thing here will be trap. And -- but Tracy Henderson is here, and I'll let Tracy provide a little bit more color.
John Christmann: Well, a couple of things I have to say, Doug, on Sapakara South. Number one, it's strongly supported from a seismic perspective, and it's an updip test of Sapakara South.  Our operations are ongoing. And I'll say it could be a very material add to that area. So we're very excited about it in terms of FID and so forth. We've got the appraisal at Sapakara South, which is ongoing. We also got appraisal at Krabdagu, which will follow sometime early next year. So we're excited about that, and we'll just have to get with you when we're ready.
John Christmann: Yes. We're in pretty darn good shape, but we've worked hard to get here in a pretty short time period. And a lot of it is just addressing manpower issues and training -- and so we're in pretty good shape, John.  And I think we're close to where we wanted to be, but you're still working through some things there, but we're in pretty good shape.
John Christmann: Yes, I would just say, and Steve went into pretty good detail on an update of the early look on a 3-year plan, and it's very dynamic, and we're working that and we'll come back in February.  But in general, you're still looking at mid-single digits on a BOE basis at the corporate level is what we're looking at. And that's going to be driven by oil in Egypt. We should have cleaner run next year in the North Sea, although we're going to have a range -- and then obviously, we've had really good performance in the U.S., specifically in the Permian.
John Christmann: I would just say, I'll underscore, we're committed to the returns framework, and we will deliver a minimum of the 60%.
John Christmann: Yes. The thing I would say, if you look at Sapakara South, it was a very, very high-quality discovery. You had 30 meters of pay -- actually 32 meters full to base. Low GOR, around 1,100 and you had really, really high perm 1.3 to 1.5 Darcy rock.  At the time of that, we announced a connected volume, which we later updated to more than 400 million barrels. So Sapakara South is really world-class rock. We also said at the time that we believe there was additional resource there that needed to be appraised. And that's exactly what this well is doing. It's moved up dip, and we are appraising and we've got really, really good seismic support. We think the seismic is working. And it could add materially to that Sapakara South discovery.
John Christmann: So number one, it's -- '23 is a work in progress. So we're working on that. We said we'd come back in February. But in general, we said BOEs will be up mid-single digit. It's going to be driven by oil.  And it is year-over-year is -- but we'll come back with that in detail. That's really pretty much the shape of the 3-year plan that we put out last February. When we look at the Permian, 5 rigs, yes, today, we've got 2 in the Midland Basin, 3 in the Delaware. There will be activity at Alpine High. And we do like the mix, and we think those wells compete very well today with where the gas price deck is and the oil price deck.
John Christmann: I would say today, today, just assume there's likely 3 in the Delaware and Alpine High will be part of that program.
John Christmann: I'd just say a lot of it's -- we're coming out of our maintenance turnaround season. And we've had to play catch up in '22 for '20 and '21. The Covid years hit pretty hard there and we were limited on what we could do on the tars.  And you've just got aging infrastructure. And when things go down, it takes a little longer to get things back up. But I think we've got a lot of that behind us. And we will be guiding with wider ranges in the future. But right now, we've got good momentum and things are running fairly smooth.
John Christmann: Yes. I think some of that is just timing of the well connections we had this quarter, and we've got good momentum really across the whole portfolio going into the fourth quarter, we're off to a good start and we had some wells that have come on and things. So we do think Egypt is going to be 1 of the big drivers in '23 and beyond.
John Christmann: I don't think it's any outsized. I think we really played catch-up in '22 and '23. There are always decisions that you make as you get into later years like at 40s on equipment, and those are decisions we make routinely going forward. But those are all things you're constantly weighing the pros and cons of as you're looking at operating facilities as they get later in their life, but don't anticipate anything significantly outsized from normal and we should be in a period today with most of that behind us where things are going to run a little smoother.
John Christmann: Yes. I mean, the thing I would say, Doug, is that today, North Sea is a core asset for us. Obviously, you've had some factors out there today that impact the ability to invest future and you have to continually weigh in that. We benefit from the Brent pricing and the high netbacks and the free cash flow.  But we also have a portfolio that is dynamic. And so you're always looking to expand your ability to invest in other assets. And as things change, sometimes out of your control, it shrinks some of that. So -- but today, it is core but it's something we're always taking into account as we're laying our future plans.
John Christmann: Thank you for joining us on our call today. We started the fourth quarter with strong momentum across our global operations, which will carry into 2023.  In Suriname, we're drilling an appraisal well at Sapakara South and an exploration well at Aware. We will share results when they are available. We remain on track to deliver on our capital returns framework. We will deliver at least 60% of 2022 free cash flow to our shareholders through dividends and buybacks.  Our teams continue to work on our plans for the 2023 program and longer, and we look forward to providing more details to you in February. Operator, I will now turn the call back to you.
