John Christmann: Okay. No, Doug, great question. First off, I'll say we are committed to the return framework of a minimum of 60% of our free cash flow to shareholders, and we are committed to that, and we are committed to that for the calendar year of 2022. We do have periods where you have material nonpublic and we have to use other vehicles in that plan ahead with [ten V51s] and so forth. So there are periods where we have to rely on those and think ahead. We have completed the flow test at Krabdagu. We are now in the important buildup stage. And as you know, Doug, and I appreciate, sometimes the buildup can be as important as the flow test are more important. So we're excited about where we are. At this point, we're not going to dribble information out on Krabdagu. We'll wait and come back with a report at the appropriate time. But I would say there have been no surprises. As we think about a path to FID in Suriname, we're kind of moving more towards what I'll call a central area hub concept. And it's something that we're excited about and starting to think about with Total. You've got a foundational piece at Sapakara South. We think Krabdagu can also be a foundational piece, but I'm going to hold comments there until we're ready to talk about that. And we prioritized a list of both exploration and appraisal targets that we need to drill. Obviously, the appraisal targets are helping us find connected volumes, which are critical to scope and scale and the exploration targets that are sizable, we also need to drill to make sure you would get the scope and scale right of that potential first FID. So things are on track. We're excited about how things are progressing. We did say the Maersk Valiant will be moving to an exploration target next, which is DCP. So we're excited about that. And quite frankly, things are progressing nicely. In Block 53, while I'm on Suriname, we're drilling Rasper. As we said in the prepared remarks, we're above the target zones. But we are excited about Rasper, and we'll come back on that when we can talk about it. And we also said we will be retaining the Noble Jury to SUSA in country in Suriname, which is 1 of the reasons why the CapEx is going up.
John Christmann: Yes. And I think if you step back big picture in Egypt, Doug, we've been declining gross operated production for a number of years. And the key to modernization was it facilitates the investment levels. And so you've seen us really ramp the rig count, really in the back half of last year, second half, we went from 5 to 11 rigs. We're at 12 today. We're in the process of picking up a 13th and 14th rig fairly soon, and will likely go 1 or 2 higher than that. I think when you look at modernization, you have to look at the net. So despite a rising oil price, our net production was up 13% in Q1, and that's really the benefits of modernization. And that's with growth staying relatively flat as you're now starting to see that curve turn. April production is moving up quite a bit.  And I'll let Mr. Pursell jump in and provide some more details here.
John Christmann: Well, John, we're going to keep the Desousa. There's -- you could think about an exploration well in Block 58, where we've got 50% or another well in Block 53, where we got 45% pretty similar. Obviously, if it's appraisal wells in Block 58, they're going to be less because of the carry. So -- and there's also the ability to keep the Desousa for maybe more than 1 well. So I'll just leave it at that. It will stay in country, and we're still working through details, but we felt like we ought to at least move it up from the amount we've moved it up, and we think it's a good number.
John Christmann: Potentially could. But I would anticipate -- we've got risked exploration and appraisal wells. So it's going to be both.
John Christmann: Yes, John, I think, as you know, we built in quite a bit of inflation into our capital numbers with what we laid out first quarter. So the majority of this is we do have some wells that are going to be higher working interest than what we had originally planned, and that's just a function of shifting some pads and moving some pads forward. So there will be some higher working interest. And then we do have some increased non-op capital, some of that could be increased activity and then some of that could be some inflation on the other operators, too. It's hard to dig in and understand that, but it's really what we're just seeing on the non-op side moving up. And so those 2 factors kind of come to play together there on that. But I think we've done a pretty good job of anticipating the inflation and the increases in our 2022 plan. And I think that's playing out kind of as we budgeted and forecasted.
John Christmann: Yes, Charles, I will tell you, it is something that would fall in that area. It's an exploration well, and I'm happy to have Tracey say a few things about it, so.
John Christmann: Scott, it could stay in Block 53 or we could move it to 58, and let Total take it. So there's optionality there, and I'll just -- I'll leave it at that for now.
John Christmann: They are the operator in 58 and we're the operator in 53. So there's a lot of things you can work out. But we're not going -- wouldn't be changing -- they've got the value at working, so.
John Christmann: We're doing a buildup. So we're in the buildup phase, and I said there were no surprises. So I'll leave it at that.
John Christmann: I'll just say there were no surprises, and we may not have expected there to be a restricted flow test, but I'll leave it at that. Your questions are always fun, bob, and creative.
John Christmann: Yes. I mean I would say today, as we look at 2023, our 3-year plan we laid out this year looks pretty darn good to us, right? We've added the fourth rig in the U.S. we'll be at 15 rigs in Egypt. So right now, we're not envisioning any increases to the 3-year plan that we laid out at the start of this year.
John Christmann: Yes. I mean we'll wait until next February to come out with a hard number for '23, we did have an increased dial in for additional inflation in '23, but I'm not in a position to really give you that number right now. A little early.
John Christmann: Yes, Neil, we're still with the North Sea. We've got a heavy turnaround period coming up that we're anxious to get on and get through. I think it's executing and that's going to be key. I think we've got good news that the Ocean Patriot is back in the field or arriving today. So -- that's been one of the other items that we basically lost an entire quarter with the drilling of the Ocean Patriot, which when you're only running 1 floater and you lose it for a quarter, it had to go in. It had a large anchor chain that had broke and had to be repaired. So I think we feel good about the prospects that are on that rig line and the work that's ahead of us and the repair works. We feel good about the exit rate, which should be around 50,000, so --
John Christmann: At this point, Leo, we have not announced a project or an FID. I think we've said from the get-go that Sapakara South is a foundational piece. We've shown it's gotten bigger with the extended buildup time as we raised that original estimate from the connected volume just to the 1 well, and I want to emphasize again, that's just via the 1 initial well was 325 million to 375 million barrels. We raised that to greater than 400 million. And that area continues to get bigger and there's more appraisal to do at Sapakara South. So I think we have confidence in what we have found, and we like the program, but there's still more work to do.
John Christmann: Yes, there's a Garden well that the Ocean Patriot was scheduled to drill, and we've had to slide that back. But those Garden wells have been high rate, and it's a very, very good location.
John Christmann: Yes. Thank you for participating on our call today. I'd like to leave you with the following closing thoughts. Financially, we have become a much stronger company. We will remain disciplined, both financially and operationally. Lastly, we are committed to our shareholder returns framework, returning a minimum of 60% of our free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and buybacks.  Operator, I will now turn the call over to you. Thank you.
Steve Riney: And Doug, this is Steve. If I could weigh in on the second part of your question about the pace of buybacks and uses of cash. So as John said in his prepared remarks, we anticipate a strip, about $2.9 billion of free cash flow this year. That would imply at least $1.8 billion, as we said, in returns to shareholders. In the first quarter, we -- between dividends and share buybacks, we did just a little over $300 million. So we're a little bit above a 15% payout at that implied pace of annual payouts. And I think there was some activity that may have been limited due to MNPI. But I think also, you don't start the year with guns a blazing, you start probably on a conservative pace. We also, as you know, chose to do something on the debt side. But as John said, we absolutely remain committed to the full year payout of 60% of free cash flow and we actively plan around periods of MNPI. So we understand what that does to us, and there are other mechanisms we can use from time to time to be able to be in the market and buying back shares.
Steve Riney: Yes. We wish it was bigger, and we wish it was sooner. So that contract, that's a 15-year contract. You got the basic terms right, Arun. And that one contractually begins on July 1, 2023. At any point in time now, Cheniere does have the option with 30 days notice -- or 90 days notice, sorry, to elect to start that contract early. They haven't given us that notice. So we would like to obviously get that one at any point in time. But if we do, we'll start at 90 days later or any other time frame that we might agree with them within that. So it's a fair option to be able to do that. And we obviously can't disclose the terms of that contract. But suffice it to say, what we do is we select a mix of Asian versus European pricing and we effectively sell our gas, we deliver gas on the Gulf Coast. We sell it at this mix for a full year, a mix of Asian and European pricing. And then we net back through liquefaction fees, transport fees and a marketing fee that we pay. So we're were, in effect, fully exposed to the European and Asian LNG market pricing for that 15-year period.
Steve Riney: Yes, Michael. So yes, a number of questions in there. I think that the key answer to your question would be -- or the key part of your question would be that we still see our share price is undervalued, and we like the buyback program, and we like it quite a bit. But your reference to the amount of debt reduction that we've done, just to step back from it a bit. In the last 9 months, we've done $3 billion of bond elimination, which is just a phenomenal compared to what you think we might have been able to do just 12 to 18 months ago. Certainly, the balance sheet is much, much stronger today, and then Fitch was the first one to recognize that and acknowledge it. We are in conversations with all 3 rating agencies, and we continue to work the debt rating hard with all 3 of them. I think we'll continue along the lines of balance sheet strengthening, but I think it's unlikely that you're going to see the large chunks of debt tender activity, the $1 billion-plus. We're -- as long as we stay in this price environment, we're going to have significant amount of free cash flow over the next 3 years. And there will be continued balance sheet strengthening, but there will be a significant focus on share buybacks as well as long as the share price, in our view, stays undervalued, which is what it is now. And we talk about the dividend all the time. We talk about it often, and we've raised it twice in the back half of last year. And we'll continue to look at that. And as the balance sheet gets stronger, as prices continue to play out the way they are and as share price improves, on an absolute and relative basis, then we'll certainly think more seriously about the dividend. But for right now, we're quite happy with the buyback program.
Steve Riney: Well, as you know, we did monetize some of that in prior years. And we have -- we have about -- in round numbers, we have a little over $670 million a day of transport capacity on PHP and Gulf Coast Express. We have -- as we look forward to the next -- the remainder of this year and into next year, we have, on average, somewhere in the $200 million to $225 million a day of excess capacity. Would we be open to potentially marketing some of that? Yes, I mean, we would entertain a conversation on that, for sure. But at the same time, the differentials look good for the next 2 years. And as you'll probably see in our results and our postings that we have actually gone and we've now locked in those differentials on about 90% of that excess capacity all the way through the end of '23. And in doing so, there's a mixture. We put in some hedges in earlier time periods that were not quite as attractive as they are these days. But we've put in quite a bit just recently. And we've locked in about a little under $50 million of cash margin on that transport capacity. And then the rest of the capacity will be used. We use all of it. And effectively, it gets Gulf Coast pricing on our equity volumes. But that -- we sell all of our equity volumes in basin and then our marketing group buys 670 million a day and transports it and then resells it on the Gulf Coast.
Dave Pursell: Yes. Doug, so we'll get to your mix, we'll answer the mix question, but it's important to give you the preamble before that. And as John said, April production is moving higher, we're up to -- we're up 8% as we've exited April here relative to the first quarter. So we've got the oil production trajectory the way we like it. And really, that's driven by a couple of things: continue to increase drilling rig count. We talked about we'll be up to 15 rigs by the middle of the year. Those drilling rigs really focused on oil have an oil-focused is both exploration and production. We talked in the supplement. We've had a couple of nice exploration successes is at Pita and Hazem Northwest or Pita West and Hazem Northwest. Our development drilling is on track. We did have some delays on recompletions in the first quarter moved into the second quarter, but we're -- we think we're on track to continue to grow oil production in that. So the oil production mix will continue to improve or increase over time relative to gas. I think -- and I'll let Gary kind of offline, walk you through the blood guts and feathers of this. But when you think about the modernized terms, it's also a simplified structure. And so we think going forward that the adjusted and reported mix should mimic and track the gross mix very closely. So there won't be that ambiguity in how you roll up into the adjusted and reported numbers. So we think growth is what you should focus on, and that gross oil mix is going to improve as we continue to focus on oil development here over the next several years.
Dave Pursell: John answered the supply question really well. The trajectory we're very we're still confident in the path that we laid out. I think on the supply chain questions, remember, in Egypt, we're drilling relatively conventional. These are conventional wells are vertical. We don't have much, if any, hydraulic fracturing activity in country. So these are, I would call it, kind of commodity sort of wells. But that said, our supply chain team is all over it. They're making sure that we're not waiting on parts. So we've -- as we ramp up, one of the nice things about having a visibility on the plan as it gives the supply chain folks lead time to really make sure that we have all the equipment necessary to keep the program moving forward. And so far, that's been the case.
Dave Pursell: Yes, Paul, this is Dave Pursell. Number of wells at Alpine later this year, it will just be a handful because we're -- as John said, we're finishing up an undrilled uncompleted pad at DXL, then we'll move to Alpine. And these are all going to be longer laterals with relatively large stimulation treatment. So it will be a handful of wells that are ready to come online at the end of the year, so.
Dave Pursell: Yes. I think when you look at inflation, it's people, steel, chemicals and diesel. You can't -- I mean, that's ubiquitous around the world. When you look at the Permian relative to the rest of the global portfolio, you're running higher spec and kind of higher-end equipment in the Permian, which will have -- and there's more competition for that equipment. Both those things create more pressure and you've got the pressure pumping and big frac component of the wells in the Permian that is -- can be fairly or significantly inflationary, which we don't see in either Egypt or the North Sea. So I think that's the real kind of categorical breakdown.
