John Christmann: Yes, Doug, the nice thing being early August, we have the luxury of seeing a lot of the wells we've got coming on in the near future. And if you look and you won't see it. But our July volumes have actually averaged 145,000 barrels a day on the oil side were up already in July. Over the second quarter, and we've got good line of sight on what's coming, and it's going to be a good back half of the year. And I'll let Dave Pursell jump in with a little bit more detail.
John Christmann: I mean at this point, a couple of things, Doug. Number one, we still have the rig on location, so it's early. Number two, we came into this year with the primary objective being appraising the Krabdagu Fairway. And you had the original discovery well -- if I flip over, it's a totally different set of partners in Block 53, but we -- when we announced the Baja discovery, we said it was a down dip low above that fairway. So yes, it does stretch from there all the way now back to Krabdagu 3. Krabdagu 3 was 14 kilometers from the discovery well. And as we've said, the results are very, very encouraging. We do -- we can confirm its oil, but it's early for me to comment or say anything at this point. We've got a lot of technical work to do. It's a very large fairway and there will be resource in there that you're not going to see from the flow test. So there's just a lot of technical work that we need to do, and we'll come back in due course with information in the relatively near future.
John Christmann: John, that's a great point. I mean as cost continues to decline, you're going you will see our oil mix and need to rise. And if you go back is a legacy large field 3 Ts. It's been on decline and it is declining. And so as costs continue to decline and our programs are in the more oily driven areas, you'll see that mix rise. And so it's early. I don't want to get into '24, but it wouldn't surprise me, and I would probably anticipate that the oil mix will be higher in '24 than it did in '23.
John Christmann: I mean, I would say right now, the plans would be to take the program and let the program dictate because five rigs, we're working 1.5 frac crews, a pretty good cadence there. It's hard to just add incrementally without going up in stair step function. So I would anticipate that the service side, whatever benefits there would come to free cash flow and the program will be pretty stable. We do try to go in every year with a pretty set framework on the capital side. And so a lot of what's going on this fall will dictate what our service costs will look like for the portions that we will try to lock down for next year. So we'll just have to wait and see how things play out. And clearly, you've had a little bit of softening in some areas right now, but I think everybody is waiting to kind of see what prices do in the back half of the year. to really steer next year's capital.
John Christmann: I can let Tracey in a second, get in a little bit to the geology, but what I'll just tell you first on Waha, it is a discovery that we discovered the discovery well is in Block 53, where we have a separate set of partners as opposed to Block 58, it's in Total. We are the operator of Block 53. And so I can't say a lot at this point other than we've got a lot of work to do in terms of does Waha potentially flow into an oil hub in Block 58, or does it make up its own project in Block 53. So at this point, I can't sell a lot there other than, obviously, there's a lot of work being done, a lot of different angles looked at. And Tracey, I'll have you chime in a little bit on the geology.
John Christmann: No. I mean, as Steve mentioned in his prepared remarks that Egypt in a lot of places around the world right now are going through some difficult times. There is stress in the system. If you look at wheat prices and things, but from a standpoint of our business, it's been pretty much normal course in terms of movements and things like that. And you've seen us working constructively with Egypt to make progress, and you're seeing that. So.
John Christmann: Yes. I mean, Arun, first of all, it's -- like we said, we're rigs still on location, and so we've got a lot of technical work to do. But we'll come back at some point with more data. That is exactly what you just mentioned would be the steps you'd take. And we've got a lot of work to do to be in a position to do that. And obviously, we'll be working with our partner in Total. So.
John Christmann: Yeah. So Paul, the -- you get to the 800 million as we've disclosed at Sapakara from the original well, the second well, we had more than 600 million barrels of connected resource. So that's where six of it comes from. And then the original 200 was from the discovery well from the flow test we did there at Krabdagu. So the 800 million number is -- would be a connected resource in place, and it's not a recoverable number, but it also does not include Krabdagu-2 or Krabdagu-3 and the integration work that's going on now that will move forward. So -- and Dave, you might reference just it's really high-quality rock, and it'd be early to talk about actual recovery factors, but you can give some insights there.
John Christmann: Yeah. Sapakara was 1,100 GOR, roughly. And the discovery well at Krabdagu had a couple of different ranges from around the high-teens to the high 2000s.
John Christmann: I mean, I think, in general, you've seen a couple of deals take place in the Permian. They've traded at what we viewed as pretty high valuations. You look obviously focused organically. But you've always got to be on the lookout for things that could make sense. And obviously, that's where we are and what we do. We come in every day to try to make this company more valuable and more attractive. So….
John Christmann: Yes. Thank you for participating on our call today. I want to close with the following thoughts. Our asset teams are executing at a high level, and we have a high number of quality wells scheduled for the back half of the year which gives us confidence in achieving our full year production guidance. We're progressing in a positive direction in Suriname, and we remain committed to our capital return program. We look forward to keeping you apprised of our progress. Thank you.
Dave Pursell: Yes, Doug, as John alluded -- or John said, the gross oil at 145,000 in July gives us confidence. We have a couple other data points. We've had good success on exploration in both the [Indiscernible] Basin. So we have good line of sight on the well stock remaining through the rest of the year that will come online. If you look at expected wells online in the back half of the year, it's significantly higher than the front. So, just some numbers first half of the year, we brought 48 wells online. In the back half of the year, we expect to put over 70 wells online. So more wells, high-quality, good confidence in what those wells look like. So again, our confidence in the back half guidance is very good, very high.
Dave Pursell: We continue to look at the 2024 plan, and we're too early to give guidance, but we have confidence in the ability to keep the growth engine moving.
Dave Pursell: Yes, Roger, this is Dave. So on the drilling side, we continue to improve our drilling performance. Again, there's any number of metrics, which I won't bore you with. But the drilling team is doing a good job of getting our wells down in a very efficient manner where I think you might be going is on the productivity side. Lateral lengths, as I talked about earlier, getting a little bit longer and that helps. But on a lateral length adjusted basis, relaxed spacing and bigger fracs have been a benefit to us in getting those lateral length adjusted productivity numbers to continue to improve. And it's always hard to forecast or we're going to keep getting better, but we're happy with the program so far, 2023 looks pretty good compared to 2022. And the team -- we have a pretty good or very good subsurface team that continues to try to push the envelope productivity per foot, and we're striving to continue to move that into 2024.
Dave Pursell: Yes. Leo, we've talked about kind of our visibility is kind of through the end of the decade on this run rate in this program and -- no change to that. So we're pleased with -- we're looking at a 3- to 5-year plan and pretty happy with what we have in there. So stay tuned.
Dave Pursell: Yeah. Paul, I think if you can just look at historical recovery factors in big deepwater discoveries to put a range on it, the recovery factors are a function of the field development plans that you have. We're going to have gas injection here. And again, there'll be a lot of pressure maintenance. These are high-quality reservoirs. So I think you'd expect high recovery factors. But at this point, it's way premature to try to put a number on that.
Dave Pursell: Yeah. I don't have that at the tip of my fingers, but we've put the GORs in the prior press releases on the Sapakara and the Krabdagu discovery, and we've not disclosed anything yet on Krabdagu-2 or 3.
A – John Christmann: Neal, it took us a little bit on last year with training programs to kind of get the program where we wanted it. We're there today. So we feel good about that. We've put a lot of training in place I think right now, 17, 18 rigs is a pretty good number. I think it's about all that's in country and from a staffing perspective. So I think we're in a pretty good place. And you're seeing us finally get the results and the efficiencies where we were hoping we'd get to. So we feel like we're in a good place. And right now, that's what I see for the foreseeable future.
A – John Christmann: Yes. We came into this year really with our programs focused on the longer laterals, a lot of two and three milers. So Dave, I think you've got little more color or some statistics there.
A – John Christmann: It's early in terms of numbers. I mean we typically don't start getting into 2024. I can tell you, we're working the 2024 plan and a lot of detail right now that we start getting into reviewing that and so forth in the fall. I would anticipate pretty level activity sets from where we are today. And so if you look at that with the programs we're delivering and the types of laterals we're drilling, I would expect fairly similar increments of growth may be on a little higher base in terms of with the volume that we're growing this year. But it's always lumpy. We're running five rigs with the timing -- so I don't know how the timing will line up year-over-year, fourth quarter over fourth quarter, some of those numbers. But I would expect a very strong continuous program in the US and in Egypt for 2024.
A – John Christmann: Yes. The other thing I would add is if you look at the evolution of the program, a lot of the stuff we're drilling today that's Tier 1. Two years ago, we had it at Tier 2, Tier 3, right? We've got a nice acreage footprint. And so you're always also looking to see the evolution of the resource. So we've got strong confidence in the U.S. inventory at this program rates.
A – John Christmann: Yeah. I mean I think if we look at the back half of 2023, we've got around $50 million of capital in the North Sea. And that's probably what you'd assume going into -- for each half of next year. I'd say so $100 million, give or take, is what it would look at like today roughly. I think the biggest thing there is just philosophy change. I mean, we're going to be operating for safety and integrity and managing decline and managing free cash flow. And there's still a lot of life left. I think the important thing is even by pulling the Patriot out, it doesn't really change our timing on when we see abandonment. I think we're still well into the early 2030s. And so we're going to do as good a job with that asset managing it for free cash flow.
A – Dave Pursell: Yes. So just on the Permian in general, we continue to walk lateral length higher. If you look at last year, we averaged just over 10,000 feet. This year, we're going to average closer to 10,500 feet for lateral. Again, there's variance. There are some 3 milers and there's some 1.5. But on average, the program is getting longer. And in 2024, we anticipate the links will continue to inch a little bit longer as well. And I think on the frac side, we've tended to lean to a little bit looser spacing and larger individual frac stage size. And have had good success to that. And so I don't know that we'll get any bigger, but we've -- we're pretty comfortable with where we are on our completion designs at this point.
A – Dave Pursell: Yes. Jeffrey, just a good question on the Midland versus Delaware split. If you -- again, as rigs are fungible, we could there's no magic a Delaware rig could move over to the Southern Midland Basin. But if you think about a the next 18 months or so, two in SMB and three in Delaware Basin is to make sense. And then the question on Alpine, it's really about not just gas price, but what gas price does it take for those wells to be competitive versus an oil rig line, either in SMB or Delaware. And those are the decisions we'll be looking at is Matterhorn comes online sometime back half of next year.
A – Dave Pursell: Yes, Paul, this is Dave. I don't have that number. It's a relatively small percent of the total work plan. We're happy with the results from our three milers. It's really just a question of where does the acreage footprint allow that to allow us to drill the three milers. You can tell just on the numbers I threw out earlier, most of what we're drilling are two milers. But the team, any time we get a chance to drill three miler, we'll do it and that's just acreage footprint. But from a modeling standpoint is probably best to just assume they're all two milers program.
A – JohnChristmann: The only thing I'd say, and I'm going to defer, we'll let Total handle those relationships, and that's what they're -- they'll be operator, right? I'll just leave it at that. But I mean, I would say we came into this year with the goal to appraise Krabdagu because we said it could impact scope scale. And clearly, we've had a positive result at Krabdagu 3. So that was one of the objectives with the appraisal program and the number three well was designed for a very large step up to better understand potentially what type of resource we could have there. So we've got a lot of technical teams do the work, but that was the objective coming into this year was to help better understand scope and scale.
A – JohnChristmann: I mean obviously, the nice thing is, is having a diverse portfolio where we've got places to put capital. And we basically program in the North Sea with the Ocean Patriot for six months. You see us in a good position in terms of sustaining and growing the company. So as we look at next year, we'll factor in what makes sense. But right now, more importantly from the North Seas perspective, you'd need to see some stability in the regime to make long-term investments. And right now, we have not seen any stability. And so I would not anticipate us jumping in because prices are up and deciding to put a lot of capital in the North Sea at this point than what we need to do for maintenance and integrity and safety.
A – JohnChristmann: Yes, Leo, I mean, we've got a large block. We've got a lot of time for other prospect areas and so forth. And I think the key was coming in, there's been a focus on let's get to project and an oil development, and that was what the focus was this year. And there are other prospects in the Krabdagu and Sapakara area. But at this point, we don't think it's necessary to drill those right down so.
