Steve Riney: Thank you, John, and good morning. For the third quarter, under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, APA reported consolidated net income of $459 million, or $1.49 per diluted common share. As usual, these results include items that are outside of our core earnings. The most significant of which was a $93 million release of a valuation allowance on deferred tax asset. This was offset by a loss on the quarterly mark-to-market of our Kinetik stock ownership and unrealized derivative losses on our Waha basis swaps. Excluding these and other smaller items, adjusted net income for the third quarter was $410 million or $1.33 per share. Free cash flow, which for external purposes excludes changes in working capital, was $307 million in the quarter. Through dividends and share repurchases, we returned 32% of this amount to shareholders during the quarter. As John indicated, year-to-date, we have returned 65% of free cash flow to shareholders. Please refer to APA's published definition of free cash flow for any reconciliation needs. In our 3Q earnings prerelease, we anticipated G&A expense would be significantly higher than our underlying run rate of cost, which is around $100 million. For the quarter, reported G&A was $139 million, mostly because of APA stock price appreciation and the mark-to-market impact on previously accrued share-based compensation. As we have explained in the past, the mark-to-market of share price movements also impacts LOE, CapEx and exploration expense. Thus, these items were also higher during the third quarter for the same reason. North Sea taxes also came in above guidance in the quarter by $46 million. This was the result of an incremental cargo lifting late in the quarter, which was not anticipated at the time we provided 3Q guidance in August. In accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, we recognize cargo liftings in the quarter they occur, which increases revenue and current tax expense, but has no impact on reported production volumes. To be clear though, this is just a movement of revenue and income tax expense from the fourth quarter into the third quarter and has no impact on our anticipated full-year North Sea production revenue or income tax expense. As previously noted, our Cheniere gas sales contract commenced on August 1 and contributed two months of free cash flow in the third quarter. You will find this impact on our P&L in the two line items, which capture the revenue and costs associated with oil and gas purchased for resale. In the third quarter, the Cheniere contract contributed free cash flow and pre-tax income of $32 million. We currently anticipate it will contribute approximately $90 million in the fourth quarter and $375 million for the full-year 2024. In closing, as anticipated, the second half of 2023 is poised for improving production and free cash flow versus the first half of the year. With the improving performance, we are tracking very close to our original full-year guidance across most of our key financial and operational metrics for the year. We will continue to return capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. And while our balance sheet is much stronger than a few years ago, we continue to recognize the need for further progress on debt reduction. And with that, I will turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Steve Riney: Yes, on the working capital, this is Steve. So we did have an increase in working capital in the quarter in Egypt, as you will see in the supplement. So the receivables did go up during the quarter, but receivables from EGPC actually went down during the quarter. And if we go back to first quarter of this year, when I think the concern about the payments from EGPC kind of surfaced at that point in time with the first quarter results in May. Since that time, from first quarter -- end of first quarter to the end of the third quarter, EGPC receivables have gone down and so have the past due receivables from EGPC. So I think we're in good shape there. We've made making progress; we've made some good progress. And as John always says, we're in constant contact with the highest level folks in Egypt about managing that receivable balance. So we're making some good progress there. More to go, but we're making good progress. I think the issue with a reason why receivables went up in the third quarter is because we were exporting more cargoes than selling them to third parties. And those third-party receivables have gone up during the quarter because we were -- third-party receivables were low at the end of the second quarter and higher at the end of the third quarter. So those are receivables that are just paid under normal terms from our normal credit worthy and on time paying purchasers of the oil coming out of Egypt in export cargos.
Steve Riney: Right, right. And you'll see there is a -- at the corporate level, not just in Egypt at the corporate level, there's a meaningful increase in working capital during the quarter. And that also is just seasonal type things. We had some payables in particular a large one around taxes, large cash payment in taxes in the UK that comes in the third quarter. And so a lot of seasonality to working capital movements for the company as a whole.
John Christmann: Yes, Doug, it's a good question. We're in the process right now working through the 2024 plan. Clearly, we've got some downtime that we've announced in the North Sea in the fourth quarter, as we do have a compressor that we had to haul onshore. We'll get that back on sometime early next year and then you'll be back at your base decline both for Forties and barrel. Forties is underwater flood, so it's got much lower decline than barrel. But we do not have the rig. We'll continue to focus on maintenance integrity projects and we'll come back early next year with a detailed look when we give out the 2024 plan.
John Christmann: Yes. I would just say for now, I mean kind of the official timeline is FID by the end of 2024 and first oil by 2028. But obviously there's incentive and motivation to try to accelerate that, and I would expect that they will do everything they can to do so.
John Christmann: John, it's a spot rig, we're picking up. It'll kind of go pad to pad. It will start in the Delaware on some oil pads, but then there's flexibility and we'll come back in February with a little more detail obviously on the 2024 plan and how that would sit.
John Christmann: Yes, John, it's a great question. Yes. It includes about $150 million of expiration. I think you laid it out pretty accurately. You'll see a full-year without drilling in the North Sea. You'll see an increase in the Permian, relatively stable drilling lines in Egypt, and you will see about $100.5 million in terms of expiration is what we're sketching out at this point. So relatively stable program with continued exploration investment like we've done over the last several years.
John Christmann: Yes. Neal, program it will be pretty stable. We're running 18 rigs in Egypt and it is a steady diet of both development and exploration and I anticipate that to be very similar next year. And we do expect to be able to continue to show good growth in Egypt.
John Christmann: I mean it's really more a function of stability in the Waha pricing. And the wells we've drilled this year have been strong and very competitive. I mean I think at $3 at Waha, they're very, very competitive with Permian oil. So -- but it's really more a function of when we believe we'll have stability there at Waha that you can produce some end of the infrastructure.
John Christmann: Yes. We'll give you the details when we rollout the plan in February, but we'll show growth most likely year-over-year end exit. But let us give you those details in February.
John Christmann: Yes. I mean we look at the multi-year plan and that's the beauty of the carry is it's going to keep that in a very, very manageable place from where we've been. So I mean that we basically structured that deal, banking on success and you'll see that start to follow through if we move through the next phases. So got to FID a project first, but that's where the carry will kick in.
John Christmann: There's no doubt Egypt needs more gas production. We're flowing everything we can into the grid, which is where our gas goes. Our program has been focused on oil as we receive 265 per MMBtu there. But short-term there's not anything we could do to increase gas production. But there are some longer-term projects, but we would need to work on a higher gas price there.
John Christmann: No, it's a great question. The focus this year was appraisal of Krabdagu, so we could start a project in terms of getting it moving into the next phase. And we're in a position to do that now. We do see several high quality, low risk prospects in Block 58. A lot of the program at Krabdagu that obviously appraised that fairway also de-risked in our mind a lot of prospects. There's no urgency in terms of getting to them in 2024, but we will be working through those with our partner. And when I look at the two blocks, we see more prospectivity in 58 over 53. We're working with our various partners there on the next steps at Baja, but I think we would see more prospectivity in 58 over 53 at this point.
John Christmann: Alaska fits our exploration strategy and that is trying to build a high quality portfolio. We've got a proven operator, its state lands, very, very prospective acreage and it's something we look forward to sharing more in February. And it's all about a portfolio on the exploration side and having choices to high grade and drill the best things that are going to create the most shareholder value.
John Christmann: Yes. I mean I think we like to look at both avenues, both the organic and the inorganic. And we stayed committed to an exploration program and you're seeing that pay off in Suriname and longer-term, but I also think you saw us last year bolster some acreage in the Delaware. So it's a diet of both that you're constantly looking at and you've got to continue to focus on adding to the assets as well as what can create value for your shareholders.
John Christmann: Yes. I mean, I think with where we sit today, five to six rigs, David say, into the decade pretty easily. And that's focused on higher quality, longer laterals and we're always -- we've got a nice footprint that we're always moving inventory from one category of up into the high graded as we continue to test and find ways to make it all work, so.
John Christmann: At this point, we'll come back with more color next year on the program. It's a placeholder and we're working through. There's some other things we'll be doing. You've got exploration in Egypt that we've always funded and some other things, but we'll come back with more color in February.
John Christmann: Yes. I mean it's a situation where we've always had, I'll call it a wells or a volume offline that requires work over. We have a lot of sub pumps in Egypt and we've had some increase in the failures in a few areas and that number's ticked up. And Dave can get into some more color, but we've just got more barrels offline that we need to get to on the work over side. And we're addressing that, so it's something we're jumping all over.
John Christmann: Yes. It's something that it's interesting. We're coming up on our 30th anniversary of being in Egypt. So we've got a great history there. We've been there a long time and we've been through watched Egypt go through a lot of trying times. This year has been difficult for them and it's really been driven more by inflation and currency devaluation and some of those factors. We're closely monitoring the situation. I think the good thing from our perspective is our operations are all West of Cairo into the Western desert. And if you go back in history, even over the Arab Spring, we have not had any shut-ins or major interruption in our operations. So I think the good news there is the government continues to prioritize oil and gas operations. They know they need the in country production and we've been watching things very, very closely, so.
John Christmann: It's in general right now; it's a placeholder for the things we want to do. But there's seismic that'll be being shot in Suriname in the where would be the development area, some other things. So it'll capture our exploration spend for next year and we'll come back with more details in February.
John Christmann: There I mean it's really just a continuous program. I mean, we're seeing the benefit of the deliberate approach we've taken. We've been focused on long laterals and really locking the rig lines down and giving the teams time to execute and you're seeing that we've continued to drill long laterals and we're continuing to have good results. It's really just a function of the timing of the completions. In terms of adding the sixth rig, it's really more allocation of capital from the North Sea into the Permian. And -- but we look forward to continuing to deliver strong results. And if you look fourth quarter is a little flattish compared to third quarter. A lot of that's because third quarter is running ahead versus fourth quarter running behind. So we're very, very pleased with the execution level in the U.S.
John Christmann: Yes. Thank you for participating on our call this morning. I want to leave you with the following thoughts. We've completed a successful appraisal program in Suriname at Sapakara and Krabdagu and will advance a project through the feed process during 2024. In Egypt, gross oil production continues to increase on the success of our drilling program. And lastly, we continue to deliver outstanding results in the Permian, where we've added a sixth rig which will add to the momentum as we enter 2024. We look forward to telling you more about the things in February and thank you for the call.
Dave Pursell: Yes, Doug. Yes, I think it's -- as John was about to say, I think it's a bit early to state that for 2024. It's certainly a possibility, but let's get to February. We'll have a detailed plan and then we'll -- and we'll know kind of what type of price environment we're looking at as well, and we'll have a better analysis on that at that point in time.
Dave Pursell: Yes. It's a good question, how timing of completions drives the quarterly production cadence, this is Dave Purcell, by the way. The remaining completions this quarter will be weighted more towards December, and then we'll provide you in February with what the cadence of completions looks like in 2024. And as you can imagine, there'll still be some lumpiness and we'll provide that in February once we get the plan finalized.
Dave Pursell: Yes. And so just to follow-on what John said, we're working on a root cause analysis just to understand, are we seeing a structural change in well failures, we've seen a reduction in ESP run times, but we're doing a broader look at that. And to put some numbers on John's comment, on base level of work over inventory, that typically represents about 5,000 barrels a day of production that's offline at any given time. We've seen that increase to over 10,000 barrels a day, really from the end of the second quarter through today. So we've added a work over rig. We're doing some other things to start working that backlog down over time.
