John J. Christmann: Pierce, we came into this downturn unhedged. And our best hedge was being able to reduce our activity levels, which we've done. We feel like we're living within cash flow. We're going to approach forward-looking prices in terms of budgeting around a band and then giving ourselves flexibility when prices range above that. So the plan at this point is we don't have a lot of plans for hedging. We want the exposure. And I think the big key has been we're making long-term decisions and long-term investments, and we need to be gearing our cost structure and overhead structure and investment criteria to where those prices are. We'll budget conservatively and then reap the benefits when things are above it.
John J. Christmann: I think it's just the culmination of the technical work that we've been doing in the area with specific targeting. We now have three zones in the Third Bone in that area. We've really gone in and I'll say specialized our completions. We're learning which zones, where we want to complete with all of the changes there. But it's just really the evolution of the process and the continuous improvement that we seek in every well we drill.
John J. Christmann: At this point, we geared 2016 at $35. And at that level, we were not making very many development drilling choices in North America. You see with the little shift in capital, North America is getting the lion's share of that. The lion's share of that is going into our Permian operations. Clearly, at those types of price levels, Dave, we'd be looking at significant higher levels of investment. We're running a bunch of scenarios as we start to think about 2017. We'll come out with more color and more guidance like we typically do when we look at the fourth quarter call of this year as we start to think about 2017.
John J. Christmann: It shows you that first and foremost, we're able to add a couple of platform rigs back into our plan in the North Sea. And truthfully, if you look at our international CapEx, it's going to be down from where we started initially the year, which is due to the efficiencies. So it shows you the progress we've been making on the international front as well. We felt like maintaining those two rigs is critical. We've got a lot of workovers and a lot of high-return projects that we can pursue, and it's not a lot of capital added back in for the back half of the year. So they compete very, very well, and a lot of low-hanging fruit that we'll go after.
John J. Christmann: John, the one thing we didn't want to do, we reduced our staff about 30% in 2015. And quite frankly, I think when we look at us today, we've got the ability to ramp up internally significantly from where we sit today. I think we could probably handle a $60 – $65 deck pretty easily. So we tried really hard. We've got a lot of employees we've made significant investments in, and we were very methodical and forward-thinking in terms of our staffing levels. So I feel really good about our internal head count. That's the one area we didn't want to get too aggressive and try to gear it to this lower side of the – the lower end of the price environment.
John J. Christmann: We've got two blocks there. Block 53 we own 45% of. That seismic was shot prior. We have gone and we drilled a well last year and have gone in and fully evaluated that. We have a handful of prospects we're looking at. We have contracted a rig and anticipate drilling a well on Block 53 in very early 2017. Block 58, we are currently shooting seismic there now, and we own that block 100%.
John J. Christmann: I think the important thing, Brian, is we've got a lot of opportunity in our acreage position that we're excited about, and we have a lot of key wells that we want to drill. We want to get some of those wells drilled because knowing those results and those things will impact how you grade out your capital in the future, which projects you pursue, and also it comes into how you address the portfolio. So there's a lot of things out there. And quite frankly, we took a very balanced approach this year. We took a conservative approach. We budgeted $35. We scaled back significantly. That just slows down the rate at which we're moving through some things that are pretty important to us. Clearly, with prices averaging in the second quarter above $35, it's given us some cash flow. You see we put a rig out last month in the Midland Basin, which will be drilling some Midland Basin, Wolfcamp, and Lower Spraberry shale wells. So we're excited about that, and clearly we've got some areas where we're doing some additional testing. And I think we'll keep testing until we feel like we're in a position that we're ready to stop testing.
John J. Christmann: I think the point there is, with the progress we've made on cost structure, we feel pretty good about even a $45 deck. If you go back to this year, and keep in mind our North American capital has not gone to development type projects to try to bring on volumes, at $45, if we budgeted $45 and added an additional $900 million of CapEx to North America this year, we would have kept North America flat, lived within our means, and we're already keeping our international flat. So I think the thing as we think into 2017, that number is going to be lower. Number one, our capital efficiencies are much, much better. They continue to get better. You see the progress we're making on the cost structure, the overhead structure, the LOE, the well costs. So our capital efficiency is actually – we continue to surprise ourselves with the progress we're making on the capital efficiency side. And then the other piece is, our base has come down a little bit as we've been less focused on growth and more focused on adjusting cost structure to where we can generate returns. So quite frankly, $45 would have been a pretty comfortable price for us this year, and I think that number would be lower in 2017.
John J. Christmann: I think we had a little bit. It was better this quarter. But I think we planned for a little bit more than in years past, but it's much better today.
John J. Christmann: The first thing I would say is we're going to be a member of the returns club, is the club we want to be focused in and focused on full cycle, full cost, fully burdened returns. And that's the club we're focused in. I think above $45 this year, you would have seen our volumes grow and been able to do that. So as I think about joining a $50 club, we probably already were in the $50 club. So we just haven't planned accordingly. We budgeted $35 this year, and you've seen us let a little bit of capital out. So I think the market today is more constructive than it's been, both on oil and natural gas. I think it got a little bit ahead of itself here in the last few months, and we've seen it come back as we went back and touched $40. I think we'll see what kind of price band we look at as we get into 2017. I don't see us departing from a conservative budgeting approach, gearing things to the low end of the band. And then we can always let a little bit out where we don't get ourselves in trouble in terms of spending out way beyond our means.
John J. Christmann: We haven't come out and really updated anything since the fall of 2014. And the approach has been we've been doing primarily strategic testing. We're not running a ton of rigs in North America. We were running 93 rigs in the fall of 2014, and we had four rigs for most of last quarter. I think at some point in the future as we start to turn more capital loose, we'll come out and talk more about some of those things. We feel good about our acreage. We feel good about our inventory. We've been building inventory. And the big deal is working the cost structure. And you see with the few number of rigs we're running, you see results getting significantly better. And that's a credit to all of our teams, the science they're applying, and the progress we're making. So we feel quite good about our inventory, our running room in a number of plays.
John J. Christmann: I think right now we've been working on North American cost structure. And I'm thankful that we're not in the position that we're wholesale selling assets and that over the last 12 months in this low price environment. We moved some conventional assets in late 2014 when prices were high. We moved some South Louisiana assets in late 2014 when prices were high. We moved our LNG on a high price deck. So I feel real good about what we were able to sell. I think as we look at the portfolio, and it will continue to evolve. And as we continue to assess our inventory and look at that, we'll address some of those decisions over the next 24 months in the future. But I don't see right now is a time that you want to be trying to just sell assets and bring forward cash when we're not in a period where we're outspending or wanting to spend more and drive a lot of development in this low price environment either. But clearly, over the next 24 months, we'll continue to assess what the portfolio looks like and where we will be making those types of investments.
John J. Christmann: And the only thing I would add, Doug, is just a lot to our field folks. What we've got is workforce out there that's taken on the burden of doing things themselves, things that they might have contracted in the past, and it's that old Apache hard-core, low-cost mentality, where everybody realizes they can pitch in and save a few dollars here, and it adds up. And it's that mindset that I think that you've seen really come through in 2016.
John J. Christmann: I think the color we'll give you is we've been busy, and we're going to continue to be busy. We've had to go through a total reset in the business over the last 18 months. And the good news is we've made progress in all aspects of our portfolio. From Canada to our Mid-Continent to our Eagle Ford to our Permian, we've made progress in all of our projects, and we have a deep inventory. We also have a lot of key things that we're testing, which obviously could change the pecking order things. So we're working through all those things, Doug. I think as we start to make some decisions and conclude some of the testing and things that we're doing and start to talk about some of that, I think then that leads to what some of the follow-ons might be after that. But I'm excited about the progress that we're making across the entire portfolio and that all of our areas are doing a fantastic job. And we've got a lot of things that look very attractive with where prices are today and where cost structure has moved today.
John J. Christmann: The thing I'd add to that, Charles, is we've been busy doing some swaps and some things too that have really cored up that acreage neutral, but have cored up our position where we really can drill more longer laterals now and less the shorter laterals. That's another thing that some of the progress that we've made while we haven't had rigs in the field.
John J. Christmann: The answer to the first question is yes. You can anticipate longer laterals. That's one of the things we've been working on in our Midland basin portfolio. And then secondly, we're making progress, but there will still be some testing with this rig and some of these concepts. We've got a pretty good idea we'll be working some spacing tests as well as the zones and how you stack those zones across a section. And so we'll never stop testing.
