Stephen Riney: Thanks, John. For the first quarter, under generally accepted accounting principles, APA reported consolidated net income of $242 million or $0.78 per diluted common share. As usual, these results include items that are outside of core earnings. The most significant of these items was a $174 million charge related to the remeasurement of our deferred tax liability in the U.K. caused by the most recent increase in the energy profits levy. This was partially offset by the release of a valuation allowance on U.S. deferred tax assets.  Excluding these and other smaller items, adjusted net income for the first quarter was $372 million or $1.19 per diluted common share. Free cash flow, as we define it, which excludes changes in working capital, was $272 million in the quarter, 81% of which we returned to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.  As John noted, it was a strong quarter for production, and costs were a good bit under plan. G&A expense was $65 million, significantly below both the prior quarter and the same quarter last year. This is a result of APA's lower stock price at quarter end and the mark-to-market impact on previously accrued share-based compensation. Excluding this mark-to-market impact, underlying quarterly G&A costs remained stable at roughly $100 million. LOE also came in a good bit below expectations primarily due to the previously mentioned mark-to-market impact of stock-based compensation programs as well as foreign currency impacts in Egypt.  Switching to forward-looking guidance items. In the U.S., oil production growth is expected to return in the second quarter and should ramp further in the third quarter in conjunction with completion cadence. Our U.S. natural gas production outlook is more muted as we are responding to weak Waha pricing with lean gas drilling reductions.  In addition, we could see further lean gas production curtailments. But to be clear, further curtailments are not contemplated in our U.S. production guidance. All of this is consistent with our bias towards managing for cash flow and long-term returns, not production growth. The $100 million reduced drilling activity John noted will occur mostly in the second half of this year. With that, our full year capital budget has been reduced to $1.9 billion to $2 billion.  Next, I would like to highlight our 2 material gas trading activities that are truly differential for APA, our gas transport obligations and our Cheniere gas supply contract. Our gas transport contracts provide significant cash flow benefits during periods of dislocated Permian gas prices. We hold just over 670 million cubic feet per day of Permian Basin takeaway capacity.  We purchased third-party gas in-basin for resale on the Gulf Coast, realizing a trading margin whenever the price differentials are greater than the transport cost. In the first quarter, this activity generated a net profit of $23 million. Based on current strip prices, we have increased our full year guidance for net profit from such activity to $100 million.  The Cheniere agreement, which will commence on August 1, is another important commercial trading activity. This arrangement provides upside exposure to world LNG margins over Houston Ship Channel on 140 million cubic feet of natural gas per day. For 2023, projected cash flow from this contract has come down a bit from our prior guidance due to the decline in European and Asian LNG prices. Over the past few months, we have provided potential outcomes of annualized free cash flows at different price levels related to this contract. You can find those in the appendix of our financial and operational supplement.  At current strip prices, the Cheniere contract will generate and expected $175 million of free cash flow for the last 5 months of 2023. All of our guidance for both the second quarter and updated full year 2023 and can be found in our financial and operational supplement.  One final item I'd draw your attention to. Looking at the balance sheet, you will notice that our revolver debt increased by a little over $400 million in the first quarter. This was driven by an approximate $500 million increase in working capital primarily due to the paydown of accrued liabilities from December 31, but it also includes increasing accounts receivable in Egypt. Overall, we had a very good quarter to start the year. We're benefiting from relatively stable activity levels within a portfolio that allows us to generate free cash flow and invest in the long-term sustainability of our business. And with that, I will turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Stephen Riney: Yes. And Doug, if I could just kind of add to John's comments there a bit. So we are -- it did go up $180 million in the first quarter. And I'd say that the receivables we have from Egypt are higher than historical averages, no doubt. Some of that is price and some of it is the delay in payment. But I'd just comment that, as John talked about the 30 years of history, we've been in this position several times. This level of receivables from Egypt is not unprecedented. It's never a good time to have this happen, obviously. But I would say it's not overly concerning at this point. Egypt's credit rating has been pretty stable since it got upgraded in 2015. We watch the situation extremely closely. And as John said, we're in active conversations about this specific issue, and we're doing that at the very highest levels in the country. So we feel confident about this.
Stephen Riney: Yes. And -- if I can just remind people also, John, we sell all of our gas produced in the Permian Basin in the Permian Basin. And so we're getting Waha or El Paso Permian prices for that gas. And we have our transport obligations to the Gulf Coast, but we buy gas and sell that on the Gulf Coast. We make that margin regardless of whether we produce a molecule of gas in the Permian or not. So everything has to be evaluated on the basis of we're selling this at Waha, not at the Gulf Coast.
Stephen Riney: Well, I think the simple thing would be to say that Waha has to be attractive enough to compete with more oil drilling right next door.
Stephen Riney: Yes. Arun. Yes, as I've indicated earlier, there was a $500 million working capital increase. $300 million of that was because of a paydown of accrued compensation obligations that were accrued through the 2022 calendar year, and $100 million of that was due to the paydown of other payables, other accounts payable. And then there were a bunch of other small items, ups and downs, that amounted to the full $500 million. And I did indicate that buried within that was the $180 million increase in Egypt accounts receivable. I think that most of that is going to reverse during 2023.  As every quarter, we accrue the incentive compensation that will be payable at the -- in the first quarter of the following year. So a lot of that's just going to reaccrue as we go through calendar year 2023.
Stephen Riney: No. For quite some time, our is that every molecule of gas we produce in the Permian Basin is sold in the Permian Basin, and our trading organization will take care of both the long-haul transport obligations through purchasing and selling gas, and we'll also take care of the Cheniere contract with purchased gas.
Stephen Riney: Yes. I'd just add that in the last two -- quarter years, we've reduced debt by $3.2 billion while also buying back $2.4 billion worth of equity. The biggest thing, I think we accomplished in the bond reduction, the debt reduction flows in the near term. And in the near-term maturities, we've got 30% of our bond debt matures here in the next -- well, between now and 2030. And only around $350 million of that matures in the next 5 years. So we don't have much of a runway to worry about.  And then 70% of our debt is 2037 and beyond. We've got some -- we've got a really good profile for debt maturities as well. And then the last thing I would add is cost management. John talked about the ability to reduce the capital budget, but we've been very disciplined on managing our cost structure as well. Keeping that low helps certainly build resiliency.
Stephen Riney: Yes. Maybe you could kind of help us next time we go talk to the rating agencies, but appreciate that. But we feel like -- well, we talked to the rating agencies at least twice a year. We are investment grade with Fitch now, and we're on positive outlook for an increase to investment grade with S&P and Moody's. We have talked to them recently. We'll see what happens.  I think we -- as you've kind of alluded to there, I think we are due for an upgrade. Hopefully, that comes in 2023. And I think we trade -- I mean we benchmarked very well compared to some of our peers that are already investment grade. So I think we are due for that.
David Pursell: Yes, John. This is Dave Pursell. We may have had more than 5 wells planned for the middle of the year. But if you're trying to -- there's some moving parts in the Permian budget, but the effect is, yes, the net $100 million is essentially all the Alpine drilling, completion and facilities capital rounds up to $100 million.
David Pursell: Yes. So counselor, when we think about this, -- the capital program is performing as expected. So new wells and recompletes, those are on track. We've had slightly lower base production. So a series of things, and we'll highlight a couple of the big ones. We have an unplanned downtime at a gas plant, which will impact condensate production. We've had some ESP failures on some of our larger oil producers. Those are the temporary issues -- we've done some injection conversions taking producers to waterflood injection and that takes some time to see the oil production benefit from those. And then one of our mature fields, our field experienced an increase in water cut late first quarter. And put that in perspective, it's a 3,000 barrel a day field that's now producing close to 1,000 barrels a day. So it's not a big producer, but on the margin, that loss of 2,000 barrels a day impacted second quarter. It actually had a slight impact on the first quarter as well. So when we look at the second quarter, we just felt like given those events, it was probably appropriate to guide conservatively flat I'll tell you, the team is expecting to beat that. So we'll see, but we want to guide conservatively and we'll see as we go through the quarter some of the temporary issues will get back. I think it's important to highlight given the pace of new well drills, the quality of those wells, the recompletes, we remain confident in our ability to grow production in the back half of the year. So no change to guidance for '23.
David Pursell: Yes. In calendar year '23, it won't have a big number. The numbers we're looking at are a little bit higher than what you have, Paul, but not materially. And I think when you look at the 21 wells in the second quarter, they're big pads, and those pads come online. The Delaware pad, for example, is 11 wells on our Titus acquisition. And so we'll be bringing that online. It will come on at pace, but back-end weighted towards the end of the quarter, not the beginning.
David Pursell: Yes. Paul, we had talked about 10% exit to exit on gross in Egypt, and the goal would be to, in the next couple of years, think about something in that range.
David Pursell: Yes. I think for us, Paul, we have pretty good visibility on -- we have really good visibility on the program, and that program consists of new well drilling as well as recompletions. And both of those have a significant impact on the ability to grow production. So we have -- again, we still have confidence in our ability to hit that growth rate.
David Pursell: Yes. So I think there's a -- if you -- without getting into the granularity of each asset, we feel confident in the ability to hit the Egypt exit to exit. The U.S. is going to grow. We have 21 wells coming online in the second quarter. We have more than that in the third quarter. A fair number of the wells that were brought online in the first quarter were 3 milers that were brought on towards the end of the quarter. So we feel good about the U.S. ability to execute. And then on the North Sea, which is kind of because of the EPL, everyone's kind of forgot about that, but we're actually having a pretty good operating success so far this year in the North Sea, both with platform operating efficiency. But we also brought on a really nice well at the end of the first quarter, and we have another well to store. It's the last subsea well that the Ocean Patriot drilled. It will be online here relatively quickly. That's going to be a little bit higher gas mix, which in the North Sea is not a bad thing right now. So we feel really comfortable with our ability to hit the portfolio growth targets.
David Pursell: Yes. So Jeffrey, good questions. This is Dave. On the 3 miler question first, we tend to like to drill 3 milers where the acreage is set up for that. It's very capital efficient. We've been able to execute those really well, both on the drilling and the completion. So where it's possible, we'll do that. But I think you should think about the majority of our portfolio or 2-mile laterals. So the typical well is going to be a 2-miler. On productivity, we continue to -- the team's work and study and try to squeeze out productivity gains on every pad we get on -- and we continue to have pretty good results with that.  So we're -- I don't know how you think about that externally if we've got some -- a pretty good process in place and feel comfortable with it. We've got a good methodical pace of drilling and completions and are pleased with that pace at this point.
David Pursell: Yes. So inventory, we've consistently said we've got line of sight kind of through the end of the decade. And we keep adding things to it. And that number will move around over time. At the current cadence, I think you could look at the second and third quarter activity pace and roll that through into '24, but we haven't really given guidance yet on '24 on what the capital program and activity would look like. We're assuming that we kind of hold serve on productivity gains. But again, the aspiration is to continue to squeeze more out of each completion.
John Christmann: Well, John, I mean, we did add some more weighted drilling in the Permian with that. That was contemplated. And then you're seeing us drop some of the gas weighted drilling at Alpine. So two effects there.
John Christmann: On Egypt, just a couple of minutes here, Doug. One, we've been in the country for more than -- almost 30 years and we've partnered with Egypt and EGPC and the highest levels of government the whole time. I'd say over that time period, Egypt has been through a number of challenges and successful reforms. The best thing that we can do to help Egypt and our stakeholders is to deliver oil production growth. And that's what we're doing while reducing our emissions. Egypt, like many other places in the world today, is going through a challenging economic time with inflation. This does have some flow-through to us, but not anything that we haven't had to work through in the past. And in fact, there's been more difficult times in the past. Specifically, they are dealing with the after effects of a currency devaluation in January, and we are currently helping our Egyptian National employees through this as we have also done in the past.  We maintain very deep and long-standing relationships with our Egyptian stakeholders, both at EGPC and within the government at the highest levels, I'll say. And we are confident that they will work through this. And we are also having very constructive conversations on how to address the receivables over time currently. So we feel good and a long track record here.
John Christmann: I would just say, Doug, we're still getting results from Krabdagu. We're in the buildup phase. To put things in perspective, I won't -- I'm not going to give you a predrill expectations, but the well was in line. But I will remind you that the Krabdagu 2 is 4.9 kilometers from the discovery well. So -- and Krabdagu 3 is 10.3 kilometers from the discovery well. So when you look at that map, sometimes you forget just how large of an area that is. And obviously, we're very pleased with the early data and the results we have from the appraisal well. But you know our history has been able to come back with connected volumes, and we're not ready to do that yet because we're still collecting pressure data.
John Christmann: Yes. Bob, I'd say the first thing is, you know we've got a very large asset base area that stretches really from Cairo, almost to be. And we've got a number of fields, and I'll let Dave walk through some of the temporary things and then another minor issue.
John Christmann: Yes, Charles, I don't know where you got any ideas on time line because it wouldn't have been from us, but just because Total is operating. I would say the Krabdagu 2 moved on pretty much as expected. We're just in a period now where we're gaining data through the buildup. And so that is the most important information in terms of connected volumes. I will say the Krabdagu 3 well is running a little behind, but that also was a brand-new rig that was brought in the basin. And so there's been some fits and starts on the drilling of the third well. So I wouldn't read too much into that other than it just is taking a little longer than anticipated.
John Christmann: As we said in the prepared remarks, we're seeing good results on the program there. There's no reason to invest the capital today into this price environment. And so I think we want to see the infrastructure kind of get resolving it through this and feel like we're in a good place because we're making long-term investment decisions here. I'm very pleased with the results but we want a clear pathway on a more constructive price environment for gas.
John Christmann: Yes, Paul, I'll let Dave jump in. But it is timing. We said most of the wells came on late in the first quarter in the Permian. And then effectively, your well counts are going to be pretty similar because we're dropping the gas-weighted drilling in the Permian, and we're adding some oil weighting. So it shouldn't have a big impact on the numbers, I wouldn't believe. But Dave, I'll let you...
John Christmann: I mean you're cutting out a little bit on the question. So I didn't -- I think I -- it's about capital discipline. I'd say, I think, in general we feel good about where we are. Most of our capital costs are under contract. So it's about cost control and execution. We've made some choices to move some things around and you're seeing the impacts of those. And that's some of the flexibility of the portfolio. But everything is within line and really, we don't plan to drill wells that we wouldn't want to complete. And that's why you see us kind of curtailing the drilling in the gas-weighted programs in the U.S.
John Christmann: I would just say it's early, right? Everything is still under contract. I think where you'd start to see that as we start looking at, thinking about the '24 pricing and so forth, as you start pricing that in towards the middle of the year into next year. But right now, as you know, the cost structure always lags. And so we haven't seen any real direct softness today.
John Christmann: Yes, you're cutting out for most of your questions. So I think it's -- do we have enough. And I think the answer is, as we've said all along with Krabdagu, we're looking at an oil hub, which incorporates both Sapakara and Krabdagu. And the thing we've been focused on is a scope and scale right. So at this point, it's all I'll say the connected original in place. We put in the documents this morning does not include the appraisal work from Krabdagu yet. So we're making good progress.
John Christmann: At this point, no update on the Chalk. And on the Alpine wells, we're flowing them back at constrained rates, but we're very pleased with the deliverability and the early results.
John Christmann: Well, number one, there's not a lot of competition for rigs or services in Egypt, right? So we've seen pretty stable cost with the devaluation that's actually helped cost structure now. But as I said earlier, we are assisting our nationals and doing some things to help with the inflation.
John Christmann: We kind of keep a portfolio where some are on long term, some are on short and some are multiyear. And so it's a constant process of rejigging those, and that's kind of underway now and will continue. But it's not going to have a near-term material impact on our current cost structure of this year's capital program. So it will really start to show up in the $24 next year.
John Christmann: I would just say we're waiting to see results, right? I mean we're making good progress. As I've said a number of times, we're kind of focused on potential scope and scale of what that first project would look like as there's an incentive for everybody to size upwardly. But we'll know when we get there.
John Christmann: Well, in general, we -- like I said a few minutes ago, we don't have a lot of competition for services in Egypt. So it really kind of goes with the commodity fuels up, for the most part, chemicals. In the North Sea, we're going to be popping the Ocean Patriot. So if anything, capital spending is dropping there, but nothing major, nothing surprising in the way of the international service side.
John Christmann: They were in the plant from early on them because we plan to drop that rig midyear at the start of the year.
John Christmann: Well, I'll say a few comments and I'll let Steve jump in on the balance sheet. But I'd say, first and foremost, the best flexibility you have is being able to reduce your activity. And you've seen us do that with the lean gas drilling in the U.S. You've seen us do that in the North Sea. So when it's time to stop investing, you need to stop investing. And those are the lessons we've learned. Stay focused on cost and maintain that flexibility to invest in the projects that are going to continue to generate the long-term returns.
John Christmann: Thank you. Before closing the call, I want to leave you with the following thoughts. First, our asset teams are executing well. Safety performance continues to be good, and contributions from our drilling programs are strong. We are managing the portfolio to optimize returns and near-term cash flow and keenly focused on cost control. Second, we continue to make good progress on our appraisal program in Suriname and look forward to sharing more information in the future.  Lastly, we remain committed to returning at least 60% of annual free cash flow to investors through dividends and buybacks and believe our stock is a compelling investment. We plan to participate in a number of investor events over the next 2 months and look forward to seeing you. Thank you.
