G. Steven Farris: Thank you, Patrick, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm sure all of you have seen that in our recent Investor Day, we outlined our extensive oil and liquids drilling inventory in the onshore U.S. We have over 67,000 future drilling locations that have been technically assessed, and we also have 9 billion barrels of oil equivalent net unbooked inventory that is available to drive our growth in the years to come. And this inventory is already beginning to deliver meaningful results in our onshore. During the second quarter, our Permian and Central regions grew net production at annualized base of 23% and 18%, respectively, and this was before the contribution of Cordillera assets that we acquired at the end of April. Obviously, not every quarter's going to be as good, but we're firmly on track to deliver the double-digit growth in these regions for the years to come, as we outlined in our Investor Day. Moreover, if you count the land drilling rigs operating in the United States from the Rockies to East Coast, Apache has 62 rigs running, which is the second most active operator out of all the independents and majors, and that's only behind Chesapeake, which really has a different focus and business model. I might point out that not a single 1 of the 62 rigs is drilling a gas target. We said we were going to step up our U.S. drilling activity to exploit our enlarged portfolio, and we're doing just that. Our total reported production in the second quarter was reduced by a 16 -- which is the difference between a hit and a miss on our production growth. We had offline about 16,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day. This includes 4,800 barrels a day due to unscheduled downtime at our third-party operated SemCAMS plant in Kaybob in Canada. We had 2,000 barrels of oil a day down in the Gulf Coast Onshore due to a third-party pipeline outage in the Lake Paige Field, 3,200 barrels of downtime due to unscheduled facility repairs at Grand Isle 43, which is the complex in the Gulf of Mexico, and 6,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day out of service due to ESP failures at the Forties Field. Most of the 16,000 barrels a day is already back on stream or is expected to be back before the end of the year. I know downtime happens it's part of our business. The important thing is that we have a robust portfolio. So it really doesn't impact us over the longer term with the performance of the company. We remain on track to deliver our production growth guidance in 2012 without any need to significantly increase our capital program for the year. We have a very active exploration program through the rest of the year, and we expect to further accelerate our exploration activities in next year and beyond. I'm sure most of you have read in the Gulf of Mexico, we have expanded our exploration block portfolio by 40%. We were the most active bidder in the Central Gulf of Mexico Lease Sale held in June. We picked up 90 blocks, 61 on the shelf and 29 in the deepwater. We're excited about the prospects we've identified on the blocks that we've won and expect to ramp up our exploration activity in the Gulf of Mexico significantly over the coming quarters. We've already secured one new build semisubmersible deepwater rig, which will be dedicated, it is separate and it should be delivered in the middle of 2013. In Kenya, our offshore Mbawa well prospect is expected to spud in about 10 days. We should have results by our earnings call in November. We're -- this month, we're deploying one rig in the Mississippian Lime where we've built [ph] 580,000 net acres. We're also deploying one rig in the Williston Basin, where we have secured a new exploration position of about 300,000 acres. Both of these we're expected to drill 4 to 6 wells at each one of these 2 exploration plays over the next 6 months. We also plan to spud our first Alaska Cook Inlet well in October. So we're very enthusiastic about Apache's enlarged portfolio, what we're delivering and what's ahead of us. We've already become one of the most active U.S. onshore drillers among our peers in the majors, and we're pursuing an exciting portfolio of global exploration opportunities. We're doing this all while maintaining our rate of return focus and the financial discipline that are defining characteristics of Apache. I'd like to turn the call over to Rod Eichler.
G. Steven Farris: Well, we're running 36 rigs in the Permian Basin right now, and honestly, you're going to see -- I mean, it's not a lack of inventory. So you're going to see that ramp up, and I think right now, I think Alfonso's plan had it at 40 rigs next year. That's probably conservative. In terms of the Anadarko Basin, we're running 26 rigs right now. And frankly, that's higher than we had in our outlook for the Investor Day. So we're -- I think in the Investor Day, we showed that the Permian would grow on an annualized rate over a 5-year period of about 13% and the Central region, if you don't include the Cordillera, our 5-year growth would be about 23%. And we're very comfortable with those 2 numbers.
G. Steven Farris: One of them is in Wolfcamp, and then 2 of them are in Deadwood, and I don't know where the other 2 are off the top of my head.
G. Steven Farris: Yes, with respect to direction, we've got half a year and you've got 2 quarters of production. I think it's pretty easy to calculate what it's going to take to get to 6% to 9%. In terms of -- I'm sorry, I didn't catch your other question.
G. Steven Farris: Well, we don't -- I've got to tell you it's higher. I will tell you, we don't give month-to-month production. I will tell you it is higher than what our average was, and we went -- each month went up. So July is higher than our average for the first -- the 3 months of the second quarter.
G. Steven Farris: Well, I'd say, obviously, and I don't think we're the only company in the industry that is experiencing it. We're seeing some significant reductions in frac cost, and we're also starting to see some softening in rig costs. Year-over-year, frac costs are down 25%. So we're beginning to see some impact of rigs coming out of other -- especially the gas areas and going to the more oily areas.
G. Steven Farris: That will be at the end of September, but that's the ammonia plant going down or the fertilizer plant going down.
G. Steven Farris: Well, certainly, all of those blocks are exploration plays, and the good thing about the deepwater is you get the blocks for 10 years. So we're going to -- we're going to -- we plan on drilling 4 to 5 wells a year, and obviously, they're going to be the best projects that we can find. We do have a backlog of prospects, and we're -- the ones that are the best will come to that. But they're not small.
G. Steven Farris: Well, honestly, it's going to be -- we're not going to have 100% of any well we drill in the Gulf of Mexico deepwater. That's a number one premise. Number two, we're going to balance the risk against the size. So some of them will be lower risk, but they're also going to be lower-sized. But in terms of -- we're going to run that program like we do the rest of the company, and that's going to be on a portfolio basis.
G. Steven Farris: Well, it really has to do with balanced portfolio and risk and reward. Certainly, anything that has liquids with it in the Gulf of Mexico given the rate has a leg up on anything that you drill horizontal, frankly, just because of the profile. But in terms of risk versus reward, the predictability in shales is probably 99.9%. The question is what's the rate? So we try to balance both of those. And if you look at both of those programs, honestly, the Gulf of Mexico was always the highest rate of return projects we can do. I mean, we just got to find good ones to do.
G. Steven Farris: Well, we're going to drag in -- a rig in there, here next week, and we're going to drill our first Mississippian Lime horizontal well. And we've honestly -- if you're watching that play, there are some people that have had very good success up there, and we -- honestly I don't expect anything different than that. We have a good position, and it's a question of how long it will it take us to ramp it up.
G. Steven Farris: We're going to -- I'm sorry. We're going to drill 4 to 6 wells this year. Both there and also in the Bakken.
G. Steven Farris: Historically, we have -- and one of our philosophies down there is to spend our cash flow, and I think in terms of Argentina, that is what they're looking for because they have a number of companies down there, one of which has been in the news forever, and that is they didn't spend anywhere near their cash flow. And I think honestly that's what they're looking for -- who's not spending their Argentine cash flow in Argentina.
G. Steven Farris: Well, I think it was over 400 barrels a day, as I recall Rod's comments. The other one is that's a 30-day average and that's actually that makes tremendous economics, and you've got a lot of mix of wells in there.
G. Steven Farris: Actually, that well is still holding up. We're drilling it -- we're drilling an additional well as we speak. And we're going to drill enough wells, 10-year [ph] wells, in order to hold all our acreage, the vast majority of our acreage.
G. Steven Farris: Well, we have 30% of our production in the Central region is oil, and majority of that is black oil. So we're in pretty good shape there. I mean, you can never say never, but it depends on what happens to oil price there.
G. Steven Farris: Well, number one, I think gas in this country -- most gas wells are going to be challenged and the reason is if you see prices increase, there are so many locations that people can drill gas wells. But what you're going to see is an influx of rigs and people drilling gas wells, and you're going to have -- you're going to run into the same problem. There are some things we could do right now to earn gas price, but we've got a limited amount of capital. And as Tom Chambers pointed out, price differential's about 30 to 1, and it doesn't take rocket scientist to figure out you'll drill an oil well if you got the opportunity. So that as much as what the actual gas price ought to be is really driving what everybody's doing. I mean it's your economics.
G. Steven Farris: Well, I think we've got to be satisfied with what the conclusion we reach on both of those. I would expect us to make some results known by the end of the year.
G. Steven Farris: Well, that is going to have to compete what we've got in the Central region and the Permian region. Certainly with our acreage position, we own a significant interest, 100%, most of the Bakken's stuff, and large interest in the stuff we have with the Mississippian Lime. So it gives us real opportunity to ramp that up if it works. And certainly, the Mississippian Lime is going to work. It's going to have to compete with capital in terms of rates of return with some of the other things we're doing. But Mississippian Lime is -- we're going to drill good wells. It's going to be whether or not -- what the economics are.
G. Steven Farris: No, as Rod pointed out, we haven't -- we have continued to deal with the petroleum ministry, the Minister of Petroleum and since have continued to deal with the Chairman of the EGPC. I think Rod mentioned we have 7 new gas contracts that we've just signed. If anything, frankly, what we're seeing is, is that their need for hydrocarbons is such that it may have gotten a little bit better than has been the status quo just because of the urgency nature of bringing production on.
Rodney J. Eichler: That Forties production is we have 9 ESPs that are principally off the Beryl -- I'm sorry, off the Forties Bravo platform. Those are being restored in sequence that we've fired up the platform drilling rig here on the late part of the second quarter. So we're swapping in the ESP replacements with new well -- new drilled wells. Whichever has the highest rate of return to us gets the favored treatment. So we're probably seeing those ESPs return in production through the rest of this year and perhaps even in the first quarter, intermixed with normal drilling activity on the same platform. I should note that the ESP run life out there is typically about 680 days, and that gives you an idea that about 2 years ago, most of those ESPs replaced in the last cycle, and so they all start falling about the same time.
Rodney J. Eichler: We currently have 6 horizontal wells operating in the Permian, they're scattered at the moment among the leased properties. So we have 2 rigs operating in the Wolfcamp Shale, which is a new area of expansion for us south of Deadwood, and we see that to be a continuing area of increasing drilling focus in the coming year.
Rodney J. Eichler: We're -- on a gross basis, we had 13 days of production downtime at the Salam gas plant. That's 200 million a day downtime for 13 days, and the associated condensate production without that gas. That was probably the biggest impact for our overall volumes in the quarter.
Rodney J. Eichler: No, that's correct. It's still on schedule for shipyard time to do some modifications, and you're correct in your assessment about the uptime. In the transition period, we began actually operating the vessel with the contractors' ownership back in February, and subsequent to our involvement with the day-to-day operation, we experienced 95% uptime for the last 6 months. We're very pleased with the vessel's performance. Yet we still have to do the same kind of modifications that we intended to bring the Coniston and Van Gogh projects together in 2013.
Rodney J. Eichler: We haven't -- other than what we've read in the press, we've interpret the preliminary decree information. We've not had meetings with the government yet. We're currently scheduled to have our first round of meetings with the government per that new decree by the end of September in which case we'll introduce our financial and investment plans for 2013. Now we've, in the past, we have annually produced an investment plan of similar format to the provincial governments. That's been standard procedure. This will be the first time having to do that as a requirement of the federal government. So yes, we don't know exactly what form it's going to take. We don't have the details from them yet on specifically what they want to have us prepare or disclose at the meeting. But that's coming up end of September, and they will have an answer for us within 60 days with regard to the nature of our investment plan and any comments they might have. That's our understanding of where it stands presently.
Rodney J. Eichler: We expect to maintain a 2-rig program pretty much throughout the next 18 to 24 months, drilling combination of exploratory wells, some development or exploitation wells, as well as the key development wells at Julimar-Brunello for the support of the Wheatstone LNG project, as well as the development drilling at our Coniston oil project that is tied to Van Gogh that goes with the Ningaloo Vision FPSO, that we just mentioned in a earlier question.
Rodney J. Eichler: At the Analyst Day, the type curve we showed for Tonkawa, we're expecting a typical well come on for about 300 [ph] barrels of oil per day. We've exceeded that typically by 10%. We're very pleased with the results of our 30-day average IP basis, and we have a significant inventory of Tonkawa location to be drilled right in the heart of play.
Rodney J. Eichler: That's part of our budget, and it is also part of the full cycle development economics for hitting the fields, which are involved.
Rodney J. Eichler: There have been some significant political developments, for them, they announced a new Prime Minister. And he has subsequently appointed new cabinet as of yesterday, and I believe they took their oaths of office today. So we do have a new Petroleum Minister as of today, Osama Kamal, on the petroleum chemical -- petrochemical sector. So there may be some other changes associated with those ministerial changes.
