Brady Parish: Thank you, Rachel. Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us for Apache Corporation’s second quarter 2013 earnings conference call. On today’s call, we will have three speakers making prepared remarks prior to taking questions. I will start by giving a brief summary of the second quarter results, and then we will hear from Steve Farris, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Rod Eichler, President and Chief Operating Officer; and finally, our CFO, Tom Chambers is out today so he has asked me to pinch it for him with respect to his remarks. We've prepared our quarterly financial supplemental data package for your use, which also includes the reconciliation of any non-GAAP numbers that we discuss such as adjusted earnings, cash flow from operations or pre-tax margins. In addition, we have prepared an operations supplement to summarize our activities across the various Apache operating regions. These can both be found on our website at www apachecorp.com/financialinfo. Today's discussions will contain forward-looking estimates and assumptions based on our current views and most reasonable expectations. However, a number of factors could cause actual results to defer materially from what we discuss today. A full disclaimer is located with the supplemental data package on our website. This morning, we reported second quarter 2013 earnings of $1 billion or $2.54 per diluted share. Cash flow from operations before changes in working capital totaled $2.6 billion. Adjusted earnings which exclude certain items that impact the comparability of results totaled $801 million or $2.01 per diluted share. In the second quarter total net production averaged approximately 790,000 boe per day with liquids production constituting 54% of the total. This represents an increase from the 782,000 boe per day reported in the first quarter and the 774,000 boe per day reported in the second quarter of 2013 was negatively impacted by a decrease in North Sea production of 6000 boe per day from the first quarter partially due to deferred production as a result of unplanned facility maintenance at the Forties Field as well as natural fuel decline in some of our other international regions. One final item of note before I turn the call over to Steve. An effort to further provide transparency with respect to our disclosure of oil and gas production we’ve included within our quarterly financial and operation supplements say more detailed breakout of net production for our Egypt region. As you can see on the bottom of pages five through seven of the financial supplement. We have provided three separate line items for Egypt production. Gross production, net production with tax which is gap and net production without tax. For the terms of our production sharing contracts the state owned petroleum company EGPC pays our Egyptian income taxes on our behalf using the share of it's profit oil. As a result for accounting purposes we record income tax with an equal and offsetting increase in our oil and gas revenues. As you can see this accounting treatment is both earnings and cash flow neutral. However it does result in Apache recording additional production volumes what we call tax barrels, because the recording of the tax barrels is both earnings and cash flow neutral we’re disclosing Egypt net production with tax barrels which is GAAP and without tax barrels for completeness. If you were to exclude tax barrels from total reported production, our second quarter 2013 net production would have been 751,000 boe per day versus 727,000 boe per day excluding tax barrels in the second quarter of 2012 which is a 3.3% increase. This compares to the 2% increase based upon our reported net production which includes tax barrels. We have included an illustration of our Apache’s production breakdown on page four of the operational supplement for your review because Egypt tax barrels introduce additional variability in our reported net production. We have included this additional disclosure in an effort to assist you and estimating production on a quarter-to-quarter basis. We will be posting a presentation at a later date that includes a detailed illustrative example of the mechanisms and accounting for a typical EPSC to help further enhance transparency. With that I’ll turn the call over to Steve. 
Brady Parish: Hey, Richard, we do provide a little bit of detail on Main Pass 295, which is one of the wells that Steve is alluding to within our ops report. 
Brady Parish: Okay, excellent. Well, thank you very much for participating in the call, and again, if you have any additional questions, don’t be shy reach out to us, and we’ll be happy to help. Thank you. 
Steve Farris: Well, I – thank you for the question. I think we said during our first quarter earnings call, we had a robust list of assets that we were in the process of marketing, which we still do. We have multiple processes going on at the same time. The end results of this and I have said it before, but the end results of this is we want assets that can grow or we want assets that can generate cash to fund that growth. And if you think about where that portfolio would lead you, it would lead you more towards North American onshore. The other thing we have said and I made a comment about being in Egypt and it was business as usual, I drove around Cairo for three days and it was very quiet and business as usual but we also recognize that we need to find a way to validate the value of Egypt for our shareholders and we continue to work on that also. 
Steve Farris: The North Sea does go through, we had some unplanned downtime in the second quarter, we had some planned downtime in the third quarter. We have a turnaround schedule, our production will be down a little bit from the second quarter and then our expectation for the fourth quarter is to be considerably stronger than the rest of the quarters of the year. 
Steve Farris: And that’s a very good question and it really, when we come out of the other side of this when depending on how much we get done this year we still have the a large portfolio or a pretty robust portfolio things we would like to divest up. When we get through with that what we will see is by it's nature that our North American onshore will become a bigger part of our portfolio so we would expect our future growth to be stronger than our 3% to 5%. 
Steve Farris: I’m going to let Rod talk about the detail. So one thing I would say and for the most part we had a presentation back in June of 2012 where we did some tight curve. For the most part we have exceeded those tight curves in the Wolfcamp, in the Deadwood area and the Cline et cetera. But as Rod pointed out we have six rigs running, we continue to be very active there. 
Steve Farris: I think to answer your question in broad terms you will probably see our resource potential in the Wolfcamp from what we put on June of 2012 we’re going to have an analyst day later this year probably in the fourth quarter but I think you will see those resource potentials in the Wolfcamp go up from where it was. 
Steve Farris: Well at the present time we’re running at a pace would outpace that a little bit but we intend to gauge our capital program with our sales proceeds and also our cash flow. We are also ahead a little bit on our cash flow. 
Steve Farris: That’s a pretty strong number. I would say this Canada has to be a part of our portfolio going forward. We are in the Permian. We are in the Anadarko Basin. We are re-looking and doing a resource assessment in our Canadian region. We should start seeing some results of that in the next couple of weeks internally, and we’ll make that presentation in the fourth quarter or at the Analyst day, but what we would like to have is three areas in North America that is predominantly unconventional. I doubt if we ever get to the 70% range, but it certainly will be a bigger part of our portfolio. 
Steve Farris: Obviously, Rod, yes, the initial 24-hour test would be, I don’t want to say significant, it would be certainly quite a bit larger than what our 30-day IPs are. 
Steve Farris: Wheatstone continues to move forward. We are finally getting in a range, where the end of 2016 isn’t that far off. So, one thing I would say is is that based on our models and our partner’s models, when that comes on, it will pay out in 4.5 years of all our costs and it will generate about over $1 billion a year net to Apache. So, as we get closer to that time it becomes more and more interesting. The Kitimat project frankly is we are going through a supplemental FEED with Chevron. Chevron has now taken over the operations of the downstream. We are operating the upstream. We had a meeting with our Chevron counterparts last week and went through a number of things. The predominant one was marketing, and although I can’t talk specifically about it, they are high and behind the marketing side. Obviously, marketing is going to drive this program. 
Steve Farris: Yeah we have about 130,000 acres there and I think they are actually going to drill a horizontal well in there fourth quarter this year. Number of operators on either side that are experimenting with horizontal wells. 
Steve Farris: I think the most interesting thing about a number of other operators and ourselves is that the future of the Permian is still an emphasize, because it is a tremendous amount of oil in place there and you see quarterly and including ourselves trying new ideas and going horizontal in new plays and you really have a real tremendous potential continuous to be in the Permian basin that is untouched. People haven't even thought about it yet. 
Steve Farris: All that Rod talk about the what our running room is in terms of our operational position and then on my comment on our view of what’s happening in there from a political standpoint. 
Steve Farris: And I'm going to prep with this with the comments that, we've recognized the uncertainty and how our shareholders view Egypt and we're working on how to validate that. Having said that I will say this and I have said it many, many times. Egyptians are Egyptian first and Arab second and I think if you see what's going on currently you get a pretty good picture of that. I mean they want stability in terms of our position in Egypt we met with the Minister of Petroleum, we met with the Minister of Investment, we also met with the Minister of Industry and Trade and met with a number of business people over there that I have met over a period of years with the US-Egyptian Business Council. The importance to Egypt of Apache or the importance of Apache being in Egypt it is very big. We are the most active driller. We drill more wells than everybody else combined in the Western Desert. And I say this and it’s a factual statement and I understand the uncertainty, but from the way we see it, would it be very difficult for Egypt to change our tax regime or change our position, because we are their oil growth in Egypt going forward. 
Steve Farris: Yeah, truthfully, I think we are getting good value for our Permian assets. I think it needs the Permian and the Anadarko and some of the other things we are doing needs to be a bigger part of that portfolio, and that’s what we set out to do. And honestly, we are (indiscernible) serious of doing that. 
Steve Farris: Well, there – obviously I have said those words a number of times and I have answered that question a number of times. There is a number of ways I think to validate the value of Egypt. Obviously, one of which is monetization, one of which is, if you look at the gamut, you could spin it out, you could list part of it, you could sell part of it, you could sell all of it. The most important thing about Egypt is it generates a tremendous amount of cash flow. And we just need to figure out a way to validate that value without giving up that value. 
Steve Farris: Well, we are getting in an awful lot of detail, but one thing I would say is that in fact I went to Europe with Brady the first part of June. The rest of the world has a different view of the events in Egypt than folks in the United States. Europeans and other parts of the world have a different view of Egypt. They see truthfully a little less risk there than U.S. investors, but not saying the right or wrong or the U.S. investor is right or wrong, that’s just – that’s a perception. 
Steve Farris: Well, we have said we have a robust list of assets that we might think are more valuable in somebody else’s hands than our own. And we also want to get more predictable and consistent growth. We also have a number of large capital items weed stone being one and kitimat being another. I mean obviously we need to look at that and see how it fits in our portfolio. 
Steve Farris: Well it depends on which one you bid. Certainly the Central region, right now we're 10 rigs behind the Permian and we could continue to ramp up there. We can continue to ramp up in the Permian Basin. It's a little and I use the analogy it's like when you have to add a new foreman an appeal I mean you get 16 pumpers in a field and then you got to add a new foreman. So I am not sure where that line is in terms of what it takes from an organizational standpoint to make a step change to add another foreman if you understand my analog. 
Steve Farris: No different assets in a different way. So, there may be some that we have partners and there may be some that we have a complete access. 
Steve Farris: I think it's important to note that the more assets that we sell whatever in terms of that are cash flow generating assets. It requires us to pay down more debt in order to keep our A rated and we intend to keep our A rated. So you may see more debt, but you'll have more proceeds. And then that will either depending on our, as we look in the future, it will either buyback additional shares or reinvest it in the business. 
Steve Farris: Yeah. The Cook Inlet in Alaska. In fact we’re getting ready to do some work 3D seismic. Frankly, we were disappointed in the well results that we have there. We drilled the well and actually got too close to a fault (ph) so we really didn't evaluate that well. I am personally still very positive about the Cook Inlet. Obviously we're directing cash to different things right now. So, we've slowed down that activity but in terms of its prospectivity, I still think it has good value. What was the other question? I am sorry. We have drilled or participated in four or five Bakken mode of (ph) wells. We drilled a couple of horizontal wells ourselves that were very short laterals. That area is politically challenged right now. What we have decided to do is spend our cash flow that we generate there. And so, we are pretty slow in actually continuing to evaluate the (indiscernible). 
Steve Farris: Yes, I think it’s – and Brady went through that the makeup of our production there. And it’s very important to start being able to articulate that because under GAAP what we have to do is report tax barrels, but tax barrels is just a gross up of the revenue line and a gross up of the expense line on the tax side. In order to really look at our growth, because what we do in our plan for the year is we just use last year’s percentages and try to roll them into this year’s plan, because you don’t have any other data to go by. And it plays havoc with really talking about what our percentage growth is, which is why we have worked hard over the last couple of quarters. And that leads into my next point. If you look at our gross operated production, which is where you start in Egypt, our gross operated operation is basically flat for the year. If you look at our net because of the differences in the tax barrels, our production has been down which is why we are trying to make sure we articulate what is happening in Egypt. Right now, we are spending enough money to grow slightly our gross operated production. And it truly is a function of how much capital you want to spend, because with the opportunity set is still very robust. And what we have done right now is we are spending capital enough that we think we can grow gross operated production slightly for the year. 
Steve Farris: Well, probably the Cline shale right now, because we are still – if you are talking about horizontal wells, vertical Clines are very economic. Horizontal wells are 20% – honestly, 20% rates of return. If you look at the things we are doing in the Anadarko Basin especially with any kind of oil at all, the rate of returns are in the 30%, because we are ahead of the game in terms of reducing our cost against our benchmarks in the Anadarko Basin than we are in the Permian Basin. We are still on the learning curve in the Permian Basin, Brian, but the Wolfcamp shale is its 30% rates of return. 
Steve Farris: And In fact I said on the European Roadshow, I mean throw us in that broader patch, I mean I can't name another company that can get cost down and production up like this outfit can and this is perfectly example of doing that. If you look at our Tonkawa wells we were, last year we were making about an 18% rate of return and we were $1.5 million more. This year you take out a $1.5 out of that cost side it's over 40% rates of return in Tonkawa. So, it's purely a margin game and I think we can play that game very well. 
Steve Farris: Well I think we have two things going on in Canada. One is we have got our transition into more of an unconventional play up there. And then we got to look at our legacy assets and decide what to do with them. And we're in the process of doing that frankly. We would like that region to come out is in a position to be able for 2014, being in a able position to be able to grow and adding a meaningful growth area for us in North America onshore. 
Steve Farris: Actually, we have two wells that we are drilling as we speak, and it will be a continuing part of our portfolio. If you think about it in terms of reserve size to cost, we also have an agreement that we have a facility right on the current HBP acreage that we sold to Fieldwood, so that we can take them through those platforms. The two prospects that we are drilling right now, I think the un-risk predicted or expected reserves on one is 104 million barrels and the other one is 136 million barrels. And we are not down on either one of them, but that’s – so when you think about what the infrastructure costs that you are foregoing and the reserve size that you are looking at, you have a real potential across that shelf to make that subsalt play. 
Steve Farris: It is. We have a wide seismic shoot going on and that we won’t have the results to the latter part of this year, actually the end of this year the actual process data, but we are continuing to shoot. 
Rod Eichler: We have 45 rigs currently operating as a Permian we have about 20 of those rigs were operating in the southern half of the Midland basin. Big concentration in Deadwood and Barnhart where we have a strong acreage concentration which I talked about but we have a lot of other blocks of acreage in Midland County area and I have some other operations I mentioned some results just in the last day or two, we have acreage in the cities, in fact we have two wells are currently drilling and testing offsetting some of those results that were just recently announced and we have great expectations, we continue to the success on the Wolfcamp. We’re targeting two different landing zones in the middle Wolfcamp across the area. 
Rod Eichler: I believe that we use 30 day IPs across the board unless we say otherwise. That goes in the Central region as well as the Permian. 
Rod Eichler: Of course, it’s a new property for us having just started this discovery about two years ago. We have about 35 rigs operating in that region by year end. Well, probably one or two rigs continue to operate in the Bivins Ranch area. It’s a vertical program. We drill the wells relatively quickly. We anticipate drilling into a water flood opportunity that exists in that (inaudible) field in the very near future. But we’re very pleased with the results we have seen to-date. 
Rod Eichler: In the three bar unit area we have probably about two dozen locations that we’re currently exploring. It's been a very robust program to-date and we’re just now been able to step out in other blocks of acreage we have in the same county to see if that same kind of high potential exists on those other acreages we have. 
Rod Eichler: Yeah Dough we’re clearly running 26, 27 rigs in Western Desert. We anticipate drilling a similar program in 2013 probably about 2075 wells as we had 2012 so the program level of activity is continued to pace for the previous years, pre-revolution. Our gas production as an example is it's record levels. In fact we have some facility constraints our gross operating production is running about 920 million cubic feet of gas per day and in the second quarter we managed to finally put on the 24 inch pipeline from Abu Gharadig to Dashur which we have been working to restore to it's original operating parameters when it was held by BP and we now have half that line, half of the capacity being put into service. So we anticipate to continue the same kind of program with a good prospect inventory and the every year we show this at Analyst Day presentation as the inventory both drilling and then completion opportunities as well as work over opportunities it seems to be no change in the actual amount of the inventory grown going from year-to-year even though we continue to grow 300 wells and do well over 1,000 work overs and rig completion opportunities every year. 
Rod Eichler: Our Wolfcamp development is also 18 months further developed in the Cline. And just in terms of share numbers and the things that we are doing out there, we are still learning a lot in the Cline. Our results are very good, but we are not as mature there as we are of our knowledge or the understanding of Wolfcamp shale in the same area. 
Rod Eichler: Well I think in the Gulf of Mexico flat it's probably not a good assumption frankly. If you look at on a pro forma basis, where you would to take the Gulf of Mexico shelf operations out of the forecast for '13 and then do the same thing for '12. We projected that we would have a double-digit decline in the Gulf of Mexico shelf so therefore the 3% to 5% would obviously have been a higher number if you did on a pro forma basis. I think that's probably the right way to think about it. 
Rod Eichler: Yeah I think when you look at the third quarter we’re not going to give specific guidance, but if you look at the onshore North American plays that we’re doing, I would suspect that the third quarter growth would be fairly consistent with what we experienced in the second quarter with the goal obviously the guidance we've reiterated at 25% greater than 25% North American onshore liquids growth. When you look at the offshore Gulf of Mexico including the deep water and you also look at Australia, we had guided earlier in the year that they would be down roughly double-digits. So, I think that's the right way still to think about them, even though the shelf hopefully will close by September 30th we won’t have them in the fourth quarter. And then I think with the North Sea, Steve had already mentioned that we expected to be down in the third quarter a little bit because of the turnaround. You are going to have offsets because of wells coming on production, some of which we announced recently including the Bacchus well today. But you know that turnaround at the 40 field turnaround, on average for the quarter we expect it to be down 10,000 to 12,000 boe per day even though it will happen in the month of August; the average would be about 10,000 to 12,000 boe per day down. As a result of the turnaround but that's what we've already got built into our plan. 
