John Christmann: We don’t see any modest any this point, Doug. We’re in the middle of the planning process, kind of pace, we’ve been on what is leave at the modest.
John Christmann: Well, the first thing I’ll say Doug is, the team was very impressed with the work that we did from the data that’s out there. So, we thought you do a fantastic job on your report. We said that we have seven different play types on Block 58. The Maka-1 Central well is going to be targeting two of those play types. They’re in the Cretaceous. And I will just suggest that we obviously feel like the, we would be in an oil window or we wouldn't be placing a well there.
John Christmann: Actually, we picked this block up in 2015. Steve had been on board with us, but he was not working the conventional exploration stuff at that time. So, this is something that actually we did on my watch early in 2015, before any other results were down in Guyana or our wells. So, Steve did not have anything to do with us getting into Suriname or taking this block. Secondly, I want to thanks Steve for his time here. He made great contributions to the organization and is truly a world-class explore. As we disclosed on the call today, I have been thinking about a long-term vision for the Company and working on some significant organizational changes. Steve's remaining tenure was shorter than the time I was planning for. So that require he and I to have a conversation around succession. I propose an appropriate transition in very simply he just elected to resign, but it had nothing to do with Suriname.
John Christmann: Yes. I would say, John, first and foremost, we spent more money at Alpine High and that capital is going to come down, so that in itself will change those the parentages of pie. The exploration spend in Suriname could be a little larger as well, so that also would tilt the international. But -- and then, we stated that the Permian capital is going to come down, but in general the oil drillings is going to go up, so...
John Christmann: Yes. I mean the spread shouldn’t be changed in much. I mean we’ve got Nobel Sam Croft. Rates were negotiated and there is actually another extension we could take and have just preserved that option for the future. So, it's going be pretty similar. A lot of that will just depend on what we do and how long we’re on the wells and how much testing and all those things will drive that cost.
John Christmann: Well, Brian, we feel good about the portfolio with or without Suriname. So I think we got a very diverse portfolio, we’ve got great optionality, we’ve got lots of onshore unconventional inventory that is all weighted as well as some optionality on the rich gas side. We got good inventory both on our international areas and then obviously Suriname offers a new playground for us. So, we feel good about the inventory and feel good about the direction of the Company, I think that’s one thing. If you look back over the last four years from where we sit today, from where we were, we have a lot of more inventory than we have on all fronts. So, as far as financing or success case at Suriname, we still have a 100% equity in that block, and we made a very clear that our intent would be to likely bring in a partner, and we feel like it that would play a role and how that would be funded. So, I am not in a position to give you a lot more color than that, but I don’t see us having to stop some of the other things that would be doing or significantly stressing our balance sheet. Steve, do you want to add anything.
John Christmann: At this point, we do not have anything that we prepared to update on the onshore exploratory side. I will say in general, cost are, it's kind of mix bag, some things are coming down and some of the services there has been some slowdowns. Some of it remains tight, so we’re managing that, so it's really a function of the individual services. I think what you’re seeing now is having been in kind of a development mode with those pads. A lot of the synergies and things were drive out or in the cost to really more function just the efficiencies that come with the larger scale, pad development where you have all the infrastructure in place. I’ll put it over to Dave to comment on the Cline.
John Christmann: I would just say at this point that would you know most of our targets, the two plays will be testing here are in the Cretaceous.
John Christmann: At this point where you've gone through a full evaluation of all of the play types, so, Bob that’s where we are I mean this is two in the Cretaceous in a very nice sticks section.
John Christmann: Charles, we actually permitted nine different wells. So, there is multiple, multiple target. I’ll just say since it is the first well in this area that we’ll be gathering data and there are some decision through things we’ll do based on the data we collect. So, we’ve got a pretty good idea where we want to go, but information and confirmation is certain things will drive the exact thoughts and process.
John Christmann: Gail, we’ve got results from the new 3D that we're starting to see from our prospect inventory should improve is what we’re excited about. So, we don’t really look at rig count to keep things flat because we’re just working on what’s project are going to be best in terms of the allocation. But as we’ve said, with the new inventory and the things we’re seeing, I think there is a potential to actually return Egypt on the oil side to grow and so, we’re tired about that.
John Christmann: Well, we’ve got a lot of infrastructure from Qasr. And so, there is the nice thing about some things is they can be tied in. Most of our drilling will be focused on oil, but we do have a lot of gas infrastructure and capacity. So, it’s not a big deal, and if we find it and it still very economic for us is as we get about 265 NIM for that.
John Christmann: I’d say we’re drilling ahead that we are now in the shallower targets. And Mike, the only thing I’ll say at this time point is, is that, we have not seen anything that would be unexpected.
John Christmann: Yes. I think we see an opportunity to reduce kind of take a $150 million out of the system. I think it's going to unable to deliver more proactive planning and improve capital allocation, which is something we strived to continually do. I think it's going to enable us to advance our resource progression from access to exploration to the development and operations is going to allow us to right size both the corporate and regional offices to more efficiently support the new organization. We’re going to minimize duplication, eliminate some redundancies and it also is going to help us really enable the collaboration on the value adding technology adoption.
John Christmann: Yes. I think we’ve got our inventory so lined out, but it doesn’t impact the next couple of pads. But what it does is, we’re constantly dipping down and testing things that we can add in the future. And so, we can’t jump around next pad and move here. I mean we’ve really got this machine lined out and we’re in an execution mode. But we factor that in, we’re testing things that we think and add material inventory and then we will start planning that into our future pads is the way I think about that and is kind of where we approach things.
John Christmann: Yes, I mean that’s one of the big things where you've kind of challenged the team to do that is work through a plan that helped to determine what acreage we want to maintain for optionality purposes. So, that’s the process we’re working through, and we will be very deliberate and work through what it is, we think we have to maintain for optionality in the future.
John Christmann: Well, we’ll come back in February with the, when we have better view exactly what the plans is going to look like. But I do know we deferred some completions in early 2020 and we got some docs. So, it’s not going to drop massively, but we’ll come back with the shape for the curve next year that’s comments through with the activity level that we’ll go forward with.
John Christmann: Yes. Thank you, just step back late 2018, we went in the more what I called the development stage and as Dave mentioned in prepared remarks we initiated pad drilling on four multi-well pads. Concurrently this spring we had a natural gas and NGL price is really materially lower and that happen as we started to bring on some of the infrastructure. So we’ve got the pads to evaluate and we’ll just come back with that view as well.
John Christmann: I mean what I would say, I hate that, you just look at the one quarter, right, because things move around. But I would say in general, our CapEx is going to come down as we set. You’re going to see last rich gas drilling at Alpine High and you’re liable to see pretty flat pace in the North Sea compared to where we are, and we actually have some exploration wells. So that number might come down a little bit. Egypt should be flat to slightly and our oil projects in the U.S. are going to be a little higher as well. So, we’ll give you more color in February when we come out with our final 2020 plans.
John Christmann: Once, again, we’ll hold off on the 20s specifics until we come out with the plan, but we’re very excited about the program. They’ve done a tremendous job this year at Garten 2, absolutely exceeded our expectations. We’ve got an entire fault block there that looks just fantastic that we had upside at the Storr well. So, we’ve got some big things coming on and it sets up as Dave said in his prepared remarks, set ups some additional drilling at Garten in the future. So, the shape of the curve going into 2020 is going to have a lot of momentum for the North Sea.
John Christmann: Ryan, I’ll ask you it's not too bigger than inconvenient so just hop on the Altus call this afternoon at 1 o'clock, and we'll let Clay and team there handle all of those questions directly.
John Christmann: No, I mean, that's we got very large position, right; and we’ve got a very large base, I think the technology that we’re applying the new acreage we picked up with the new 3D puts us in a position for pretty interesting looking inventory. And I think it's going to be more driven off the inventory and the opportunity set than anything.
John Christmann: Yes, Jeanine, I thank if you look at Egypt, I don’t think we’ve been under investing. So, that’s the first thing I’d say, I think we’ve been investing in appropriate pace. We had a very large discovery in Qasr, many, many years ago, which is pretty unique. And so, if you take that out and look at the portfolio, we’ve been on a really good pace. You look at the Ptah and Berenice discoveries, we had in late 2014 early 2015; things have been going quite strong. So, we’ve got a big footprint. We’ve been there a long time. We spread out over a very, very large area. And my point on the other tie ends is, we just have a lot of capacity there for more gas yields. And so, I think things are going quite well and we do see the potential to improve our productivity with the new inventory.
John Christmann: Well, I mean it’s first of all in the block, right. So -- and it’s a well that we like, some of the prospect there its ability to test two of them and that’s why we chose it.
John Christmann: With the exploration and your first well in, it’s a process right. So, there is -- since it has the word exploration by, there's always risks that you're assessing and you learn from. And so, but this was the order of the first well we thought we should drill, and from there, we got numerous options to go. So, but there is -- as we said all along, there are seven different play types. There are many, many significant very good looking prospects, so we just had to get started somewhere.
John Christmann: Michael, we’ll come back on that. I mean once again, we've got four pads that we’re evaluating, and it really is going to boil down to now that we have the infrastructure in place. It's more about the incremental economics relative to our other portfolio opportunities.
John Christmann: So, thank you. In closing, Apache is taking significant steps to lower our cost structure and to further optimize our capital allocation. Our goal is to improve free cash flow yield inclusive of the dividend, increase returns, and continue our pace of modest oil growth. We have some very attractive exploration opportunities throughout the portfolio that make Apache a differential investment opportunity. Thank you and happy Halloween.
Dave Pursell: Yes. So, thanks John. The Cline well just a little more color than in the prepared remarks. It's one well that it’s been online for 120 days. We’re happy with its performance. We look at our portfolio when we think we have opportunities under a couple of field at least. And so, you’ll be hearing more about that as we kind of get to the end of 2020.
Dave Pursell: Yes, Charles, good question. We’ve had some opportunities in the past to soak wells, really do the facility constrain so what we found in some cases and well performance improve of soak. When we frac the 14 well Blackfoot pad remember that was, the wells were all completed sequentially. So, we put a lot of produced water into a relatively compact part of the reservoir. And we thought, well, let's taken the advantage of well commodity prices, initiate a 60-day soak. Really trying to understand is that relative permeability issue? Or what are the mechanisms for the underperformance? We’ve had the pad back online for about 30 days. The gas rate came back above. The pretty soak rate and it's actually holding in pretty flat, which say or was some impact in the condensate rate came up, higher than the pre-soak rate. So, what we’re doing Charles, we’re evaluating that, we have a team of folks doing some detail work on the Blackfoot and all of the multi-well pads that we've drilled and completed today.
Dave Pursell: Remember those -- just for some color, those fields have been producing for a wild now and it held much better than anticipated. So, we’re expecting declines at some point and we saw here in the third quarter.
Dave Pursell: Yes. This is Dave Pursell. So, we’ll -- there’ll be more color at the end of the year in the K and there maybe some commentary in the Q, but what you see any price revision was primarily on gas and NGLs in the Permian Basin. There were very modest or performance vision, so the price revision were due to low basin gas and NGL prices and primarily focusing on Permian Basin.
Dave Pursell: Yes. I think, if you -- yes, it’s a good question. If you look at the trailing four quarter pricing, we’re still benefiting somewhat a high fourth quarter 2018 price. So, as we roll forward and if you look at the future prices for the fourth quarter of 2019, we lose the benefit of the one high quarter that’s in the averaging right now. So, if the forward prices hold we would envision there would be some additional price revision in the fourth quarter. Say again still so hard to quantify those to get the actual in, but that’s kind of where we see it now.
