John J. Christmann: Yeah, Pearce, clearly they would like us to invest more money, but like everything else, we decide where we put the investments in place, so it has not had an impact. We are going to generate cash flow in both Egypt and the North Sea, and they understand that. And it obviously will flow with our budget as we're flexible.
John J. Christmann: Yeah, I think it is something – it fits with our international portfolio. Actually, we've got a lot of questions about that position, Pearce. We felt like it was important to go ahead and get a map out there. We drilled the well this year, our Popokai well, and we actually had picked up the other block prior to either Exxon drilling there Liza well or our well going down. So, we've got those two blocks there, not a huge capital commitment. We're going to be shooting seismic over block 58 this year, and we'll go from there.
John J. Christmann: Brian, with the way we've done our staffing, we strategically designed this organization for a $50 plus world. So, we do not envision needing to add a lot of staff to be able to flex back up. Clearly, I think if you get into a significantly lower time period where you've got lower prices, 24 months, 36 months out at that point you'd probably reduce further. But, we've maintained the flexibility so we can ramp up our capital programs when appropriate.
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean, it obviously includes Suriname. We did a good job of highlighting our North Sea exploration program last November, so we've got some exploration wells to drill in the North Sea. We brought on two discoveries late-2014 in Egypt in Ptah and Berenice, so we have active exploration programs both North Sea, both Egypt, Suriname and then obviously in North America. We have acknowledged that we acquired some acreage last year at some low prices that we think can be prospective. And while we've shut down for the most part our development drilling in North America, we will be doing some strategic testing in and around our existing asset base, and on some acreage that we've picked up.
John J. Christmann: Clearly, at this point, we took actions and we're very aggressive last year. So you look back to 2015 and 2016, we've had a track record of reducing activity and really trying to gear our business and mirror our activities to the price environment we're in. We've done that, we worked hard last year to improve our financial position, which we demonstrated we did. If you look back over second quarter, third quarter of last year we had an outspend of approximately 14% which was significantly lower than most of our peer group. So it put us in a position where we have been working to gear our spending levels to a lower price environment. So, clearly, we worked on that, and we do have cash on hand this year. Obviously, we're making a conscious decision again in 2016 to live within the current price environment and within cash flow here such that we end the year with flat net debt. So it puts us in a position where we would anticipate not having to do some of those things at this point. And obviously protecting our investment grade rating is important to us, and it's something that we take seriously.
John J. Christmann: Clearly, it'd be internal programs that we'd be doing on our own. So, I mean, we participate in some wells in some areas and we learn from what we can and we've got partners in some places, but clearly, the work we are doing is all internally generated, and for the most part, it's done on our behalf for 100%.
John J. Christmann: I mean, John, we always are aware of what's out there and look at things carefully. The thing I would say, we find ourselves today in a very enviable position and we're opportunity-rich. With where we've scaled our capital back, there are a lot of excellent opportunities that we are choosing not to fund and that we think we would pursue at a higher price environment. So, as we think about things, they would have to be something that would be incrementally additive to our current inventory and portfolio. And so, I mean, it'd be a pretty high bar to be able to – something that we would want to bring into the door.
John J. Christmann: No, Michael, there really isn't. The nice thing about what you're seeing on the international portfolio is a lot of these PSCs and so forth were designed for lower price environments. And quite frankly, the way they work, the government takes a greater percentage in higher prices. And so, as we look at the international portfolio and we look at North America, there's greater leverage in North America to higher prices, and there's less leverage on the international side. So it makes sense to allocate more capital into those projects right now because the returns are superior. And there's no requirements or commitments on the spend level that would cause us to have to spend more or anything along those lines.
John J. Christmann: Yeah, I would say you'd probably end up a little bit steeper on the backside, but it's all going to hinge on how flexible we are with the capital and prices.
John J. Christmann: Well, I think the important thing is if you look at 2016, we're guiding to relatively flat international. We said earlier on the call in the prepared notes that an additional $900 million incremental capital in North America would keep North America flat to slightly growing, which translates to about a $45 world. So 2016, we could live within cash flow and be flat to relatively slight growth. So, as we look ahead into 2017, there's a couple of things going on first and foremost. We're in the second year now of a significantly reduced CapEx budget. We reduced aggressively last year, again this year. So we've got fewer wells that were brought on than historical. So our rates will be flattening slightly as we go into 2017. Secondly, it will not take as much capital in 2017 to keep it flat, especially with North America. We're already investing at levels right now on the international side. Additionally, we've got some catalysts that will be coming on in 2017. If you look at the North Sea, our Callater well, potentially more than one well there that could be coming on. So, we've got some catalysts. And quite frankly, with the capital efficiency we're seeing, the other thing I'll say is, as we look at the 2016 budget, we've already seen well costs coming in significantly under what we planned this year. So the capital efficiency is the other big thing. So, I think as we get out into 2017, it's going to take a lower oil price for us to be able to stay flat and potentially grow.
John J. Christmann: We've got four long-term contracts, so we will ramp down to those four rigs. There'll be a couple of them working in the Delaware, two to three. And there will be at least one up in the Midland Basin, Central Basin Platform as we continue to test all of our plays.
John J. Christmann: I think the key is we want to get to fully burdened corporate returns that are in the low-double digits. And I think that's where we need to be striving and that's where we plan to get to.
John J. Christmann: The nice thing is we've got 3.3 million gross acres, so we've got lots of acreage. We have done a lot of small trades and we are doing a lot of things. We are trying to block some things up and have had some success. So they're not things that hit the press in terms of radar screen, but we're continually looking to block and swap. We're interbedded with a lot of the operators and there's lots of things we're doing to try to core up those positions and put together drilling units where you've got more control.
John J. Christmann: If you look at last year, we consumed about 70 horizontal drilled but uncompleted wells and about 50 vertical. As I was pretty vocal early last year the wells we drill we intended to complete, and we drew down a lot of our DUCs. I would envision us doing the same thing this year. You could see that number come down a little bit, but it's at a level now where we don't have a lot that we haven't already completed. And the thing I'll add, too, is we have the luxury of not having a lot of rig contracts and a lot of leases that require drilling of wells right now. So we're not in a position where we're having to build DUCs because we don't think that's a prudent use of capital.
John J. Christmann: Doug, we did not give any guidance around that specific. I would say probably the best thing to do is take – we gave first quarter guidance, we gave the average ranges for the year and I would just probably extrapolate from that. I will say going into 2017, we expect to see capital efficiencies and things come into play where we have a much better picture for 2017 than we do currently for 2016 at these capital levels.
John J. Christmann: Well, what I'll say is when we originally took the block several years ago, the first block, 53, we viewed it as being in a very potential prospective area. I think what you now see is you've got a proven oil hydrocarbon province. We've got two blocks that are centrally located. There is a system there. We did drill one well last year. Prior to drilling that well, we did bring in partners and were promoted on the one well in Block 53. We picked up Block 58 on our own just as protection. It was not a huge commitment. And I think we now have the luxury to see what we do with it. It is a bid option. We own it 100%. And clearly it's an area that's very prospective and is getting a lot of attention.
John J. Christmann: I think first and foremost in terms of maintenance, there are just certain things you have to do on your existing fields. So basically, Bob, we're not drilling development wells in the Permian which would be to generate further growth. So that's going to be the difference. The other thing is going to be just your bread-and-butter maintenance things that you do with your base. And that's repairing subs, doing those types of things. In terms of strategic capital, we would put that as things that potentially sets up new drilling programs, test new zones, test new concepts, helps us better define what are going to be the inventory of growth opportunities in the future.
John J. Christmann: If it had running room and could open up something significant, then yes. If it's something small on the Central Basin Platform or some areas where we've got just a few locations identified, then it wouldn't be in that category.
John J. Christmann: At this point, we see the North Sea being able to hang in there pretty strongly with the capital levels we're at. We have not looked at what price decks we'd use, and a lot of that will hinge on how many platform rigs we have, do we add those back in, in 2017 and 2018. We mentioned they would not be there the back half of this year, so a lot of that's going to hinge on capital as we lay out those future years. But we've got good running room now and a lot of nice things coming on.
John J. Christmann: I don't have that number off the top my head. You're going to have more cash flow coming out of the International in terms of on a per barrel basis just because our cash margins are higher. But I'll let – we can follow-up with exactly that split. I'll have Gary follow up with a better idea on the ratio.
John J. Christmann: Jeff, at some point, obviously, if we were going to commit a lot of capital, we would start to look at using hedging. I think you're in a period today where we don't have a cost structure that's not synchronized with price environment. But it is something in the future. If we were to put a lot of capital back to work that we would consider as a tool to offset or mitigate some of the risk to ensure that we can deliver the return objectives that we're focused on.
John J. Christmann: In terms of our Permian well cost, we see things coming down and even further this year. As a rule, we're looking at mile-and-a-half laterals. We have seen the intensity of the frac concentrations going up. So those are the types of parameters we're going to use or using in those estimates.
Stephen J. Riney: Yeah. Thanks, Evan. So, this is Steve. We're not going to really deal with the types of hypotheticals of what would happen if this happen, what would you do if the credit rating went down multiple notches. We're doing everything that we can to prudently run the company financially as John outlined. We've taken a number of steps to protect the financial position of the company. And we think we're actually in pretty good shape. We've done a lot of stuff in 2015 in the last year to strengthen the financial position, build liquidity, make sure that we don't have a lot of refinance risk. And so, S&P has already come out with their rating, BBB, a downgrade to BBB and stable. Fitch continues to have us at BBB+, and we're waiting on Moody's. And I think we've done the things that we need to do and we'll continue to do the things that we need to do to remain investment grade. And we've got $1.5 billion of cash on the balance sheet. And if we need to use some of that, as I said in my script, to pay down a little bit of debt in order to protect that, then we would certainly be willing to do that. So, we obviously think about what we would do and what we would be required to do because we need to be prepared and prudent about that. We don't spend a lot of time worried about that. We worry about protecting the investment grade rating.
Stephen J. Riney: Yeah, this is Steve again. So you make very good points. We cut early, we took a lot of actions in 2015 that a lot of our peers didn't. And I think for that reason, we feel like we're very well positioned not to have to cut the dividend now. We've done all the things to strengthen the financial position, the liquidity position, our refinance risk on the debt portfolio. We've chosen to live 2015 and 2016 as close to cash flow neutral as possible. We've done that because we believe that, especially in North America, the opportunities for investment are going to be better in the future than they are now. There are some good ones now, but we believe they're going to be even better. So we've chosen to be cash flow neutral. So we've added $1.5 billion of cash on the balance sheet, chosen to be cash flow neutral, we don't really need to reduce the dividend at this point in time. And we do discuss that with the board. We discuss it with them every quarter and I imagine we'll continue to discuss that with them every quarter. But we just don't think we need to be doing that now. We'll probably reconsider it at some point in time in the future when prices and costs are better aligned and we all kind of figure out whatever the new normal, if we ever get to normal, in our industry will be in the future, then we can look at what our dividend yield is and whether that's appropriate for the situation that we're in at that point in time. But, at this point in time, we just don't have any compelling reason to have to cut it. We do realize that the dividend yield is pretty high for the situation that we're in right now, but we're okay with that for now. And that's why we went ahead and declared the regular dividend with this last quarter.
Stephen J. Riney: Michael, this is Steve. I'd also just point you to the presentation we made, the webcast that we made back in November. It's got some information that I think you'd find helpful.
