Brady Parish: Thank you, Rachel. Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us for Apache Corporation’s third quarter 2013 earnings conference call. On today’s call, we will have three speakers making prepared remarks prior to taking questions. I will start by giving a brief summary of the third quarter results, and then we will hear from Steve Farris, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by Tom Chambers, our Chief Financial Officer. In addition, joining us for the question and answer session which will follow the prepared remarks are Roger Plank, President and Chief Corporate Officer; Rod Eichler, President and Chief Operating Officer; Tom Voytovich, Executive Vice President for International Operations and John Christmann, Region Vice President for our Permian region. We prepared our quarterly financial supplemental data package for your use, which also includes the reconciliation of any non-GAAP numbers that we discuss, such as adjusted earnings, cash flow from operations, pre-tax margins or cash margins. In addition, we have prepared an operations supplement which summarizes our activities, includes detailed well highlights across the various Apache operating regions. These can both be found on our website at www.apachecorp.com/financialinformation or financial info. Today’s discussion will contain forward-looking estimates and assumptions based on our current views and most reasonable expectations. However, a number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from what we discuss today. A full disclaimer is located with the supplemental data package on our website. This morning we reported third quarter 2013 earnings of $300 million or $0.75 per diluted share, cash flow from operations before changes in working capital totaled over $2.7 billion. Adjusted earnings, which excludes certain items that impact the comparability of results, totaled $932 million or $2.32 per diluted share. During the third quarter, total net production averaged approximately 784,000 boe per day with liquids production constituting 54% of the total. This represents an increase over the 771,000 boe per day reported in the third quarter of 2012 and a decrease from the 790,000 boe per day reported in the second quarter of 2013. Production in the third quarter of 2013 was negatively impacted by a decrease in North Sea production 6,100 boe per day predominantly due to a planned turnaround at 40s as well as natural field declines in the offshore Gulf of Mexico and Australia, all of which we guided to on our second quarter earnings call. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Steve.
Brady Parish: Well, I don’t think – I think it would be premature to put out a pro forma cash flow and CapEx number for the quarter. You know we did breakdown capital by region within the financial supplement. Obviously you know the two major items that we've sold which is really the source of the pro forma number that we have in the operation supplement. So, you can assume even though ultimately we're going to – we’ll record 100% of Egypt on a non-controlling interest for the third that we don't own as the way we’ll account for it, but if you assumed a third of the capital for Egypt is not ours, we’re spinning two-thirds there and if you assume the Shelf obviously is not in those numbers, that would give you a sense for what our capital reduction would have been for the quarter. As far as cash flow, you know, Egypt is pretty easy to figure out what our cash flow is, when you look at historical financials you get a good sense for what kind of cash flow we generate there, even on a quarterly basis. And with respect to the Shelf, the one guidance we had given around the date of the divestiture when it was announced is that we were roughly going to get about $500 million of excess cash flow out of the Shelf with about $900 million of capital, so that obviously implies about $1.4 billion per year at least for 2013 that we thought we might do this year.Doug Leggate – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: So, that’s helpful, Brady. Thanks. I guess what I’m really trying to figure out is you guys have got enormous opportunities there, obviously in the Permian. And I know you don't want to talk about 2014 guidance but historically, Steve, you’ve always talked about Apache will spend its cash flow but that was before you had potentially $6 billion on the balance sheet. So I’m just wondering should we anticipate some of those disposal proceeds accelerating some of that value? And I'll leave it at that, thank you.
Brady Parish: Okay, thank you Rachel. Thank you everyone for participating on the call. We obviously greatly appreciate your interest in Apache. If you have any additional questions, please reach out to the IR department and will be happy to help you out. Thank you. Have a great day.
Steve Farris: Well, we would like to be able to at least keep it flat – that regions that we keep we would like to be able to either keep flat or grow a little bit. For sure we’d also like them to be able to generate significant cash flow with our capital program for the year. For Egypt, for example, I think generated about $900 million of cash flow in the first three quarters. So – and it has – and basically stayed flat.
Steve Farris: Depending on we still have some pending transactions it should be around 22,000 barrels a day, or thereabout equivalent a day, predominantly gas. 
Steve Farris: Yeah, the Tonkawa is really not been too affected by pad drilling right now because we’re just not going to that, frankly. The biggest cost savings in Tonkawa is number of days drilled and the completion cost. And the completion cost because we’re self-sourcing all our chemicals, all our sand and our horsepower now.
Steve Farris: No, I also mentioned the Cline. It’s many of the same thing. That is pad drilling. Certainly in the Wolfcamp in our Barnhart area. It also is associated with self-sourcing all our services.
Steve Farris: Well, you’ve pretty well outlined the alternative. Certainly, we are looking at it, you know, we’ve made some commitments to pay down debt and to buy shares back which we expect. One of the things that I said – I think I said on the last call is is that we have so more producing assets than the $4 billion which means we’re going to have to pay down the debt than the $2 billion that we paid down so far. And we also have repurchased 8 million shares, which we intend to continue.
Steve Farris: Yes, I can’t quite – depending on how you calculate the math, the way that we look at 2014 is 2013 based on a pro forma, we should be able to increase our production growth rate for 2014. We’ve got a lot of moving parts in 2013; to peg a number it’s pretty difficult right now other than looking at it on a pro forma basis.
Steve Farris: No, we are going to have analyst day in February and we will come out with a 2014 production growth and capital plans for 2014.
Steve Farris: Well, I think we’ve done the lion’s share. I think I said in my prepared remarks, we’ve done the lion’s share. We do have some other assets that we’re looking at as part of our review. And I think it’s important to note that if we can’t get good value from at this point that we probably won’t sell them but we are actively pursuing some of those.Leo Mariani – RBC Capital Markets: Alright. I guess in terms of cost, you guys obviously talked about a concentrated effort to reduce LOE and G&A, certainly showed up in the numbers this quarter. You know any sense of continued improvement, any kind of magnets that you can give us, I mean, could we see another 5% to 10% per boe come at a cost going forward and how should we think about that.
Steve Farris: Well, I think certainly that if you look at our operating costs on the shelf, our fourth quarter operating costs are going to go down, because if you put in that much production at $21 a barrel and average that over the rest of our property base, your operating costs are going to come down. Certainly on the G&A side, obviously we’ve gone down quite a bit on the product side and also – mentioned that when we talk about our sales in Canada, that’s about 52% of our well count up there. So it wasn’t just about getting rid of the dry gas, it’s also getting rid of well count. So overall our G&A ought to continue to come down also.
Steve Farris: On a broader scale, one thing I think that – and not just for Apache, I mean truthfully with the number of zones and the amount of oil in place in the Permian basin, we just scratched the surface. I mean I truly believe that. I think the Permian is going to have years of surprises in it, most of them are going to be good.
Steve Farris: Oh, you mean your capital – annualizing capital, I’m sorry I didn’t quite.Michael Hall – Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Yeah.
Steve Farris: You know, we haven’t allocated capital for 2014 yet. Certainly we’re very active in the Permian, the Anadarko right now but I think we got to be careful about just annualizing the third quarter’s capital numbers, that’s probably a little strong.Michael Hall – Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Okay. Thanks.
Steve Farris: Well, I think, a little bit you’re seeing that this year. We're going to make the best capital decisions we can. And certainly we would like to have a growth profile for 2014 that’s stronger than 2013.
Steve Farris: You know we've got one well down. So, it's a little premature to talk about reserves. In terms of – the one thing I will say about that is, it is probably the next big play that’s going to come on the shelf. I mean all you're doing is taking that same rock and coming up on the shelf and looking for the same things you were looking in Deepwater, the only difference is we've got infrastructure across the Gulf because of our relationship, our negotiations with Fieldwood, we have rights to go through platforms on all those wells we drilled, including Main Pass 295. So, you should expect us to drill quite a few sub-salt wells, exploration wells, next year. And I think it has tremendous room.
John Christmann: I mean, I think when you look at – there is really two transactions, you can’t just talk about, you know, BP without talking about Mariner, both those transactions really help change our whole program, I mean, you now look we’ve got over 1.1 million acres in the Midland Basin, you know, we’ve been in a transition out there, really an evolution into – in fact, in this quarter we now have, you know, across, we’ve got more horizontal rigs running than vertical rigs and we’ve got a lot of acreage contributed from, both, BP and Mariner. So I think it’s really helped the region put it where it is today.
John Christmann: Yeah, I mean, I would say we have, you know, in a matter of three years, we’ve now got over 330 folks in Midland and I would stack that organization up against any. I think the thing we’ve got with the mid-40, 44 rigs running right now, when we are – you know, as I mentioned we’ve now got more horizontals than verticals, the beauty that we’ve got is, we’ve got multiple plays and that we’ve got the ability to kind of time these where we can work around our infrastructure both on the processing side as well as having facilities built for water handling, you know, the pads built and the sourcing for the fracs. So, I think it actually puts us in a position where we’ve got the ability to plan. We’ve been working on getting further ahead so we can do an even better job doing that. But I think that’s why you see such strong performance from the Permian in the third quarter and it looks good going forward.
John Christmann: Well, I mean, I think, you know now the – obviously there’s a lot of momentum, you’re seeing a lot of these plays are real. They’re getting more legs underneath. If you look back at what we guided to it was kind of 13% growth, I think with where we’ve been the last two years, we’ve well exceeded that. So, I think we’re very excited about what’s in front of us. I think you’re seeing the cost come down significantly as we alluded to, you know, with the use of pad drilling and the completion side and starting to go that direction you’re seeing multiple landing zones, so there’s more to be excited about today as we see that it’s starting to really prove out and we’re being able to deliver on what we said we’ll do to you back in June of 2012.
John Christmann: Well, you got, you know, three different areas we’re talking about there. You know, we’re running six rigs in the Barnhart area, which is Irion County. You know, I think one of the legs up we’ve got on industry right now is we’ve probably drilled more concentrated wells in an area. So, we’re probably further ahead in terms of understanding spacing lateral lengths and really moving into development mode. So, we’ve been working hard there to understand that and actually doing a lot of field test to help us optimize wells. So, we’re excited about Barnhart, I think you’ll see us run a similar number of rigs as we start the plan for next year in that area. The one thing we’ve done this year is we’ve picked up two rigs, now we’ve got three rigs actually in Reagan and Upton. We’ve got two wells here, the Miller that are in the ops report that both are very strong wells. You know, I think an early look EURs will be north of our type curve that we put out in June of last year. And I think as you see us going into next year that will be an area where we will expand the rigs going forward as we get into those areas. The other area you allude to is in the Delaware, that actually is a third Bone Springs well, a horizontal, but it’s really close to the Wolfcamp which is why we tagged it that way. Very, very good well, you know, we’ve got some room to drill some more over there as we just kind of start to understand our Delaware position. The big difference in the Delaware and the Midland is you’ve got higher pressure, you’ve got little more water volumes to deal with over in the Delaware but right now all three programs look very, very compelling.Matt Portillo – Tudor Pickering & Co.: Okay.
John Christmann: We have not come out on with anything external yet but we continue to run on active program out there. We were well above 8000 oil and gas has gone up nicely as well too. So I mean I think you will see more of that in February of next year when we walk through the analyst stuff.
John Christmann: I think we are pretty all in line with type curves that we disclosed back in June of ’12. We have drilled some longer laterals as long as 9300 feet, where it makes sense with the land we seem to be – drill a mile and half, so we’re just kind of setting that up right now. Our well costs have come down significantly as Steve alluded to. We are well under $7 million, the mid to high 6s right now. And so – and that’s for the 7500 foot laterals.
John Christmann: So for Kitimat, things are progressing on a number of fronts there. From the regulatory standpoint, we are currently working with BC government to work out their desire for their LNG tax scheme. We are moving forward on the environmental approvements in areas that are concerning our pipeline occurrence right away. Of course, the downstream portion is operated by Chevron, in the upstream area we are completing our conceptual engineering for the placement of facilities that will support the rental drilling program. As far as the second part of your question on the yard, the one well that we have which is a premier well which is outlined is the D-34-K well which we think is one of the most productive shale gas wells drilled to date in North America, if not the world, that well probably may cost 20 Bcf, it’s been in production now for over year and a half, it’s the current – exactly as we forecasted at the analyst day last year.
John Christmann: Exactly that particular well we only had six frac stages applied to at a very limited lateral compared to the design fracs for the wells going forward with the development plan which will be much longer laterals at a many frac stages we apply at it in Permian and Anadarko area. The 10-year program itself beginning in 2010 as we will mention more detail in February at our analyst day, is principally to hold acreage and less sulphur production, only a few of those wells like to see production in 2014 and 2014.
Tom Voytovich: This is Tom Voytovich. I think that we are pushing more gas through Macedon earlier than we thought we did and it’s a nameplate gas plant of 200 million, we are up to around 225 million. So arithmetic I think is fairly self-explanatory.
Tom Voytovich: I would say you are exactly right and those are, three of our wells right now are some of the best economics we’ve got in the region for sure. The beauty we’ve got is having a big position on the Central basin platform, we’ve got a lot of assets, we’ve got areas where we can go in and target and use horizontal drilling, and we’ve done it quite successfully. And we have been doing that since 2010 in the Grayburg, Squire 4 [ph], [indiscernible] and obviously Wichita Albany has been a big story for us this year. So I think the beauty of it there is you’ve got your areas where you come off of main units, you’ve got on the flanks, you’ve had units performed on paycuts and parameters that were little better than what you are drilling horizontally and it makes for really, really economic wells. But the big deal is you’ve got to have the assets in the acreage and positions in those deals and the infrastructure to drill. They are very good economics.
Tom Voytovich: We’ve got roughly 3 in the Mexico, handful of them in Central basin platform. If you look at the Wolfcamp alone right now, we’ve got about 9 horizontal wells running in the Wolfcamp, I have got another 3 or 4 in other plays down in the central – or in the Midland basin. So you’ve got over half of the rigs indefinitely in the Midland Basin and that over half of the rigs are horizontals. We’ve got a couple down in the Delaware and they’ve kind of scattered out in some other areas.David Tameron – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. John. And if we think about, just a year ago or year-and-a-half ago when you guys had your Analyst Day you kind of rolled out what your plans were for the Permian and what you knew at that time. Looking back, any areas you’re more excited about, less excited about, kind of what’s changed, I know there’s been a lot going on the last year-and-a-half, but kind of what’s changed in the last year-and-a-half that you could summarize that for us.
Tom Voytovich: Well, I mean one thing about these shales is they are homogenous. So different areas, you got to attack them different ways but we have found in the class, especially in Glassglow [ph], we are right now kind of looking at four wells per section, we are seeing better results, so it’s all a function of within that area but as you move into other areas, it changes. But I think that’s one of the advantages we’ve got as getting into some areas where we have got in the pads and drilling more laterals and get more wells down, we are going to have more data we can understand how to optimize this.
Tom Voytovich: Kind of follow up on that, if you take the Wolfcamp down and Barnett, we have tested four different zones in there, we’ve now placed two in the upper some would call the Wolfcamp but we’ve got a buffer, the lower portion of the upper are an upper. So there’s going to be more laterals stack in all these fields. So they will walk in on just how many per section for sure.Jeffrey Campbell – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Let me ask one further question, regarding the inherent risk of all exploration wells, maybe it’s too early but I was just wondering having gotten to a 100 feet pace, that’s efficient to commercialize the well, your announcement of the follow up drill kind of on the hill, it’s very positive.
Tom Voytovich: Right, I think you can presume that we reached total depth on that well and we are about waiting selection options or evaluating options to conduction some appraisal drilling, so I think that will happen before the end of the year.
