Steven Farris: Well, what I can say is the asset list that we have generated at today’s prices, and what our market expectations are, would exceed that $4 billion. 
Steven Farris: Two things. One is we want to make sure we retain our flexibility and our A rating. The other one is that it also gives us financial flexibility to invest that money in our ongoing business.
Steven Farris: We’ve historically tried to be finally fiscal, and we want to continue that. It’s given us great flexibility over the years, and we continue to think it will give us flexibility in the future.
Steven Farris: Our first priority is to pay down debt. And we would have a goal to get that done this year, the $4 billion.
Steven Farris: It’s not in the target. Obviously we’re going to have to size Kitimat as we go forward. Right now we are in a position to have taken something from raw materials to wholesale, and there will be a time when it will be retail.
Steven Farris: I think what we said in our release is that our goal is to come out of this with assets that we think have the potential to grow long term or short term, and that we also have assets that have great generating power to fund those programs.
Steven Farris: No, we have an asset base that are growth generators, and we have assets that are cash generators. We want to balance our cash generators with our growth generators.
Steven Farris: Well, certainly if you look at our portfolio today, we’re still going to have a joint venture group that has an exploration bent. But in terms of the amount of funding that they get for the next two or three years, it’s going to be less than they’ve gotten in the past.
Steven Farris: Well, the share buybacks will be obviously opportunistic. We have a goal to have asset sales of $4 billion by the end of this year, and the first $2 billion are going to pay down debt, and the next $2 billion are going to buy back stock. What the timing of the stock buyback is, based on how soon we get the transactions done and closed, and have the cash available.
Steven Farris: We’re going to try to do a better job of our guidance on Egypt going forward. If you look at the numbers, our gross production was down 2%. And the most important thing to look at in Egypt is cash flow, frankly.  But what we’re going to try to do in the future, and I don’t want to confuse everybody on the line, is we’re going to start showing, basically, net of tax. Because Apache is not responsible for the tax in Egypt, and we basically gross up the volumes for the effective tax rate. And it adjusts numbers.  If we had done it on a net basis, it would have been down about 5,000 barrels a day, or 6,000 barrels a day, rather than 12,000 barrels a day. So we’re going to try to clean that up going forward. In terms of the actual production decline, the 2% on the gross, that’s more timing than anything. 
Steven Farris: It’s premature. We have an asset list that exceeds our target. And how we approach that going forward in the next few months, or six months, will really determine what comes out of the back of it. I’d be premature to answer that question right now. Our whole goal is to be more profitable and more predictable growth.
Steven Farris: Well, with respect to to the market, obviously we are in the market. We’re in the market now with our new partner, Chevron, who is leading that charge. Before we got into the current relationship, it was pretty strong then, and I would venture to say, with Chevron as part of the partnership, it is stronger today.  In terms of the pipeline right of way, we’re proceeding forward on all those issues.
Steven Farris: Whether they had long term growth potential, short term or long term growth potential, or do they generate significant excess cash. That’s it. 
Steven Farris: Well, yeah. I think if you look at those raw definitions of which ones are on either side, rate of return is our primary focus. So it would fit those categories.
Steven Farris: I think two things. I think we haven’t done what we said we were going to do in 2012. And I think that as we get further into the process with Egypt in terms of the continuity of Egypt, I think that will help. We’ve got 26 rigs running in Egypt. We continue to get paid every day. It generates a tremendous amount of cash. And I think over time people will get more comfortable with that.
Steven Farris: No, if you look at our stock performance truthfully, through 2010, it’s been very competitive with any of our peer companies. If you look at 2011 and 2012, we’ve really digressed.
Steven Farris: Well, we have a pretty broad asset list, number one. Number two, we started the process about four months ago, and I think the best thing we can do is do it, and then announce it, as opposed to advertising what we’re doing as we go forward, both from a competitive stand and from a market standpoint.
Steven Farris: We’ve had this discussion before. I think companies, people, go through lifecycles, and right now our lifecycle is to give us a portfolio that we can grow organically. We certainly have been very successful in the acquisition market. That’s not one of our focuses at the present time.
Steven Farris: Yeah, Wichita Albany is largely oil. We do have some running room in that area. Those wells have been, like a lot of the wells in the Tonkawa in Oklahoma, those Wichita Albany wells have far exceeded our expectations. We’ve got wells that make 900 barrels a day and are still making 800 barrels a day. It’s been a very good play for us. And we do have running room in that play.
Steven Farris: I think Egyptian gas prices, that number will be the same number going forward really forever. That is our gas price now. And the reason is, and I’m sure you’ve heard this before, we had a gas contract that rolled off at the end of 2012 that was one of our higher-priced gas contracts in Egypt. That’s the last one of those kind. 
Steven Farris: I think if you look at our portfolio today, from where it was in 2010, we have now invested in the [Wheatstone] project, which is a long term project that is basically oil-related. It will come on in late 2016 and effectively be 35,000 barrels of oil a day for 20 years. That’s about 270 million barrels of oil production.  So if you look at our long term projects that we have, we’ve got 50 Bcf in Liard that is associated with our Kitimat project. Those are long-lead items that take capital, that also provide steady future revenues for years to come. So in terms of what we look at selling, are the things that have high cost right now, that have lumpy production in the future. 
Steven Farris: We do right now, because Wheatstone, we have 13%, we’ve got one more year of capital associated with it, and frankly, with Wheatstone, we’ll just have to see how that goes. We haven’t reached FID yet with Kitimat, and we’ll have to make that decision when we get there.
Steven Farris: Well, I think you’ve got to look at the results. They have gone through a number of quarters now, and almost two years, and we continue to be very profitable there. We continue to think that that will level out over time. My opinion is, Egyptians are Egyptian-first, and then that part of the world. We were just there a month and a half ago, and I feel very good about the forward plan in Egypt. How we convince our U.S. investor base that that is the way it is another matter. 
Steven Farris: Truthfully, Argentina’s got a lot of great resources. Right now they’re troubled politically. How that fits in our program long term we’ll just have to see.
Steven Farris: I will tell you, in terms of the share buyback, I think, from a board standpoint, and from a management standpoint, we find ourselves in a unique position, because we have relatively high commodity prices, at least on the oil side, and our stock has got a lot of upside in it. So I consider stock buyback [an event], but this is a very good event to buy your stock back. I can assure you, we have, over the last several months, looked at a number of combinations of an asset base that we want to come out of this going forward. 
Steven Farris: I think as we all learn, not just Apache, but I think as our industry learns ways to reduce cost, I think service costs will continue to come down for a while. I don’t think we’ve hit the bottom yet, for all kinds of reasons, because of the different ways you’re sourcing things now, and the different services major service companies provide versus what they used to provide. That’s all changing, as I’m sure you’re aware.
