Gary T. Clark: Great. Thank you, Kelly. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us for Apache Corporations fourth quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Speakers making prepared remarks on today’s call will be Apache CEO and President, John Christmann; and Interim CFO, Anthony Lannie. Also joining us in the room are Tom Voytovich, Executive Vice President and COO of International and Steve Riney, who will officially take over as Apache's new CFO later this month. We are delighted to have Steve on Board and look forward to hearing from him on next quarter’s conference call. In conjunction with this morning’s press release I hope you've had the opportunity to review our quarterly earnings supplement which summarizes our operational activities and well highlights across various Apache operating regions. The supplement also includes information on our capital expenditures for the quarter, as well as a chart that illustrates cash sources and uses and reconciles Apache's change in net debt during 2014. Our earnings release, the accompanying financial tables and non-GAAP reconciliations and our quarterly earnings supplement can all be found on our website at www.apachecorp.com. I'd like to remind everybody that today's discussion will contain forward-looking estimates and assumptions based on our current views and most reasonable expectations. However, a number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from what we discussed today. A full disclaimer is located with the supplemental data on our website. This morning we reported a fourth quarter 2014 loss of $4.8 billion or $12.78 per diluted share. These results contain several non-cash charges primarily related to the impact of declining oil and gas prices, acreage impairments, the announced disposition of our LNG assets and changes in foreign tax estimates and assumptions. Adjusted earnings, which excludes certain items that impact the comparability of results totaled $404 million or $1.07 per diluted share. Cash flow from operations before changes in working capital totaled $2.1 billion during the quarter. Worldwide reported net production averaged 673,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, with liquids production constituting 62% of that total. On a pro forma basis, which excludes assets that have been divested, non-controlling interests, and tax barrels in Egypt, our fourth quarter worldwide production was 609,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This represents an 8% increase from the third quarter and a 12% increase from the same period a year ago. I would now like to turn the call over to John Christmann.
Gary T. Clark: Arun, we can say that the Scott, Telford and the Balnaves you are going to be in the 10,000 sort of type barrel range.
Gary T. Clark: Yes, hey. This is Gary. We are looking at about 319,000 a day as your pro forma Q4 number in North America. And about 225 international and offshore.
Gary T. Clark: Yes Michael, we can follow-up with you there, but we really haven’t kind of put anything out there on the specific well counts you know I just...
Gary T. Clark: I’ll tell you what. Why don't we do this and follow-up because we've gone over the top of the hour. Why don’t we follow-up with offline on those, on that reconciliation.
Gary T. Clark: Well thank you everybody for joining us and please follow-up with myself or my team in IR if we can handle any of the other details that we didn’t get to on the call today and we look forward to speaking to you all next quarter. Thank you very much.
P. Anthony Lannie: Thank you, John, and good afternoon. I would like to begin by providing some detail around our fourth quarter non-cash charges. As noted in this morning's press release, we reported an after-tax loss of $4.8 billion or $12.78 per share for the fourth quarter of 2014 as a result of several key non-recurring items. We incurred $2 billion in after-tax non- cash property write-downs related to full-cost ceiling impairments in the U.S. and North Sea. Under full-cost accounting we are required to use trailing 12 month oil prices to calculate the PV-10 value of our reserves each quarter. Approximately half of the charges associated with the Company's full-cost ceiling test were driven by an impairment of acreage that we do not intend to drill. We recorded a $1.3 billion impairment of goodwill in the fourth quarter related to our U.S., North Sea and Canada reporting units. This is a function of prior-year acquisition values being valued under today's lower commodity price deck. If oil prices do not recover materially from the current futures market price indication, the Company expects further impairments of the carrying value of its oil and gas properties throughout the remainder of 2015. The Company does not, however anticipate significant additional acreage or goodwill impairments in 2015. In December 2014, we announced the sale of Apache's interest in the Kitimat and Wheatstone LNG projects along with associated upstream oil and gas assets, to Woodside Petroleum for $2.75 billion plus recovery of Apache's net expenditures made between June 30, 2014 and closing. Assets associated with the sale of our LNG facilities are classified as held-for-sale on the balance sheet. Accounting rules require us to evaluate assets held-for-sale for impairment. Accordingly an impairment analysis was performed on these assets and an after-tax loss of $753 million was recognized in earnings. The full-cost upstream assets associated with this sale are excluded from held-for-sale accounting and no impairment was recorded, however. We do expect a non-cash charge upon closing of the sale. Lastly, we incurred approximately $1 billion in non-cash deferred tax adjustments for the fourth quarter, primarily related to the U.S. GAAP rules pertaining to the measurement of income taxes on undistributed earnings in our international regions that we no longer consider to be permanently reinvested. The announced sale of our interest in the Kitimat and Wheatstone LNG projects and associated upstream assets was a key step in refocusing our portfolio and giving us more flexibility with capital allocation. Additionally, during 2014 we completed the sale of our Argentina region, our deepwater Gulf of Mexico interest and several non-core assets across North America. In total for the year, we completed or announced sales of approximately $7 billion of assets worldwide, we intend to use the proceeds of the remaining sales to pay down debt and strengthen our balance sheet in this low price environment. I would like to leave you with some guidance for our North American onshore operations in the 2015 first quarter. We currently project that quarter one North America onshore production will average between 300,000 and 305,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day which is down slightly from our record fourth quarter 2014 levels when adjusted for asset sales. This slight decrease is attributable to the plan deferral of completions which John spoke about earlier couple with the impact of severe weather conditions during January. In the Permian region alone we experienced abnormal weather related down time of approximately 14-days in the first half of January. The estimated impact of this down time when spread across the quarter is roughly 3700 barrels of oil per day. From a CapEx standpoint, we anticipate spending roughly $800 million in onshore North America during the first quarter which represent approximately 36% of our full year onshore North America budget. I should also note that our first quarter and full-year 2015 capital budget excludes approximately $300 million of estimated spending for LNG which we anticipate being reimbursed upon closing of the LNG sales this quarter. Our financial strategy for 2015 is to maintain a strong balance sheet and live within our cash flow in order to take advantage of opportunities quickly and efficiently once prices begin to recover. I will now turn the call back over to the operator for question-and-answers.
P. Anthony Lannie: Sure. It's just simply we're coming in hot, plus we've got the LNG spend too that when that closes so you've got a combination, but you don't go from running 90 rigs to down to levels we're going to be and not have a hot spend early.
P. Anthony Lannie: Just short-term borrowing, but we had $11.2 billion of debt at the end of the year with $800,000 million of cash on the balance sheet for net debt position of 10.4. We’ve increased our CP line of credit and $3 billion to $5 billion in December. So we have about almost $4 billion of available credit line.
P. Anthony Lannie: We are still working with the credit rating agencies on what our credit rating will be but we intend to pay down debt and have a very strong balance sheet.
P. Anthony Lannie: Yes, we haven’t provided any details in terms of split out between North America and North Sea at this point, but the total is $2 billion for the ceiling test and another $1.3 for the balance, for the impairment.
John J. Christmann: Well I mean it’s hard to put the percentage as an actual percentage, but clearly about slowing down on high grading, we will focus on our best wells, additionally we're going to be drilling wells, only wells that we really need to drill right now and the nice thing is a lot of our acreage is held, we don’t have lease obligations we're worried about. So it’s all about reducing the cost structure and improving the economics before we really speed up, but there is going to be efficiencies dialed in, I think that kind of goes into what the capital reduction that we've shown and where we are given guidance on the production levels.
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean the easy thing is we'll signal because we'll pick up rigs when we start to ramp, so but I mean there’s two things. There’s two parts that equation, one is a commodity price, but the bigger deal right now is cost structure and we made the decision to consciously and aggressively drop rigs, because the cost structure needs to come down for this price environment and we can always ramp back up, I mean you look at our depth of our portfolio in the Permian we showed we delivered 25% year-over-year growth, we got very, very deep high graded inventory. So it’s going to easy to scale up, but the big deal as we've got to drive the cost structure down to reflect this current price environment.
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean clearly we are able to drop quickly because we did not have a lot of committed contract or required location we had to drill. So we are able to scale back very quickly. We will come into 15 with a pretty deep backlog of wells and we have pushed a lot of those completions back, because quite honestly, we've got to get the completion cost to come in line as well. So we are going to very methodically push those back. If I can defer those, see the benefits of lower completion costs and then bring those back on and potential higher price environment and later there is a big win there. As for what 16 looks like a lot of that’s going to depend on where we are mid-year and what the program does. So we’ve got the benefit this year of having a backlog of completions and we can spread those out and it's kind of how we planned it.
John J. Christmann: Right now, the wells we're drilling are economic because we've been aggressively attacking the cost structure. As I mentioned in the script, our limitation is cash flow and we're wanting to put it, our cash flow to work in the best places, we don't feel right now that tapping the balance sheet to drill wells that we don't have to drill in this price environment or cost structure makes sense, so I think we've got a deep inventory and when the economics and more cash becomes available we will ramp back up.
John J. Christmann: I mean I'd say in general, if you look at our Eagle Ford and I alluded to that in the script, we showed cost in our November update of around $7 million, we're early last year we were North of eight, I can tell you we’ve already reflective of old service costs, we just TD'd a well in the 6.5 range. We feel like we can get those well under six so we're already down 10% to 15%. We got now some things dialing in that's going to help our numbers go further, so with the drop in oil price being where it is I know a lot of our competitors are talking about just seeing 10% well cost reductions that's going to have to be more than that. We're seeing more than that.
John J. Christmann: Yes, Arun, with where Anthony alluded to first quarter being and where we’re going to exit where we average it's pretty good assumption on how we are got it dialed in right now. Obviously first quarter is being impacted by the significant down time we've had already. First two weeks of January were very rough in the Permian and central so that's part of why you see more of a flat look because we've had a lot of down time early but we do have a lot of completions that we'll be able to bring on and obviously drilling better wells with the rigs we’re going to be running too so I think that's probably a pretty reasonable view of how we’d look at right now.
John J. Christmann: We touched on that in November. I mean it was predominantly in our key areas. A lot of that was Eagle Ford and Canyon Lime and Permian and really within our core areas.
John J. Christmann: Right now in this price environment a lot changes a $100 price environment to $50, so right now as I stated in the prepared comments, we are not proceeding with anything on the spinoff of Egypt or North Sea. We are looking at possibly still monetizing or the non-LNG assets of Australia, but at this point in this price environment I think you're seeing strength of our international assets complement our North American portfolio.
John J. Christmann: Right now, we’ve got very little hedges 415 and that is one of the things we're going to be looking at is was what type we've gone through a major transformation as we started thinking about 15 the world changed and that's something we'll be looking at early part of this year is what type of hedging strategy we would use in the future.
John J. Christmann: Well I’ll say we haven’t provided a lot of color there, we are coming into the year with a couple of harder wells, so it is a portion of that budget, but we are going spread it out over the year.
John J. Christmann: Well the answer there is when you look at our cash flow, still the lion share of our capital is going to go into our bread and butter Permian which has been driving our performance. So we're going to be down to one rig - one to two rigs in Eagle Ford, one to two rigs in the Canyon Lime, those are both areas where we are advancing deep inventory of economic wells, but in terms of how they stack out right now, the Delaware Basin and so our step in the Permian is going to little bit slightly higher, but I do not see some of the efficiencies we are driving into those well costs, a lot of those are utilizing 3D avoiding drilling hazards or efficiency, there is more to this than just service cost. So I don’t envision any of those coming back in even if prices rebound. So that’s the nice thing about slowing down is this is going to really give us a chance to when we speed back up to do it a lot more efficiently in a lot better later, because a lot of the changes are not just come out of service side, they are out of our end and designs and other efficiencies.
John J. Christmann: Well we are really going to have one rig around it, so what we’ve shown though is by taking a very measured and disciplined approach which we made a lot of operational changes you know management changes last summer in Tulsa, and you're seeing fruit of that really start to come through. It's more conventional reservoirs. We've got to do more homework up front. It shows the depth and quality of the acreage up there but really when you look at this year it will be a very small program just based on the commodity mix and so forth.
John J. Christmann: It will high graded list of all wells there, so we do have a couple hundred acres in the Woodford that will be active there, about 50,000 net in the ops report, there will be lower Marmaton and then we got some nice Cottage Grove and Cleveland and big kind of small assortment of all the best projects we have from all those formations.
John J. Christmann: There is actually with what’s being sold with Kitimat there's not any production would be dialed into those numbers. So that is an adjusted number that you would expect to see from us post sales.
John J. Christmann: The issue there is you correctly picked up that rig count did not change and our governors in the Delaware right now are more driven by infrastructure, take away capacity in those things. So you are exactly right. That is not a piece, it is at the top of the food chain. And it didn’t change. The others had to compete with the Permian and that's why when you look at we’ve got the lion share of our capital there, so Permian still will be getting 60% of our total North American capital and which is about in line with what we showed at the November update.
John J. Christmann: We’re kind of couple hundred total. Where the rig count's been, a lion's share of those would be in the Permian.
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean I think the simple answer is we need to get the costs down in line with the oil price environment and when you look at 60% to 65% of your total well cost is in the completions, a lot of folks were assuming you'd just move through the backlog and keep completing the wells, but I mean that's some of the best things we can do right now to push those back because up front, significant savings there lets us drill other wells, so we're seeing substantial numbers on both the rig rates and then with what we've done basically by setting down most of the rigs, we're able to come in now and contract what prices should be in a $50 price environment and the same thing applies on the frac crews.
John J. Christmann: At this point given where we are John, we are taking a hard look at everything. I’ve taken a pretty measured approach of stepping in and had a lot of things to get knocked out off in early. I really want to think about what we have North America look like. I've got Tom in place on the international side and I'm going to take a very measured approach and think through what this thing ought to look like for the long-term and come out with something at a later day.
John J. Christmann: Right now if you look at our just in the U.S. our PDP decline is across all products. Oil is about 26%, our total streams around 24% in North America and that's just on a PDP basis.
John J. Christmann: All right. What I would say about that Joe is it will just depend on where we are and where prices are. I mean clearly if we are under $50 it will be lower than the average for the year considerably come in hot, but we are going to kind of let things dictate what we say going into the third and fourth quarter kind of based on where the market conditions are and also where the cost structure is. I mean that’s the other piece, we get cost down we would be able to pick up too so.
John J. Christmann: Well in terms of completion backlog we’ve got – that’s kind of at our disposal as to when we would complete those wells and obviously if we're an under 50 and prices have come on down and we will probably get some of those on and may choose to wait and see an increase in price when we go ahead and complete some of those wells. For the write down of the charges, I’m going to let Anthony handle that question.
John J. Christmann: Well Doug we have been looking at G&A, looking at it pretty hard in terms of ways to reduce it, we did announce we had some reductions in January about 5% worldwide when you look at the numbers, clearly we had an organization in place its capable of running 90 plus rigs in North America which at this point its less than that. So we will continue to look at things, one thing we are doing is we're taking some of our young engineers and we are putting them in the field which is allowing us to replace some contract folks so we’re being pretty smart about how to leverage folks, get some good experience and also puts us in a better position, in fact I have got a lot of good reports on the savings and some of the benefits that we’re having about putting those guys out in the field. So we are going be pretty prudent, in terms of what we do we will continue to look at what is the best organization for North America in terms of where things are going and do not worry about being over ramp up, I mean its easy to ramp up after you’ve been there before, I mean we’ve got great capabilities in the Permian and our other regions and it will not be hard to ramp up. And in fact I’ve got a lot of ways thankful because its gives us a chance to really look at our processes, our efficiencies, our inventory and really spend some time, high grading that and I will promise you will do it when we ramp up differently then would have been do it right now.
John J. Christmann: There’s a couple things. One of our key strategic objectives was to sell the LNG and that will close in the end of the first quarter. Secondly, we are looking at our conventional business in Australia, Egypt in the North Sea are different businesses then what we are doing in North America, but the thing you are going to look as generate free cash flow they always have had higher rate of return projects which complement our portfolio and clearly in this price environment it would not make sense to monetize them and they complete things very nicely. So at this point, there is no plans to sell or spin and they fit nicely with the portfolio when we ramp back up we will grow North America at faster rate.
John J. Christmann: A lot of that's going to depend on a lot of the strategic testing and the things we're doing in these plays right now. We're learning things each day. We've got the rig we're running in the Eagle Ford will be telling us very critical things as well as the Canyon Lime as well as the Permian so the good news is we've got a deep inventory and I'm confident we're going to have plenty of economic projects. We've got more right now than cash flow to spend at these levels so a lot of that Brian will just depend on how we see each of those plays at that time. One place is one of the questions earlier we have not slowed down in the Delaware and we will continue to try to expand that and then I think we're going to be in a position to we've gone from 12 rigs down to, we will be at four and down to one to two in the Eagle Ford. We can ramp that back up very quickly. The Canyon Lime we can put up at five or six in there and the neat thing is we're high grading a lot of prospects and a lot of acreage and we'll have a lot of choices to choose from.
John J. Christmann: It's a combination. There are a lot of those projects on the lower end that need prices down to where we want to drill them right now. But I can tell you where we made the cut based on our current cash flow I have more capabilities right now of economic projects we were electing to defer because we don't have to drill them. I mean the point is why drill them in this price environment when things are going to improve? So it's a combination.
John J. Christmann: Well there's no doubt that they drop. You go from 80 and 4 and you go to 50, and call it 50 and 290, apples-to-apples they have dropped. Now we are working on the cost side and we still have very attractive returns in the place where we are active, so but there's no doubt right now, the returns are costs haven't come down to put the returns in line with what we showed you and $80 a barrel in November.
John J. Christmann: It’s neither its cash flow in the portfolio of what the dollar amount is so it's simply cash flow. We got more - there is lot’s of wells we could drill in the Eagle Ford right now, but it’s purely just a function of we aren't going to tap our balance sheet to develop production.
John J. Christmann: Well, Jeff, thank you. Two things. Number one, we do have excellent results and high hopes for Canada, and but there's two things. Montney wells we are going to be completing. There are little more dashing than the Duverney, and the Duverney wells have great economics, we will be completing the - we got a seven well pad there it’s testing two different spacings. We will be completing those in the third quarter of this year. It’s simply a function of cash flow in Canada is limiting how much we're spending in Canada so that's why and obviously with the winter drilling season we've come in very hot in Canada and actually Canada is going to be a slight out spend versus cash flow. So it’s purely same answer again. It’s cash flow driven is what's causing us to do that and the good news is after these two wells we had to hold acreage in the Montney we don't have any acreage problems in Canada this fall. And obviously if prices change going in third or fourth quarter you could see us decide to step back up. But we will right now, the plan would be not to do anything.
John J. Christmann: Yes I would – we have not disclosed the well counts in terms of lay that much detail out in terms of the plan. We kind of hit on rigs and we have a couple hundred wells in addition to those and I mean, if we want to get back with them later Gary or something on details.
John J. Christmann: You can do it, you can probably do the math on the rigs, but the other factor is there costs are coming down, so it’s not straight linear math.
John J. Christmann: That’s another things, I don’t have that detail for you. I’m just giving you a general on North America.
John J. Christmann: Well it works fine on our end. I mean basically it's a function of how we spread the completions out. We've come in hot. We've got with Canada having completed it, you're not going to be completing those Duvernay wells until the third quarter. The math works. It's just a function of we pushed a lot of completions back and we'll bring them on at the appropriate time. But there's nothing baked in beyond, there's no capital increase. There's no oil price increase, you know we wouldn't be very smart to do that.
John J. Christmann: I mean I think the point is we would be opportunistic. I mean we see a potentially if things stay where they are there's a lot of folks that are significantly out spending. There is a lot of clocks on acreage. We're seeing things pop-up right now and for drilling a well we can earn pretty big acreage blocks. I think there's just a lot of opportunity that could surface and we would expect to surface.
John J. Christmann: John I mean that’s one of the things we’ve looked very heavily at and we think it makes a lot of sands and quite frankly we should have done it a while back. So we would like to think that you can do that.
John J. Christmann: Yes, I mean as I mentioned we are going to have one rig pretty much dedicated. We will be drilling some Woodford wells. We've got about 200,000 acres gross 50,000 net so we will be active there with that and we’ve also got some really look in economic prospects in some of our other plays. So its juts simply budgeting our capital there, but you will see some more Woodford wells from us.
John J. Christmann: We have been working to fill in and bolter on our position, but that’s relevant for all of our key areas where we would be active drilling. End of Q&A
