Steve Riney: Thank you, John. I'd like to provide a bit more color around Apache's fourth-quarter results, debt management efforts in 2020, and our outlook for 2021. As noted in our news release issued yesterday under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Apache reported a fourth-quarter 2020 consolidated net income of $10 million. On a fully diluted basis, we incurred a loss of $16 million or $0.04 per diluted common share. These results include items that are outside of core earnings. Excluding these items, the adjusted loss was $20 million or $0.05 per share. Company-wide adjusted production for the quarter was 365,000 BOEs per day, a 7% decrease from the third quarter. This was driven by declines in the Permian Basin and Egypt, where we felt the impacts of reduced activity levels after the first-quarter cut in capital spending. These declines were partially offset by increased North Sea production primarily associated with the timing of work-over activity. These operating expenses of $269 million for the quarter were below guidance but did rise a bit from the third quarter. G&A expense of $76 million was at the low end of our guidance range. This was also an increase from the third quarter but mostly due to mark-to-market accounting treatment of certain stock compensation programs. Entering 2020, one of our key financial goals for the year was to retain free cash flow to reduce debt. While the collapse in oil prices made this significantly more challenging, the decisive actions we took to reduce our capital program cut operating and overhead costs, decreased our dividend, and numerous smaller actions enabled Apache to avoid further leveraging its balance sheet. We also took some important steps to rearrange the bond maturity profile and to create a cleaner runway for the next few years. Through a combination of discounted open market repurchases, tender offers, and call options, we reduced shorter-term bond maturities by $600 million with only minor changes to our average maturity profile and coupon rate. We now have only $336 million of bonds maturing before November 2025. We still intend to reduce debt levels through free cash flow retention, and if oil and gas prices sustain anywhere near current levels, we will make substantial progress in 2021. Further to the 2021 outlook, as John stated, we are planning an upstream capital budget of approximately $1.1 billion with the primary goals of advancing our exploration and appraisal activities in Suriname and stabilizing global oil production around fourth quarter 2020 levels. At this point, it looks like our planned capital program will fall just a bit short of stabilizing oil production. But we continue to look for ways to get more out of those investments. More specifically, to our production profile for 2021, we expect US Oil output to decline in the first quarter. This is primarily attributable to 9 days of extensive Permian Basin shut-ins during the recent freeze event as well as the timing of Permian DUC completions during the quarter. Consequently, we expect a significant rebound in US Oil volumes during the second and third quarters before backing off a bit in the fourth quarter to a rate similar to fourth quarter of 2020. Internationally, we anticipate continued declines for the year compared to fourth quarter 2020 levels as upstream capital investment remains below maintenance levels and we will incur more downtime in the North Sea for scheduled maintenance turnarounds. In 2021, we are projecting LOE to rise approximately 7% year-over-year, which primarily reflects the impact of some cost deferrals from 2020. This includes items such as increased work-over spending and platform maintenance in the North Sea. We also expect to see some higher foreign currency exchange impacts associated with the weakening US dollar. G&A will also rise a bit this year to a run rate of around $75 million per quarter. In closing, we are cautiously optimistic for a year of improved oil and gas prices. Even if we fall a bit from the current strip with a very conservative approach to capital budgeting, we should generate significant free cash flow for debt reduction. And with that, I will turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Steve Riney: Yes. Well, I think actually the 2021 amount is probably the more normal amount, because what we've done is, we've just deferred some stuff out of 2020 into 2021. We're not necessarily doubling up a lot of stuff. There could be a little bit in there. So you're probably in the low single digits in terms of the band of error there in terms of doubling up some expense into 2021. I don't think it's got a material effect.
Steve Riney: Not necessarily a specific debt level target. My target is as low as possible. So longer term, we've said this before, we're trying to get back to something below 2, approaching 1.5 times debt to EBITDA. We were getting close in 2019 and then 2020 happened. It looks like this year at $55 WTI, we're going to be approaching 2 again. At the current strip, we'd actually be below 2. And that's what the current level of debt. And we should be able to generate a significant amount of free cash flow. At anything $55 or above, there's going to be a huge amount of free cash flow. We're planning on being free cash flow positive for a few 100 million at $45. So 2020-ish [ph] collapse in oil price, we're going to generate quite a bit of free cash flow this year. So I think we're going to get debt to EBITDA back in the right direction by the end of this year to be quite a bit stronger by the time we enter 2022.
John Christmann: Doug, thanks for the question. The first thing I'll say is, I really don't want to add a lot of color to our partners' commentary, a long timeline. I mean we're aligned with them. What I would say is given that when we made the press release after the Sapakara discovery, we said that it merited consideration for fast track and had those key ingredients. So it shouldn't come as a surprise that the very first appraisal well is doing exactly that. We've always talked about the first four wells and I'll go back and talk about Maka, Sapakara, KwasKwasi, and now Keskesi. It is really four different deep-water turbidite channels systems. They are placed where potentially you could do some overlap and so forth as you start to think about development. So the nice thing about where that first well is placed, Sapakara West. Number 2, is it will be appraising both aspects of Sapakara and we get to see some KwasKwasi? So, it shouldn't come as a surprise and we're obviously anxious to get the results. When we think about the appraisal program, it's just the next step following exploration. In terms of scale, those are the things we wanted to term through the appraisal program. So I don't want to get into discussions on that at this point, but we're going to be looking to determine things like flow rates, connectivity, those types of things, boundaries, things we might see as you work through this. So we're anxious to get on with it and quite frankly excited with how quickly Total has grabbed the hold and is running with it.
John Christmann: Yes, I mean the thing I would say is, I'm really proud of what our asset teams and our operation staff have been able to accomplish. I mean in a really tough environment with COVID-19 and a lot more protocols added, I cannot say enough good things about our organization and all the hard work that has taken place and you see that, you saw in our cost structure reductions, you see it in these numbers. Not only did we reduce all the drilling rigs in the US, we dramatically cut the work-over rigs in the US and then the other areas as well. And it just goes to show you what the focus and the effort we're putting on it. This year, we did pick up a rig in the Permian. It's the one that made a lot of sense to pick up. We plan to add another rig mid-year and we're going to be just short as I said in the commentary. We probably need to add another one but we don't plan to do that right now to be able to kind of hold our oil production. We're just short of the activity levels in Egypt to kind of hold it, and North Sea is going to be lumpy and we're kind of in that range now, where we think we can manage it between 55 and 60; it's just going to be a lumpy profile with the turnarounds and the types of projects we're bringing on through subsea tie-backs in the Beryl area. But, really, kind of hats off to the operational staff on the asset teams because we're really managing things on cash flow and managing the cost structure really hard, and it's amazing what that's done as a result to the oil curves
John Christmann: Well, Bob, what I would say is, number one, the Chalk money was not appraisal, right. It's development capital. It's an area where we've got leases that are expiring. We had some wells, we had to make a decision there to either drill those wells or let the acreage go. It's not exploration capital. So, we feel good about we've been participating an offset well, so the first thing I would say there. Then, when we look at Suriname, you're right, there are two buckets, but it really will hinge on the types of wells that we're drilling. The exploration wells will be 50/50. And at this phase of our joint venture, the appraisal wells will be 12.5% and so we really didn't break that bucket out. Clearly, the first appraisal well, we're paying 12.5%, and clearly, we're paying 50% of Keskesi. But that dollar amount doesn't change much for where it has been last year when we were running a rig at 50/50 the whole time,
John Christmann: I mean, they actually have that election at the time you FID a project. So we've got some time there. I think they would like to participate. That is what we've always planned on from the get go. But we would obviously be in a position to take additional interest if you get there. But they would come in on a point-forward basis at FID.
John Christmann: Yes, Jeanine. Right now, our appetite is generating free cash flow that we can set aside for debt repayment. And we're just pointing out that to really stabilize Permian, we do need to add another rig. There may be an opportunity in Egypt, but right now, like I said, we're going to be very disciplined on the capital and we would just be very measured, and right now the appetite is to generate free cash flow for debt repayment.
John Christmann: Yes, there is a small bit there, Jeanine. I mean where we're starting to go through the work and scoping out our 3D seismic shoot. So there is a little bit of money in there, but it is not a lot that it would be captured.
John Christmann: Bob, I don't know what happened because there is a list here. So I would say the operator puts you back in. But if you want to ask one since we've done it. I would say, I ask it. But we weren't trying to step over anybody else. But there is a list here.
John Christmann: Yes, I would just say, our partner is pretty confident in the rock, I mean I'll just leave it at that. I mean we've got four exploration wells now, we've been taking our time with those, collecting a lot of data, we've gone sidewall cores, we've done a lot of PBT analysis. They're not well more than we intend to use. But we've been gathering a lot of data as we've gone along, and we've been doing a lot of lab work subsequent. So, I'll just leave it at that. I mean clearly, we will be doing flow tests with the appraisal program as the other piece, Bob. But I'll leave it there. I don't want to by no means want to do anything but state we're going to the next phase. And I don't want to try to add any commentary to the timeline that our partners talked about. But we are moving on the appraisal wells that we think could be fast-tracked.
John Christmann: I mean, all we really say here is, there's two rigs. I would say that nine wells is their whole portfolio. But we've got two rig programs here that I would say. We drilled three plus wells with one rig line last year on the exploration front. Some of the appraisal wells could go quicker because you've now got penetrations in the basin. But some of these might take longer because of flow test and things. So I would just say we haven't given that color. We've just said, kind of, think of it as an exploration rig line program and an appraisal program, and we're going to move on them concurrently.
John Christmann: No, I mean we do not have it planned. It's not in the plan, and obviously if it is not in the plan, it wouldn't be in our guidance. So we were just making the reference point that we're just shy on the oil side and we would likely need one more rig in the Permian, which right now we do not plan to add, I want to be really clear there. It is not in our guidance.
John Christmann: No, Scott. There is no doubt. I mean you've got resource there, we've gone in and done a couple of DUCs, which we said there are the first two we've done. They're performing very nicely. I think we've got five more DUCs. It will finish the DUC program with later this spring. So there is opportunity there to potentially bring in some capital. I mean what we've got right now with where our capital budget is, it's pretty tight. So we don't plan to add any, but there is opportunities to potentially look at some things out there.
John Christmann: I mean, I'd just say that there is a lot of things we always work on that you don't spell out. But I'll just leave it at that. It's something that we might be working on or would be thinking about, but there's nothing we've got set up or planned in the activity set.
John Christmann: No, I mean the returns there are good. It's just that things shift as you move higher, right. And you get to a point in there where inventory in the US and the Permian actually spends over and be more attractive. So we're not in that range. I mean we're at a point today, if you go back and look last year, we put out some priority sheets that kind of showed investment levels with some price decks and kind of at 50 was where we considered Permian. I mean there's nothing that's changed off that to those priorities that we put out there.
John Christmann: Yes, Brian, I mean the nice thing is as you start shifting more dollars into appraisal and development with the carriers really kicking in. So those numbers don't go up, so it doesn't hinder. I mean that's part of why we structured that deal in the first place. It's really the exploration rigs that drive because of the 50-50. Obviously as you shift into development and assume a new FID something, then your dollars will go up but I mean it's not going to be something we can manage. It's not something that's going to take away capital from other areas.
John Christmann: Yes. I mean, I'd say today, Brian, we're not thinking about trying to be nimble there and I add, right, I mean we pulled our plan. Actually, the rig we picked up in Permian, we've been paying standby rates on. So it made a lot of sense for us to pick that rig up. And when we reduced last year, we drastically reduced. In fact, like I said, we were paying some standby rate. So we're not really motivated right now to try to be nimble and pick up incremental capital, we're just pointing out kind of where those things would be. But, I mean, right now, I think Steve especially wants to see some dollars come in that we can earmark for debt repayment.
John Christmann: Yes, great question. I mean, you know, when we talk about Block 58 in the first place, we laid out more than a handful of different play types and quite frankly our first three play types are all upper Cretaceous. Campanian. Santonian are the first two and then the third one is actually [indiscernible] which is also upper Cretaceous. We attempted to get down to the Maka [ph], but we were unable to do to pressure. With the Neocomian, it is actually a lower Cretaceous target. You know, when I talk about the upper Cretaceous, Campanian and Santonian, they're really deep-water channel and turbidite [ph]. But the Neocomian is lower Cretaceous and it's more shallow-water carbonate reef buildups and so in others. I will tell you that we're not through the first two targets. We've got to Neocomian targets to test in Keskesi. What we have to do is swap out the BOPs. And so we're in the process of doing that. We'll be back to drilling, but these are carbonate reefs. They're pretty visible on the seismic, but this will be the first test for us, and this was an optimal place to go on down through the source rock to the Neocomian, and we're anxious to see. But it is exploration, they're visible. If it were to work and bear the right fluids, then it sets up a whole string of these that are down there. So it's a play concept test. And this just was the logical best place to do the first test for the Neocomian.
John Christmann: No. I mean, I'd say when we've got multiple domains across the block. I mean, what you've got to understand is with the geology here, there are play types that are present in as you start thinking about other play types in those portion of the block that are present in some areas but not everywhere. So it gets back down to what the settings where like when it was laid down and I said this was lower Cretaceous, it's more shallow water carbonate reef buildups. And so there's probably a trend of those. There is a trend that moves across our block. But we're focused mainly on our block. And this is the first one, obviously it is exploration. So obviously the chance of success you put in there is likely not going to work. But if it does work, it does set up some more targets for us. But it is an exploration well for a reason. It is a play concept, but if it happens to work, we've got more of these on the block that would be additive and potentially could become part of whatever you did in terms of an FID somewhere down the road.
John Christmann: No, we're pretty quick. The nice thing about Western Desert is we've got good infrastructure. I think the most important thing with [ph] is it proves concept with the new seismic because it's something that we would not have seen with seismic [ph], and while it's a very nice discovery, we need to do some flow testing and things to figure out if there is offsets and how many. Most importantly, it's proof of concept and we've got some other key wells that are on the rig schedule that are coming pretty soon. So, it's just further validation of the time we've invested over the last few years with selling together more acreage, shooting the seismic, and really refining some of our interpretation skills on what we're doing there. So it's just a lens into the rock, which you would have seen otherwise, and that's what we're excited about.
John Christmann: Well, I mean I think the key there is, we're in pretty good rhythm, if you look at what we did last year, we had two platform crews, they're actually one at Beryl and one at Forties, we started alternating those. We're in a pretty good cadence of projects. With the one rig, we've been doing what we could do in terms of prioritizing. We've got a really nice discovery there with [indiscernible]. Yes, I think we're in a good place with where we are. A really good cadence. And when you look at our other types of opportunities across the portfolio while the margins are really good there, I think we're investing and we're showing good work and now we've got a tertiary project that we're going to work on, not ready to talk about yet. But I think we're in a good cadence in the North Sea.
John Christmann: No, I mean we've got a good solid business there. We've built it over 25 years now. You know, we reduced activity when we had to everywhere. I think there's the opportunity as Steve mentioned, we've got a lot of opportunity in Egypt. I think the new seismic and the new acreage is going to open some things up and there is more to do there. But we're always working on preserving cash flow and those cash margins everywhere. And that's something we've been working on across the entire portfolio.
John Christmann: Yes, I mean I would say it's how you could think about it, right. I mean, definitely it's all carbonate reefs working a shallow water environment.
John Christmann: Yes, thank you. I really want to close the following key points. Despite the recent run in oil prices, our priorities have not changed. We remain focused on funding projects that provide the best returns over the longer term. Maintaining a balanced portfolio, generating free cash flow to pay down debt, and continuing to move our program forward. We are taking a very measured approach with our 2021 capital program and you've seen that through the Q&A today. We ended 2020 with zero rigs in the Permian, and the combination of higher WTI prices and lower service costs, make this an appropriate time to restart a very modest drilling program. Our goal is not to pursue growth but to sustain oil production beyond 2021. Our program in Suriname is progressing well. The transition to total as operator has gone smoothly, and we are aligned with our partner on both the appraisal and exploration programs, and most importantly the objective of achieving first oil as quickly and as safely as possible. We look forward to updating you on our continued progress throughout the year. Thank you.
Dave Pursell: Yes, Harry, this is Dave Pursell. So, when we think about maintenance in the Permian, we're thinking about it on the oil side. And so when we talk about three rigs, we're thinking about what it takes to keep oil production flat. And we're going to run that map at Alpine. I think when you look at the forward curve on gas and NGLs, even though we have preliminarily positive results from the two DUCs that are flowing back now, given where the oil prices are, it's unlikely in a limited capital budget that those compete within the Apache budget, but if there're economic, we're open to think about partnering with someone to help us move Alpine forward.
Dave Pursell: Yes, this is Dave again, Guillermo. We've been patient as we've watched this play develop. We have a big acreage positions legacy, we participate in some non-op wells, and we have high expectations, which is why we're drilling these. But again, John said it, it allows us to preserve the optionality of this, again to bring in some additional capital if we choose to.
Dave Pursell: This is Dave again. I think when you look at, particularly in the Permian, you look at the way unconventionals behave. I'm sorry I misunderstood the question. Yes, in Egypt, it's a combination of activity and where we're focused. We have a pretty significant work-over program there that is also really bringing in behind pipe resource. So as production declines, you tend to have an easier time holding it stable. So that's the way the math works there in Egypt.
Dave Pursell: Sorry, before we go to the next, if I could just add a bit to that, I'd say that in the $50 to $60 Brent range we've still got plenty of running room where price continues to add meaningful amount of value to the Egypt opportunities. So we're not near any type of ceiling on value opportunities in Egypt, nowhere near that.
Dave Pursell: Yes. Let's talk about the Permian for a minute. We've given some numbers on base decline in the past, I don't have those at the tip of my fingers, but you know how unconventionals work. As you anniversary in the big first year production decline, you start to moderate the declines on the unconventional and then we have an obviously big legacy position. So think about third or more of our Permian production is a very shallow decline that was Central Basin Platform-type well. So we have an advantaged position. We never got into that super-size growth mode in the Permian. So the first-year declines that we anniversaried in weren't as big as others. So when we look at the capital required for sustaining production, it's kind of in that 3 rig level and you'll see the similar analysis if we look at Egypt as well. It's a bit more conventional declines but you'll see as overall production declines moderate it becomes easier to hold production at those levels. So don't have numbers in front of me, but that's directionally why the maintenance capital is probably lower today than what we've talked about in the past.
David Heikkinen: Good morning. And first and foremost - yours fared well through the freeze and thaw; it sounds like you did so, that sounds good.
David Heikkinen: Also just a couple of quick hits, kind of good luck with the Neocomian. It sounds like, I could characterize it as a string of pearls-type prospect or trend that you hit this one and then you'll have other high spots that are just going to follow along the same depth position.
David Heikkinen: And then just, Dave, you kind of hit on some of the base decline tempering and you had it in the slides, I don't think I heard an answer as far as you got the sustainably low level of CapEx and you have a base [ph] declined tempering in 2021. Can you put any numbers to that tempering as you roll into 2022, your sustaining CapEx, sounds like it might go down and your operating expenses don't sound like they would go up some? So I'm trying to think of how things temper through the year.
