G. Steven Farris: And I don't think I have to say good afternoon, but good afternoon, everyone. Again. We had a great quarter and as I mentioned in the silent part of this, it was -- we set a new record year. We had record production of 752,000 barrels of oil equivalent in a day, which is 50% was liquids. The bulk of that was oil. We had record cash flow, as Patrick pointed out, of $2.7 billion, which on an annualized basis gets us real close to $11 billion for the year. We reduced our debt by $650 million and we funded it our very ambitious investment program. Rod is going to point out a little later, we had an excellent drilling results across the wide portfolio of exploration and development plays around the world during the quarter. And on the project side, we had achievements of positive final divestment decision on our Australian Wheatstone LNG development, a major long-term project with Chevron, it was a visible value over a long period of time, 20 years, with no decline in its -- it's based on oil-linked revenue. Importantly, Wheatstone is really a growth platform, which will provide us multiple additional phases of development that we can bring additional gas in from other discoveries in the Carnarvon Basin. At the opposite end of the Pacific, we obtained a 20-year export license for our proposed Kitimat LNG project on the West Coast of Canada, which is the other long-term oil-linked project in our portfolio. And that moves us closer to our final investment decision there, which should hopefully happen first half of next year. And on the strategic side, we announced the addition of ExxonMobil North Sea business. We added that to our North Sea portfolio, which is a major legacy asset, which has tremendous potential for value upside through the same things that we did at our Forties Field in exploitation capabilities and really geophysical technology. All of that actually happened in a single quarter. Obviously, for us, it's very exciting but what's ahead of us is also very exciting. As market fluctuates, the cash flow strength of our portfolio and the robustness of our balance are key strengths of our company. We're in a position to build 2 major oil-linked projects, Wheatstone and Kitimat, because of the strength of our existing assets, and what Apache's do every day to focus on coming up with efficiencies and economic opportunities in which to grow our production. Every workover and recompletion in the Anadarko Basin, and every discovery in Egypt or the Gulf of Mexico shelf, which is quickly tied in, turns into cash flow to help fund these long-term projects. And as we have launched one of these LNG projects, we're getting ready to embark upon the second one. And it's important to underline that we continue to emphasize our core business, which is bringing value out of our daily operations, which really enables our shareholders to be able to invest in these long-term projects. That, in the future, will provide steady visible cash stream for decades to come. As I'm sure many of you are aware, we're also stepping up our exploration activity, and we have always been an exploration company. If you look at some of the things we've done in Australia, Egypt, and our international shales, all of those were key positions that we built through explorations. What we're now able to do with our enlarged financial and talent resource is to spread out a bit more and take more exploration risks. And you will to some of the elements of that strategy are already taking shape. And we're building a serious exploration business in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico. We have 110 exploration blocks. We are now the largest acreage holder in the Cook Inlet of Alaska. We're running a big 3D seismic shoot there as we speak. Hopefully, we'll be drilling a well there next year. We're in the Deepwater Canyon. We're drilling oil prospects there next year also. We're an early mover in the unconventional oil play in New Zealand, which ultimately could provide access to about 1.7 million gross acres. All of these opportunities have the potential to be very material to our shareholders from a contribution standpoint. If you look at our history, there is nothing new to any of this. Apache has added a new core area to its portfolio every couple of years over time and build a real business with real value in each one of them. We intend to continue to do that and as well, we continue to squeeze value out of our existing assets to recompletions, workovers and efficiencies.  And with that, I'd like turn it over to Rod Eichler, our President, Chief Operating Officer, to provide operating highlights, and I'd urge him to turn on his mic.
G. Steven Farris: Frankly, we -- hopefully, by the midyear. We're shooting our 3D as we speak, actually. Hopefully, get to the first pass of some field cubes in the first quarter of next year. But that whole play is all about oil. I mean, we're looking at all the oil plays there and if you look at a [indiscernible] curve of the amount of activities that was in the Cook Inlet before Prudhoe Bay was found and afterward, it just goes flat. So truthfully, we're very excited about the potential of finding reserves with 3D seismic. There's been very little 3D seismic shot out there.
G. Steven Farris: Well, I happen to be the chairman of the U.S. Egyptian Business Council and that was in D.C. at a council meeting. I think what I said is between $1 billion and $1.5 billion, which is about -- we're going to spend $1 billion this year and next year, it'll probably be the same. We got 25 rigs running there and we continue to be very active in terms of drilling wells and increasing production. Nothing's changed there, really, for us.
G. Steven Farris: Now that you have been there, I might just elaborate. We'll be looking for some of that deep gas in South Louisiana. We have a huge mineral acreage position there and we've got 3D seismic over. So there's a number of plays that are coming through there. I think that well that Rod mentioned is about 28,000-foot well that we are not operating in, but that's going to be a future for us there also.
G. Steven Farris: And a little bit of it is capital because I can't say enough -- if you recall where we were a year ago, when we were talking about what 2011 was going to look like, I mean, we projected to pay down debt, we paid $650 million down this quarter. I think we paid $400 million down the quarter before that. Because when we bought BP, we put ourselves a goal out there to be at about $7.5 billion or thereabout the end of this year. And I think what you're seeing is, is we've been slow to ramp up that activity just because we've got other needs for cash right now. So I think for 2012, what you'll see is, is a start to increase the activity level there and then it will be subject to people and rigs. But right now, it's a capital constraint, though, because we're going to pay down debt first before the end of the year.
G. Steven Farris: Yes, I think what your going -- I think you're going to see, I think they've have announced here recently what the schedule is for the parliamentary and the Shura Council, which is the grand congressional oversight basically, like the Senate in the U.S., the Shura Council. And those are going to take place over a 3-month period, starting I think November 28 and they're going to stagger those across the country. So you won't see final Shura Council elections, I think, until about the middle of March. There is some question as to whether or not the Presidential election will follow immediately or will it be a little time afterward. So you're going -- it's going to be an evolution going forward. And I think, honestly, I think that is a very practical way to go about doing it, because they are evolving into a true democracy and I think you see it in everything that you do and I don't think like anything it's always up and to the right because there are times when things kind of get jagged. But in the scheme of things, they've done a very good job and I don't know why that doesn't continue.
G. Steven Farris: Well, I'll let -- Rod mentioned a little bit about the permitting. I think we've got our first exploration permit as Apache and we're securing a rig. The one thing I would say is, is that all of these things are connected to everything else because rigs are based on cost. And as you see more activity, you're going to see increased cost, you're going to see increased term, which means people are going to have to decide how in the hell they see that. So we're going to be active in the Deepwater. We haven't put that in our plans in terms of hard numbers because we're still trying to understand what's going on with permitting, et cetera. But over time, it is going to be a query from us from an exploration standpoint and the production standpoint. And what's happened out there really has been a benefit to us because we're learning something. And you got to go out into -- we're settled up to some good operators with Anadarko and some other folks. So we're very comfortable with where we are.
G. Steven Farris: I've mentioned, too, John that part of this Gas Plus program, this clearly recent program, so kind of gaining its sea legs. Here at floor, a lot of that Gas Plus has gone to quasi-government-owned type electrical generation companies. And now, it's starting to branch out into the rest of industry. So we're very pleased to see of late that's beginning to take hold within a broader industry within the country. And as that continues to pick up, then there'll be more and more of that Gas Plus market that we'll be able to tie our production into.
G. Steven Farris: Well, don't know in total. Certainly, you probably are going to see a couple of operated wells -- I mean, a couple of operated wells out of us a year and then whatever our activity level is from our non-operated.
G. Steven Farris: Then I must just add that one difference between Egypt and other countries around them is Egypt really uses all this product in the country that have tremendous growth and use of domestic natural gas about 12% per year for over 5 years. They are right on the cusp of having to import crude oil, they actually import products now. So they need companies that invest in refined oil and gas and we've had a very good relationship there.
G. Steven Farris: I don't think about it. And I don't mean that -- I think that they have a role for some companies and in terms of the way they want to invest, that's really not something that we do. And we have more than opportunities that we can fund right now to take the Permian and what we're doing in Anadarko and what we're doing in Canada. And the stuff that we're doing in the Deepwater, we've got -- we're opportunity-rich and we've got to find what places that we really can add value and that's not looking for [indiscernible].
Rodney J. Eichler: Well, in the, the shallow water area, things have moved along now. This year reveals [indiscernible] including well programs, and we're expecting similar performance next year to go throughout the program. The Deepwater -- things, of course, certainly are slower there since Macondo. Just to give you an idea in the Deepwater areas, it used to take about 45 to 60 days to get a drilling permit approved in the Deepwater. Now, using -- since Macondo, using the [indiscernible] actual data, it takes between 225 and 250 days to get a permit approved all in. So that's -- it's seen some slight improvements in and out of the year, but there's just more additional reorganization regulatory level and the ways to be seen, but that trend will be significantly improving in 2012. I mean, we have been getting permits on our projects, but it's still amazingly slow for the industry.
Rodney J. Eichler: I'd have to look that up and have Patrick get back with you and the exact cost. I mean, these early wells are test-of-concept wells. I mean, we drilled pilot holes, take a lot of cores, we do a lot of petrophysical work, almost research side work and we understand the nature of the resource we are dealing with [indiscernible] because there are very few control points they've been targeting specifically for this shale. That's the purpose of one of the placement of the wells, the type of the work program we have. But I'll have Patrick give you the number after the call.
Rodney J. Eichler: Our programs are -- they range across the coast from South Texas development programs, like at Chafford Ranch [ph], with gas plays around to the South Louisiana myosin plays. We currently have about one well in progress there outside operating at Shalamar and we have -- recently [indiscernible] acquired properties in the quarter from Phoenix, which we're beginning the planning for well exploiting, exploration drilling on those at current time. So we're cutting the early stages of our exploration out there in South Louisiana.
Rodney J. Eichler: What we're talking about, of course, is the -- specifically is wharf area, the landing area in the harbor, with Shell's acquisition in the former [indiscernible] properties. So we had similar land that we own by buying a similar industrial site adjacent to this. It provides us the same type of access. Of course, the actual LNG site itself is about 15 kilometers to the West of this coast, where our facility will be located.
Rodney J. Eichler: Well, I'd say, a little of both. The Permian is a premier oil play in ore 48. It competes very effectively inside the company for its share of capital. And likewise, this year, we'll probably drill about 700 wells total in the Permian, of which about 40 are horizontals. Next year, I expect a similar number or perhaps more total wells and probably over 100 horizontal wells. So our program is definitely focused on increasing the number of horizontal drilling opportunities as the basin yields a large number of opportunities that are unconventional reservoirs that's suitable for horizontal exploitation.
Rodney J. Eichler: We're adding the horizontal, but it's like in the Deadwood area, we've drilled so many wells. In fact, we probably drilled about 200 wells there this year that we've really driven the cost down. So we get more wells per $1 divested in our drilling program by wide margin that we cut the drilling time almost in half in the last 30 months.
Rodney J. Eichler: Right now, it's just performing in the last 60 days in about, typically, about 30,000 and 32,000 barrels a gross production in which we probably reflective of ongoing field performance on natural -- the other field recurring basis. So borrowing some mechanical upset, dealing with compression or the swivel of beyond that, expect to see a normal decline through that time period before heading to dry dock to do significant repairs to the vessel. That time, we'll be able to bring the vessel back into the field to not only produce Van Gogh but also tie into our constant field development, which is adjacent to the Van Gogh field.
Rodney J. Eichler: Well, we did lot of work on the vessel this fall. We had a lot of downtime in 2011 in the second quarter associated -- in the first quarter, associated with these repairs. We've made good progress on those. [indiscernible] temporary repairs. They've got very good production levels exceeding our expectations. Those have been performing namely for the last 60 to 90 days. I think this kind of changed our approach. I really [indiscernible] the project going forward to the change from 2012 to 2013.
Rodney J. Eichler: It's a combination of both the equipment, as well as good qualified personnel, our experienced personnel. It's an industry [indiscernible] problem across the entire basin.
Rodney J. Eichler: With regard to how it fits into the 100,000 barrel they got, it's on top of my head, I'm not sure what that comp would be like. But to give you an idea, I mean, it's certainly be a positive addition to the goal itself and we've had some really good results of the drilling side this year that will add nicely to the goal. But the pipeline itself, after you had [indiscernible] and fully evaluate the [indiscernible] results, actually was a much better condition than we were expecting. There are about 2 dozen places along the line scattered across the entire 260 kilometers when that require well loss greater than 50% that require replacement. The total amount of pipes that needed to replace those, in aggregate, it's only about 4 kilometers of 24-inch pipe. The problem is we have to dig it up in about 25 different places to be able to install it, these limited sections of pipe to effect the repairs. But we're very optimistic that can be done in 2012. I mean, we're going to stay on working through the normal bureaucracy [indiscernible] tenders and everything would procure the piping equipment to get the job done as soon as possible. In the meantime, we're looking at moving the gas around other ways we have in the basin. Perhaps, [indiscernible] flow at our [indiscernible] 18-inch gas pipeline and move it back up. There's this plant up in the North, which we have -- where we have mileage. So there's a lot of possibilities. Ultimately, we will have the opportunity to reap the line. There's a possibility to increase the capacity to access the trunk line that's goes to upper Egypt, which is the main national Grid line, a 34-inch line that goes [indiscernible]. To be able to do that, we'll have to add a small amount of compression that the operated lines are sure [indiscernible] higher pressured pipeline environment.
Rodney J. Eichler: I'd say we're making progress toward that goal. We've got 3 years, I believe, that these are ordered 45,000 barrels a day with 100,000 increment.
Rodney J. Eichler: Well, we still have a significant effort on bringing the BP assets in the door and integrating the land position, understanding exactly what BP owned and just what's interested the level of development. However, we're checking with plays on it [indiscernible] the way we return basis in places where we had drilling obligations, of course, they're the highest priority other places. We're not really focused specifically on the BP projects. It's really the best opportunities are to achieve the best value for the dollars we're investing. Of course, BP assets are significant part of our position in the Permian Basin, and I expect that we will continue to expand on those properties as time goes by. Right now, our biggest part of our development in the Permian has been focused in the Deadwood area, which is a former Mariner property. So it's bit of very core assets of 100,000 acres that we have to exploit that area.
Rodney J. Eichler: Well, our program in Argentina is pretty much tied to our investment level and cash flow in that country at present time. But most of the drilling program is focused partly on our base development of our existing properties, which also includes horizontal drilling in our conventional reservoirs and where we have Gas Plus contracts. And another half is exploration projects dealing with testing the unconventional reservoirs in the [indiscernible] and block [indiscernible] shales principally. I expect to see additional wells, horizontal wells drilled in the shales as a follow up to this year's test-of-concept program in some of these concessions we have. And since we don't have the results of those key vertical wells yet and we won't be able to have those completions underway until probably really the first quarter next year, it's still hard to say what the exact global activity would be.
Rodney J. Eichler: From an operating standpoint, it really is, really it's been business as usual. Right through the revolution, the week of the revolution, you can look at our production curve over the last 12 months you'd be hard pressed to point at the curve and say when you think the revolution take place. We've had growing production, as I indicated. So the bureaucracy there is a little slower than normal, I have to say, because there's some confusion again on [indiscernible]  [Audio Gap]  following the concession agreements as they always have and the field operations continue as they have and this announcement is a good round. We haven't had a lot of those for a long time [indiscernible] because this is very encouraging and the terms of government [indiscernible] out are consistent with a big round we've seen in the recent past, including the blocks we have ourselves. So these are all good signs. For the financial standpoint, they haven't missed a beat [indiscernible] on paying us or permitting around our exports for our contracts, everything is working very nicely.
