John J. Christmann: Bob, good afternoon. Right now, the first connections have been to the north. We've got one central processing facility up there that's up and running. So we've got just a handful of wells that we're bringing on initially. We're significantly ahead of schedule. And so, we've started in the north, but it will expand pretty quickly.
John J. Christmann: It will be a pretty small number. I mean, actually, right now, we're curtailed by what we nominated. We are flowing close to 20 million cubic feet a day and we'll ramp pretty quickly to the 50 million cubic feet.
John J. Christmann: Ed, we've taken, as you know, a very disciplined approach and all of our wells have been specifically designed to kind of mirror each other in terms of the completion. So they've been, what we call, test wells. They've had relatively strong small fracs, very few stages. And we've done that purposefully, so that with the changes we can see what the rock was telling us, not as you start getting real fancy on your completion. So the nice thing is, we said earlier, this year we were transitioning. And by getting the infrastructure on it, it lets us flow gas early and start to sell some liquids as well. But more importantly now, we're not going to be limited by flaring and other things. So we've transitioned. As we start to bring some of those wells on and start to disclose some of those rates, we'll start to give some of the comparisons. But we expect a pretty material uptick from what we've been using as our standard completion.
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean, if you look at what we did this year, we (41:04) for the back half of the year to protect us at $50, which is our plan. So we feel really good about this year's capital program because we've got a lot more exposure to oil price than we do gas price. We do have $1.5 billion of cash on hand. We sold $440 million of predominantly non-producing acreage, some things that we weren't going to get to for a long time, probably five, six years, if ever. And so, that's helped us. I think the big thing is, is we've taken a very measured approach. I mean, we've got a very robust inventory and our guys are chomping it a bit to do more on the capital side, but we've just taken a pretty measured approach. We want to be focused on the cost side, focused on the discipline and ramp up slowly, which is kind of the approach we've taken. So we feel good about where we sit right now with where commodity prices are. Again, there are some other things we can do as we continue to look at the portfolio, but we feel really good about where the balance sheet is. I don't know, if you want to add anything, Steve? Okay.
John J. Christmann: The thing I would say, Brian, is it's a live product for us. As we continue to get more data, it becomes more expansive. The best thing I would say is, look to the guidance. If you go back to the start of the year, we gave you Midland and Delaware and we gave you a look through the fourth quarter of 2018. And, obviously, we've got a lot of wells that we're drilling. We drilled over 40 wells. With the three we announced today, we've now disclosed I think 19 results. And we're starting to bring some of those on, and we've got a lot of wells that are in the queue. They're either flowing back now, shut-in and waiting to be produced, being completed, or drilling. So I think it's going to be an exciting next couple quarters for us as we bring forward a lot more information. But we are very optimistic, as we stated, about the parasequences, the Wolfcamp and the Bone Springs. We've done a lot of integrated work on the geology, the modeling, integrating 3-D seismic; done a lot of work. And I think we've done our homework and we've got some exciting appraisal wells that are in progress.
John J. Christmann: Brian, most of the wells that – after we've kind of stabilized test rates on them, we shut most of the wells in. So we have not been producing those. I mean, when you're flaring gas without the ability to sell the gas, then you'd be paying royalty that did not make sense. So we shut most of those wells in. And, obviously, this week we've started to open some wells back up. So we're very anxious to produce. I can tell you, the early responses look really good. A lot of flush liquids and some exciting stuff.
John J. Christmann: No. Well, first of all, Scott, it's oil; it's not a condensate. It's very stable. And, yes, it fell in line with our models. So no surprises. The gas BTU content gets heavier as we move up and the oil gravities are getting lower as well, which is a really positive sign. I think one of the keys for us will be getting things into the processing facilities. When you're catching (45:45) on those, it's hard sometimes and there is room for error within those test samples. But everything really, really fits our maturity model and our geologic models very tightly. So we're very excited about the predictability in the transgressive source intervals.
John J. Christmann: No, those wells have been flowing over the last several days. And so, we have been flowing those wells. And, quite frankly, we will be able to move the into facilities pretty early this quarter.
John J. Christmann: No, it looked good. I mean, we're very excited about it. So one of the keys is, we need to get the facilities, get everything tied in and run them through properly, because then we can really start to dial down in what these things are going to do. But we're very encouraged, and it was predictable to see as we moved up the column with the lower temperature. We knew they were going to get more oily, which is the case. And there's a lot of real estate above us and a lot of other zones to test as well. So, I mean, it's very exciting.
John J. Christmann: Yes. John, it's early. We've got some time. I mean, it's really an option for us. So as we start to pull the processing facilities, get them all up and running, that's one of the things we've got tabled to make a decision on. Really, we could pull the trigger on it at any time, but we will look at what's optimal. I mean, the nice thing about this resource play is we've got a wide range from pretty much dry gas in some areas up to the north, to very, very wet gas. So I don't envision it being an all-or-nothing decision on the cryo, and it's just one of the things we've got tabled to do later.
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean, what I would say, Phillip is, is obviously since we put the play together grassroots, did a lot of work upfront, went out and leased what we felt like we wanted, shot a massive 3-D over the entire area. I think we like our position. As I said in our comments, we think we've leased the lion's share of the Alpine High. So, clearly, there's a lot of other targets and a lot of things, and you see a lot of activity picking up around us. But we like where we are and consciously leased what we wanted to lease.
John J. Christmann: The Kolibrie well was a well we needed to drill. We've learned a lot about the basin from that well and gained some very, very valuable information. Right now, I am also glad that we drilled that well with, what I'll call, 45-cent dollars as we had a 45% interest in it. And our dry hole cost was significantly lower. It came in around $20 million versus a budgeted number of around $37 million, so relatively much cheaper. What I would say is, is we're working on next steps at Block 53. We've got time on Block 58. We've shot the 3-D, we're processing it, we'll have that done sometime this year. We're very encouraged by what we see on Block 58, and we'll just leave that for another date.
John J. Christmann: One of the pluses, Arun, is you don't have a lot of water in the lower source intervals, which is all we've talked about in the economics. So we're not going to have the water handling challenges that you have in northern parts of the basin. Now, if we start to bring forward some of the parasequences, there may be some more water with some of those. And so, that's one of the reasons why we'll bring some of that data forward in the future.
John J. Christmann: Well, we expect those to be awarded some time pretty quick, this month or next month most likely. I think we could be actively planning to drill this fall, is the plan. So we're very, very excited about those concessions. A big uptick. We have not got two new onshore concessions in the Western Desert since 2006. And we see a lot of low-hanging fruit and a lot of really neat stuff to go after. So we're chopping it a bit to get our hands on those concessions. We're going to do a lot for our Egypt inventory.
John J. Christmann: We will have refridge in the processing facilities. We've got one up, it's up and running now, that we are working through, kind of lining it out. So we will be selling NGLs. Have been selling some off to some of these skid-mounted units we've had in the field as well. So, as Steve said, we've kind of been receiving anywhere from 45% to 50% of WTI for those NGLs. And, right now, our plans are for refridge in the field. And with the decision to be made on cryo, as I said, when Mr. Herrlin asked the question, later this year, early next year, sometime in the future on the cryo decision.
John J. Christmann: Well, what I would say, Charles, is targeting is always critical in the productivity side, especially when you have rock like this. I mean, we've got a very provable area down there. We knew the azimuth, because we spud that well. We had done some before we had gotten our 3-D processed and really worked through it. So we knew it was on the wrong azimuth. We disclosed that back in February when we disclosed it, and we knew it would make an impact. So it is one of the key things. And when we talk about – even mentioned it in the press release today – when we talk about moving into more optimization, that's one of the things we're going to be doing, too, is tweaking the targeting. And it matters a lot. And getting things on the right azimuth, that's one of the big pluses to having such a blockey acreage position because we can do this the right way, not trying to drill down lease lines and so forth, like you do in a lot of other plays.
John J. Christmann: It will change based on the geologic setting and it changes within the setting. So it's one of the things that you have to do a lot of integrative work to fully understand, like anything else. But the 3-D is pretty helpful to understanding that and seeing what some of the substructure is doing, is pretty key to understanding that.
John J. Christmann: No, I mean, it's more opportunistically driven. We continue to look at our portfolio. As we build out more optionality and more inventory, there are things that we look at today that in the past we might have thought we would've funded that we won't get to. And so, we don't have anything set out there that we're saying here's what's going to be next. But I'll just say we're actively looking at our portfolio and managing it, and it would be more opportunistically in terms of what we decide to put out there.
John J. Christmann: No, I mean, I think there's an opportunity in some cases to turn it from a win-lose into a win-win. And we've sat down and had some pretty grownup conversations with some of our bigger service providers that do a lot of different things for us and have tried to find ways where you tie things more to the oil price rise, where both sides are happy than you are directly with demand. Because, as you know, as we saw in late-2014 and demand can oftentimes outrun the rise in terms of what the commodity price is doing. So I think we're trying to do some things more in a way that's going to create a win-win or we can put some equipment and crews in place and let them work for a long, long time for both companies and be happy with it.
Stephen J. Riney: Yes. No, we're not at this point disclosing exactly who we're contracting with, but there are lots of player in that area. So you can count on the fact that we're – as I said in my script, we're looking to have a pretty good size portfolio of various solutions on the contracting side, both in terms of transporting product, as well as marketing it to various forms of users. And we do have contractual assurance, as I said, for the vast majority of our volume for 2017, as much as we think we can be capable of producing this year. And part of that contract goes into – or part of the contracting that we've done so far goes into 2018 as well.
Stephen J. Riney: Yes. John, I think ultimately the answer to that is going to be both a strategic answer and a financial answer. I think John is exactly right. By the time we get into – well, into 2018 financially, we'd certainly be capable of monetizing this at a pretty attractive price. And then, it'll come down to the question of strategically is it the right time. And you're exactly right, there's – as I said in my comments, it's strategically important for us to control this at this point in time and the ability to start it up two months early and the flexibility that we have around constructing. It's a pretty sizable project. It's proven to be pretty important that we had complete control over that. So we'll continue to monitor that both strategically and financially, and combined, we'll make the decision as to when and if we monetize it.
Stephen J. Riney: Yes, Arun. This is Steve. I think the best place to go and get that would be in our Barclays pack that we used, the slide deck that we used. Go to that one slide on economics. I think from there you can get the cost per barrel. It's in the fine print on that slide, but be sure you add $500,000 per well for infrastructure costs, because it's included in the economics that we ran, but not included in the well costs that we published on that day. It does give you the $4 million to $6 million per well on the high-end and low-end. Add $500,000 to that, you've got estimated EURs and, therefore, you'll have estimated production mix from that. Today, we're selling oil basically at WTI. We are selling NGLs at about – we've been selling it anywhere from 45% to 50% of WTI. And you could probably use Waha Hub as pricing for the gas. So you'll get a mixed price per barrel equivalent. And I think you can use your typical gas field type of cash costs on the operating side. And I think when you do that, you're going to find a pretty darn attractive ratio of the cost per barrel to cash margin per barrel. That would probably compete with anything you're doing on a more oily basis in the rest of the Permian Basin. You'll see from that why we're so excited about the economics of this wet gas play.
Stephen J. Riney: No. We're not really sharing any of that right now. But I think you can count on the fact that the LOE per Boe is going to be low, especially for the next several years, as we drill some fresh wells, get some flush production going. And it's going to be, I think, a typical LOE on a robust gas field.
Stephen J. Riney: Yes, David. In January, we had an upset at Beryl Alpha and the whole platform went down. We lost about 18 million cubic feet a day for the month of January. And then, we drilled a couple of non-commercial wells, and then we had a couple of wells that under-performed in the first quarter and that's what's causing our issue. But keep in mind we've got a calendar coming online start of the third quarter. We're very excited about that. And then, we had really a tremendous quarter in Egypt with a lot of successes not only in our development program, but in our exploration program. Got 13 wells online there and we've got a number of wells that will be coming online in the second quarter. So as a result of all that, we did not have to do anything with our guidance. We left guidance unchanged for international.
