Timothy J. Sullivan: This is Tim. In the Midland Basin, our shale wells, they're performing in line with our type curves. We really haven't been surprised by the GORs. We understand the producing characteristics of our different areas that we operate in. And our GORs are performing as we would have expected.
Timothy J. Sullivan: Charles, what we've been doing primarily is we've been drilling mile laterals in our three core focus areas; Wildfire, Powell, and Azalea. If you go back to 2016, we changed our completions dramatically since then. And one thing I might note though, if you look at our completed costs from 2016 to today on those mile laterals, our completed well costs have remained relatively unchanged at about $4.5 million. And a lot of that has been the conversion from drilling one-offs to going to pad drilling and getting the efficiencies obviously from batch drilling and the savings that we see there. Going forward, we've got about 30 wells. We've got about five different pads that we anticipate we're going bring online in the second half, and most of those are going be mile and a half type laterals. And we are still doing a little bit of spacing testing and landing zone testing along with this development drilling that we're doing as well. So the completions are still – we're still working on them, and every area is a little bit different, so I don't think we'll ever get to one completion design that will be standardized across the entire play. It's going be tailored to the type of rock that we've got at each field that we have. So it's something that we will continue to optimize, and we'll really never be done with that process.
Timothy J. Sullivan: For the second quarter, it was just under 7,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. That was offline. Some of that turnaround got pushed into the third quarter. So we'll see some downtime from turnarounds in the third quarter as well.
Timothy J. Sullivan: Yeah. So, we have turned the corner now on growth, not only in international and in North America, but just on North – our Permian oil growth will be – continually grow quarter-after-quarter.
John J. Christmann: Actually in the prepared remarks, Bob, we said we produced 7,400 BOEs a day net to Apache. 10% of that was liquids and almost all of that was oil in the month of June.
John J. Christmann: I mean, Arun, I think the good news is, is we got online early. We were scheduled to bring everything on July 1. We have some of the stuff to talk about in the second quarter, because we were able to bring things on in early May. Things are progressing really as planned. We were able to sell net to Apache 7,400 BOEs a day in the month of June. And like I said, we've been bringing up the CPFs. If you look at kind of where we are today on the infrastructure, we now have 35 miles of the 30-inch trunkline in. We've got over 40 miles of gathering in. There are two CPFs that are operating with eight tank batteries. And then in August and September, we've got our third CPF coming in – coming on in August, fourth and fifth in September, as well as a connection to the south. And so what we've said is, our volumes are – we're currently producing about 60 million a day net to Apache. You're going to see that grow to 100 by September. And you're going to see the liquids ratio grow as well, especially as we start to bring on more NGLs. So a lot of exciting things. We only had 11 wells on in the quarter, and really five of those have been constrained. So we're really, really just getting started.
John J. Christmann: We've said that we're going to be bringing on these CPFs in increments, 50 million to 100 million a day. They're all going to be able to be incrementally added. So what we've done is given you volume forecast and guidance. Right now, we are constrained, but we hope to resolve that as we catch up, as these things come on in the next couple of months. And then, from there, we hope to have more capacity than we'll have volumes.
John J. Christmann: It's going to – it depends on the timing. Right now, as we've said, we're shooting a brand new high-res 3-D across our existing acreage. And as well, we'll be shooting the new permits as soon as we get the final documents signed. Everything's approved. We're just waiting on the final documents. So that should happen here pretty soon. We'll get started on the seismic in this fall, and we could potentially drill our first well this fall. We see a lot of low-hanging fruit, and we're very, very excited about the potential. I mean, they're very large concessions. We know a lot about them. And – I mean, they're going to be a real, real shot in the arm. You got to go back to over 10 years since we've had two new concessions. Not anything of this size either, so it's going to be a real shot in the arm for our Egypt production, maybe late this year, most likely as you start to go into 2018, 2019, and beyond.
John J. Christmann: David, as we've said, we're ramping up most of our wells, like the wells we disclosed on the last earnings call. We cleaned them up and shut them in. Most wells have been waiting. We've got – as Tim said in his notes, we've got a lot of wells waiting on the infrastructure. Now that we have the facilities and things, it doesn't make a lot of sense to be flaring volumes and things. And so, as we bring more things on, I think you're going to continue to see a lot of data coming. And when we get to a point that it makes sense to talk more definitively, what we really want to do is get the processing facilities lined out, get more time behind the wells, continue with our optimization work, and at some point, we'll come back with something very meaningful and very definitive. But I think what we've continued to state is that we feel very, very good that we have more than 3,000 wet gas locations. Your best EURs would be to look at what we disclosed at Barclays almost a year ago. And now we said with the two Wolfcamp wells that are, by the way, in two different zones in the Wolfcamp, in a significant distance between those wells, we feel very confident now that we have hundreds of locations in the Wolfcamp, so – that will be oil locations. And – so we'll come back as we get more data. We're really just getting started with our infrastructure and being able to bring things on and produce them into ideal production situations.
John J. Christmann: Well, I think what you've seen is this year we had an outspend on our infrastructure side and now we've more than covered that. As we look at 2018, we – the 2018 budget had originally looked at $55 as a price target. We've said that there are lots of options we have on that. Our spend in 2018 is planned around $500 million. We're probably going to pull some of that into this year as we stated within our $3.1 billion budget. So we feel very comfortable that we're going to be able to handle that funding without having to stress the balance sheet, issue equity, or really put ourselves in a bind.
John J. Christmann: It's going be very similar, the parasequences. So they were laid down at a time when you had very rapidly rising sea level. And so there is some discontinuity in them just like there is in all of the Delaware Basin, so very similar. And so you've got a lot of mixed things in there. But we're very excited about what we've got. And these two wells are going to perform very similar to the other wells in the Delaware Basin.
John J. Christmann: When we talk about optimization, there's really a lot of things. It involves targeting, spacing tests, pattern tests, landing zone, lateral length, the orientation, and in the completion design. And even in the completion design, you've got your fluids in terms of your volumes, your sand concentrations, the stages, clusters, everything. So we have begun the optimization process. We've actually had 11 wells into the system at the end of the quarter. As we bring more in, clearly we're going about it very methodically like we have the whole play. And as we get to points where we draw some conclusions, we'll start to make those more clear. But we're doing a lot of things. We've got some longer laterals. We've got some larger fracs, targeting, azimuth, everything.
John J. Christmann: When we think about – right now we're just talking 2017 and 2018 is what we've been looking at. So if you look at 2017 and 2018, that would be that time period. I think the important thing with our infrastructure at Alpine High is it's going reach a critical mass where we really believe middle of next year we could be in a position to start to monetize a portion of it or do something there. So we'll look at 2018 as we start to roll into – later this year or early next year, we'll start to give another look into 2018 and beyond. But we're looking right now at 2018. The other thing I'll say about 2018 as our original budget had it – which is really flat activity to this year, had a $55 deck in there. $5 in oil price means about $350 million of cash flow to us. And so we see we have a lot of flexibility with our program. One, we can reduce activity. Two, if we really are in a sub-$55 world next year, then our cost structure is going be lower than what we have in that budget. So there will be the ability to get more for that activity set. I think we've shown this year we can do some non-material asset sales, which I would not put the strategic exit from Canada in that bucket. I've touched on the Alpine High midstream, and then we also have a very nice $1.7 billion of cash on the balance sheet.
John J. Christmann: It looks really good. I think the thing we'll say, number one, it's approximately 4,500 foot lateral. It has come on 70% oil. And the 30-day average is actually greater than 1,000 BOEs a day, and it did produce 37,000 barrels of oil in the first 75 days. A lot of the research this morning has come out tagging that as BOE, which is not correct. Very typical profile to a lot of the other Delaware wells. Good charge. We'll have more water than we'll have in our resource zones in the Woodford, Barnett to pin, so it's going to be very typical characteristics and very, very strong profile, and performing very, very well.
John J. Christmann: Callater is a well we disclosed in 2015. It was a new discovery. There will be some offsets. We announced another fault block there with that, so we're very excited about the area. I think the best thing to do in terms of forecast is just look at what we've guided to, Charles. I mean, we've had this well planned in and this development baked in. It's really a function of the exploration program. We've had a series of announced discoveries over the last couple of years that are in the queue to be coming on in the future, and Callater is kind of in the first of those that we're tying in, in 2017, so...
John J. Christmann: Well, we feel confident in the plan, Evan. I mean, obviously, we gave guidance this year for a two-year look. We've given you a 2018 4Q exit rate, and we didn't touch any of those numbers this quarter. In fact, didn't really touch our guidance at all, other than adjusting for Canada. So we have a plan that we're working on. We're always updating it with new data. We've still got a lot of areas we are testing and bringing things in, but we have a base plan and we gave you a two-year look at it this year. Obviously, we'll choose as we're phasing in and bringing things on. We've said we're at 60 million a day net today, and we'll be north of 100 million in September. And as we get more color and continue, we'll come at it sometime in the future and give you a longer look. But we gave you a good two-year look, and for now, we have a lot of confidence in that.
John J. Christmann: The better thing to do is look at the numbers we gave you and run off of those, because we've gone end of the first – end of the second quarter we had 11 wells on and five of them are constrained. And we should get to a point where we don't have constrained wells as we get these next three CPFs up over the August and September timeframe. But we haven't given an absolute well count, as that's dynamic. But what we have given you is ranges, Evan. And we said, in June we produced 7,400 barrels of oil equivalent a day net. It's not gross; that's net. And it was 10% liquids, and almost all of that was oil. And the liquids ratio is going to grow as the volume grows in the future.
John J. Christmann: It's just a very, very strong well. We've flown it back naturally, and there is a sub pump in there today. And it's very typical to the other wells we have and the other areas of the Delaware Basin.
John J. Christmann: Yeah. Right now, Michael, we've got a mix. We haven't given breakdowns on that. You've got a range, some of those are going be wet gas wells. Some of them are going to be – there's a few we've got several that are in flow-back. So it will be a mix kind of like we have across our play.
John J. Christmann: That's a novel idea. We've always talked about – ultimately you do your testing, so you can get to pad development, and that is the optimal way to do that. So you want to get in the pads where you can develop the rock and produce it in the best way, shape or form. So it's exactly the approach we're taking. That's – we've got some 10, 11 well pads coming on later this year in Midland Basin. So I mean it's clearly the direction you want to go with all of it.
John J. Christmann: It's probably going be pretty similar to how it's been. I mean, we drill quite a few exploration wells in Egypt every year anyways. So as Egypt continues to generate more free cash flow, potentially you could see more capital. But we're not going to change philosophically how we're thinking about that. But it's an exciting place. I mean, I think we're going to find ourselves with better – some pretty strong deliverability things, much like Ptah and Berenice have been over the last couple of years. So a lot of low-hanging fruit that should help us with volumes and also with the ability to generate more free cash flow and also reinvest more.
John J. Christmann: I'll say a few things. Number one, we've always forecasted our oil and gas streams separately. Like – I mean, it's just fundamental petroleum engineering. Anybody forecasting BOE curves and you've got changing dynamics out there you have to model it. I mean, it's like anything else though, Doug. You do your core work, you do your fluid analysis, you look at your pressure and temperature data. And we can model that. We've got a lot of history and we do a lot of time modeling that. And so our wells are producing and – as our type curves are laid out. And we have not had any surprises in terms of the forecasted volumes with how they are performing. Areas behave differently. And if we go back to some of our earlier areas where we drilled some wells in 2010 and 2011, they were in a little less mature area, a little higher GORs, they're going to behave differently. We've got a lot of history and have a deep understanding of how this works. And so we're not surprised by the GORs and you have to examine those very carefully. And – but every rock, every area, the rocks will differ depending on the play, and that's why it takes time to collect the data properly, do the core work, do the fluid work, do the pressure work and create your material balance just like you would in conventional rock. But there's a difference.
John J. Christmann: There's just a real difference between how conventional and unconventional reservoirs behave and there's a difference how they behave over time. And you'll see contribution from different types of the fabric as it goes forward.
John J. Christmann: I wouldn't say that rock is going to drawdown and break out exactly how it's exposed to the surface. So that's just a function of temperature and pressure and the drawdown. The orientation of the well isn't going to have as big of an impact as just how the rock is going to behave under pressure and temperature and how the makeup of it is.
John J. Christmann: I'd say any incremental well, obviously, you tweak your plans as you go through it. You'll see more from us as we bring more wells out. We've had 11 wells on the end of June, half of them, or five of them were flowing constrained. We've just got a lot of data coming over the next couple of quarters. But it's very exciting. We're going to be very deliberate on what we disclose. We're not going to come out with big location counts unless we're confident in those location counts. And there's a lot of rock to test even in our parasequence zones. So there's a lot of exciting things. We've got a big thick column, 5,000 feet of hydrocarbons over a 65-mile area down there, and a lot of rock to work with, so you're going to see a lot more locations coming out of us in the future.
