John Christmann: Bob at this point, we've worked with the government of Suriname. We've got a one rig or one well, commitment kicks us into the next phase. And obviously we will commence that well ahead of that time schedule, so it'll kick us into the next phase and that's all we've shared publicly at this time.
John Christmann: Not at all. I mean, we're on a path. We're prepared – we’ll be prepared to drill multiple wells, and we’ve said we’ve got a one well commitment with the rig and three optional wells, and we're prepared to head down the path we're on. So not at all.
John Christmann: I mean the bulk of it is shifting to pads. What you've got in there is just the quarter numbers. It was kind of 194 versus what it would have been in terms of the pads at 153 type numbers. So we're shifting in the pads, but it's some of the testing and some of the other wells would drive that. But you're seeing us move predominantly into pad development with some larger pads coming.
John Christmann: Well, I mean, the first thing is we know we've got an active hydrocarbon system Doug. We've got seven plays when you look at our block, I mean it's just an unbelievable walk and as we've said more than 50, very large prospect. So we obviously have chosen our first well location. We have not disclosed that. But clearly we've taken into account any information we have through public means that's out there.
John Christmann: I wouldn't want to assume anything about the top three targets on the block, but clearly you've got a discovery a that is on the lease line and that's your bodes well for us. But I hate you assuming anything.
John Christmann: Well, I mean, as of today we still on the block 100% and that's the path we're marching down. So I mean the reason we wouldn't is because somebody talked us out and doing that.
John Christmann: I mean I just think it's a phenomenal block. Our timing and when we picked it up, we were just fortunate that we picked this at the middle of 2015 when there was not a lot of activity, a lot of interest. We were able to do it but before Exxon drill laser and before we drilled our first well and it was a really, really low price in terms of the commitment at the time and it is very well-positioned as we've said. There's multiple plays. We've got both shallow and deepwater targets that we can get to. And I mean, when you look at the size of this 1.44 million acres, I mean, that's larger than range county just for perspective. And there's more than seven different plays and 50 plus very large prospect. So we're anxious to kind of get going.
John Christmann: Gail, I mean, I think what you've seen as we've changed philosophically how we approaching that and we really are managing the Waterford. I do not have the particulars off the cuff, but we are seeing long-term trends that are flattening that decline. If you look at the abandonment timeframe, even prior it's been in the 2032 to 2035 time reframe, I think this pushes that back And most importantly, it just provides stability, to the rights out there. So but I don't have those – we’ve not what's been done. I would say you could look at some of the work that would Mac I think recently updated some of their work that is starting to reflect some of that. But I don't even think their report captures all of what we see.
John Christmann: Well, I mean the big thing we've got down there as you don't have a lot of shallow production you're having to deal with. We also don't have a lot of chirrup and hard rock like you have up in the Oklahoma area. So you can get down quickly. We've been able to eliminate some casing strings. Clearly, the land position will dictate some are lateral lengths. The other big factor we've got in the source interval as you do not have water. And so with your longer laterals, you're going to get the productivity increases on a relative as you increase your lateral foot basis. Most of our wells have been shorter in the north because that's where our land, retention has been. And so that's what you're saying. But clearly, as we get the opportunity to drill longer laterals, you'll see, us transitioning mayor and I think you're going to continue to see costs come down. If you look at our numbers, we've had great progress and we continue to see progress is those programs have continued this quarter, so a lot of really good things happening on – at Alpine High.
John Christmann: Yes. So the back part of your question first, the cryo number one is – it is being commissioned now, and it should be a – it should be full by the end of May. In terms of – well cryo number two will be – it's actually moved up in the schedule and be commissioning in June. It will be full by the end of July. In terms of considering the possibility of moving those back in the schedule, no, we did not consider that at all. We want to get those things up and running. We want to get the rich gas flowing again and we want to get those things working to the full extent possible of extracting that NGL content out of that rich gas stream. We've got enough gas today or fill cryo number one, and we will have enough gas, by the end of July to fill cryo number two. So those will be fully functional and full of rich gas, on the day they're ready to go full. The primary reason why we didn't, as you can look at that that slide, in the pack that we gave out, you can see the gas is certainly an important part of the full operating cash margin from the rich gas at Alpine High, but it's not the dominant piece. There's some oil content in those rich gas wells and there's the NGL yields. And there's – even if gas is selling at zero, you can see that that's still above a breakeven cash flow situation. Once we get those things fall. So we want to get them operational. We're going to get them up and running and GCX is not far away. Its official startup date is October 1 and that's not that's not too long away.
John Christmann: Yes. It will start moving to Mont Belvieu through our enterprise agreement. So we'll start see an immediate uplift.
John Christmann: No, I mean, I think it shows the process, and the methodical process we've taken to kind of break the rock down and get to what we think is the optimal development scenarios. In both cases, we drilled some Woodford C because we needed to see as thick is the column is as much rock as we have to deal with, we needed to see how the A's, B's and C's performed together. We clearly went a little wider spacing, a little larger fracs at the Mont Blanc, you're seeing some pretty impressive results. So some of that's also about changing. So as we've said, in the future you're probably going to see us drop the A's a little deeper, drop the B’s a little deeper or eliminate the C’s and a little wider spacing and then we'll continue to learn on the fracs. But I think, the big thing is the last location count we put out was fall of 2017, I think, October, 2017, and we're still in a position where location count would go up given the assumptions we've got in place. And that's why we've been very careful to do our testing and understand it. We never assume more than two in the Woodford or the Barnett. And we're very confident in those numbers. And you're seeing some strong performance. 
John Christmann: Well, I mean, I think from the get-go, we've always said we were going to differentiate ourselves through exploration. And we do have a Lower 48 program, it’s focused DUS, it's focused more oil, it's focused more on conventionally, and our strategy has always been to try to build positions of scale and size where there was an opportunity – and low cost, where there was an opportunity to try to do in order to create meaningful value for our shareholders. So we have a program there. With the appropriate time, we'll talk more about that. As far as your second question on the asset sales, clearly we have over $300 million now that's under contract. As we said, the bulk of that is our SCOOP/STACK position. And I think the point there, Brian, as we look at our portfolio and we look at the things that we will be funding to the extent there's things that we will not fund in the future and if there's an opportunity for somebody else to own those and create value by purchasing those then we're not afraid to do that. And that's where we find ourselves today with the success we've had through our organic expiration program. We continue to take a long-term view through our portfolio model at our areas and what's going to attract capital. And we did not see the SCOOP/STACK is an area where we would be putting capital and therefore, we have it under contract.
John Christmann: No. It's just really coincidental with the way - the programs is lined up. When you go to larger pads, it becomes a little more lumpy. I think the key here for us is early in 2018, we had to put a crew on a frac holiday because we'd had the drilling efficiencies and picked up and in terms of the – on the - well I'll say the completion efficiencies and picked up and they're drilling rates hadn't caught up yet. And so we had to set up frac crew down and what’s you saw as the timing of that. The one going into this year was really his prices dropped in November. We anticipated that we needed to drop a couple of rigs. We put a frac crew on holiday, that's really so we could deliver the capital budget that we have set for this year. So I think those were actions we've taken to level low the activity set to where we need to be for this price environment. And so we dropped a couple of rigs and put a crew on holiday. The trade-off there is as your second quarter production. We'll dip a little bit. But we think in the grand scheme of things, I would rather have more of a level loaded program throughout the year, which is how we positioned ourselves.
John Christmann: Well, I mean, I think the first thing is we're down 27% over fourth quarter and we actually came in right at 25% of what we guided for the year. So first quarter was pretty evenly run for how the year would pan out. We walked through in the prepared remarks, some things that could cause second quarter would be a little higher, which is kind of why we guided there, but there are more exploration driven. So I think from our perspective, we took the bigger decision in November and December to drop some rigs and put a crew on holiday to kind of do that now. And it puts us in a nice position for the back half of the year. So we're very confident in the capital number. We will come in under – or at the $2.4 billion for this activity set and feel really good about it.
John Christmann: I would just say that in terms of the timing of how we – what we have budgeted for a Suriname and the exploration, a big chunk of that is in Q2 and the other thing you need to look at is if you look at our first quarter numbers, we do have some assets sales. We've had a couple of rigs running up there too. So our run rate for Q1 would have even been a little lower on what are going our existing asset base remaining will be.
John Christmann: Well, I mean I think the big difference with us is, as opposed to what's being divested by some of the other parties is we invested in the infrastructure. If you look at our efficiency and our up times and our run rates and our LOE, we're very competitive. I mean we typically lead in production efficiencies and low cost and it's because, we were fortunate that after we bought these properties in the 2003 with BP for 40s and then 2011 with Beryls. We invested heavily in rebuilding the infrastructure, which really puts us in a nice position. So you look at those two assets. They're fantastic assets. They're different. 40s, we've just got a massive 5 billion barrel in place. Field is produced over 2.5 and it just continues to give. And so it's real easy to manage that for the long-term with the water flood work we're doing, and we love the Brent pricing. We love the margins and it's not like we have a lot of stuff looming that would require you to want to move out of it. If you look at Beryl, it's a totally different asset, very prolific in its own right as you've seen. The way we've been able to leverage the infrastructure with the subsea tie backs by bringing on Callater and bringing on Beryl or Gartner. And now you into the Beryl facility and now you look at the Storr well, we just announced, I mean, we found a whole another section there in the cormorant that we were not expecting. So there's a lot to do up in the Beryl area and we've got nice infrastructure. It's been invested in. It's in great shape and it gives us a differential advantage. So we love the cash flow. We love the Brent pricing exposure. Your gas receives a higher price. So it's an asset that we quite frankly, I liked the cash flow profile from.
John Christmann: Well, I mean, I think the first thing is, if you look at how we're positioned physically for gas to flow, we couldn't be better. But I think we recognized from the get-go that, you don't want to be trying to develop a resource play and waiting on Mexico or dependent on Mexico for your gas deliveries. And so that's why we work the options to the Gulf Coast and what you'll find is Mexico will be an option for on down the road, which I think can become a premium. But today it's not something we're counting on. I mean, that's why we work the Gulf Coast options. We will be mainly insulated from Waha here pretty quick, which is going to put us in a differential advantage on our gas. And, and really it's the NGLs that really make this thing fly. The NGLs cost structure and the lack of water or the things that really differentiate the rich gas played at Alpine High.
John Christmann: Arun, it’s not included, once it closes – but if we look at the first quarter numbers, it would've been about 10,000 BOEs a day, and about 13% oil, it's mainly gas.
John Christmann: And more importantly, Arun, our lease up income was about 14, we spent half of that just in CapEx. So I mean it's a…
John Christmann: I think at 1 o'clock when the Altus is called is on Arun, you got to pop on and you can get Mr. Bretches at that time and you’ll feel that one, so.
John Christmann: Well, thank you for joining us. So just want to end on a couple of points. We're executing extremely well, delivering on both capital and production and are reiterating our $2.4 billion capital budget for the year. Alpine High will hit at an inflection point in the very near future as the three Altus cryos come on line and we'll generate a substantial cash flow uplift. And lastly, we're looking forward to the initiation of our exploration program at Suriname very soon.
Stephen Riney: Just adding to that a little bit, Brian. John commented on the lumpiness of the activity said. That just becomes a lot more visible when your capital program is reduced to the size of what we're – where we are today. The lumpiness of an efficient drilling and completion had level activity set just becomes a bit more visible. That's all.
Stephen Riney: Yes. I don't think the NGL yield in Alpine High is going to be any different than the NGL yield anywhere else. We have an operated these types of cryo units before. So that would probably be a good question for a second or third quarter results when we've actually operated a couple of them for a bit.
Stephen Riney: Well, we just stuck an assumption out there on the pricing at $24. We just said 40% of WTI, that's about where it's trading today. That's a reasonable assumption. We think that's conservative for the long-term for multiple reasons that Dave Pursell laid out earlier. And just on a mixed NGL barrel basis, 40% of WTI is probably especially if you look back in time it moves around a lot obviously, but 40% is probably a conservative assumption.
Stephen Riney: Well, I don't think that Suriname well plays into that decision for 2019. Let's get the transactions close, which will happen in the second quarter. We'll proceed slowly, but we said we would return the excess free cash at least 50% of that shareholders before we changed our activity level. I think we said it a couple times in the prepared remarks. We'll say it again. There's no change in activity level for 2019. We're still on the 2.4 billion capital program. And I just remind everybody that the startup of the cryo facilities and the cash flows from those were in the plan for this year. So those aren't necessarily delivering excess free cash flow. They're delivering the plan free cash flow to the extent they start early, to the extent that NGL prices improve. To the extent that they give us a greater yield than we may have planned. And those types of things deliver excess free cash flow, but not just the startup from them. And we will look at I think as we get to the second half of the year, which is a going to be upon as pretty quickly, that's when we'll get into the discussions about how do we use that excess cash flow. And I could assure you that both the debt reduction and a share buybacks will be on that agenda. And in that conversation you were likely to do some of both there's some debt maturing 150 million of debt maturing in July. If we choose to paydown any debt, then that would probably be where we would start.
Stephen Riney: Yes. Richard, if I could just add to that. I don't know the exact numbers, but today Mexico takes about 4 Bcf a day from the U.S. via pipeline. And 3 to 3.5 of that comes along the Gulf Coast. And so while we've got these great pipelines running by Alpine High, those are for the future more than the current. And so I think your question was related to the near-term. The near-term is we get gas to the Gulf Coast with the startup of GCX this year and Permian Highway next year. You can easily access the Mexican market and you might imagine that we probably have been considering that are working on that.
Stephen Riney: Well, with Gulf Coast Express, we will pretty much be selling all of the residue gas at Gulf Coast pricing with the startup of GCX and then Permian Highway comes a year later. So Gulf Coast Express, we have 550 million a day of capacity, and then with Permian Highway, we have another 500 million.
