John J. Christmann: No, John, I mean, we took time and, really over the last two years, worked on our programs. We focused on targeting there, we did a lot of core work and really zoned in on where do we want to be landing the wells. I can tell you, in general, we went back to higher fluid volumes. They are more stage numbers they're closer together and we actually reduced our sand concentration significantly, so it really is part of the optimization process. We're very excited about the results and since we're flowing back in pads versus one well per section, we're very confident in those results and it's really attributable to the work that the team's done at the detail level in integrating core into the completion optimization process.
John J. Christmann: I mean, I think right now, most of it will be priced off of Waha, is how we're thinking about it. We're very early. The thing I think that we've seen is that on the longer-term view there is a need out there for supply and so I think we'll have some optionality and we're really starting to think about that and think longer-term with larger volumes.
John J. Christmann: Well, thanks, Ed. I'd say first and foremost, we've been drilling kind of cookie-cutter wells that are designed to test the rock in the stratigraphy. I think the important piece of information we brought forward was the overpressure to the south. In fact, now, if you look at the pressure gradient across the whole play in the bottom zone, it's all lower pressure. Clearly, as we move to the far northwest, you're deeper and there's even more overpressure. But as we look back, the one well we disclosed, a couple of different wells, but the Hidalgo well actually, we believe, we had to spud that well before we had the 3-D in. And we believe it is drilled. In fact, we now know it's not on the proper azimuth. We've got a couple of wells coming that we're excited about that will be on the proper azimuth. But what was impressive to us was how flat the well has been. It leveled off and hasn't budged and the water is continuing to come down. So, we're very impressed with it. The pressure gradients were higher and the thing that we've been able to see is the entire column as well. So, if you look back, the process we've taken, the very first Woodford wells were all in the middle part of the section. We've now validated there's a stronger upper zone. We believe there's a third landing zone as well on the lower, which would give you three landing zones in the Woodford alone. And if I take you back to the Barclays disclosure in September last year, we really assigned just one landing zone on part of our acreage to the Woodford and the Barnett. So, I know everybody wanted big flow rates. We don't have the processing facilities in place yet to do that. We are under flaring rules and so drilling longer laterals with bigger fracs right now is just not the optimal use of our dollars. But, we are moving into a phase where we have line of sight now on connection to the gas markets, where we can start to stretch some things out and actually start to demonstrate what we know this rock will do. So, we're very excited to be shifting gears as we start into the optimization process, but bottom line on it is that there are many, many landing zones, a vast resource, and we're excited about the potential across the whole hydro-column, all the way from the dry gas to the wet gas up into the oil zones, which we're about to get to. The last thing I'll say, I was at your conference last week, we said we have eight wells that are currently in process that will be targeting shallower zones from 9,500 to 11,000 feet. So, we know the gas gets richer and the liquids content is going to go up and we do anticipate seeing some oil as well. So, we're excited.
John J. Christmann: ...we're obviously on a path to get there and the way we give guidance and things, I would expect we'd be able to make what we've told you we'd be able to do.
John J. Christmann: No, Scott, I mean, if you look at the well, still a lot of load coming back. I mean, most of these wells we've moved ESPs in early to get the water off of them. You see a trend on that well that's coming down. As I mentioned, it's not on the optimal azimuth, and we've seen that in some of the wells in the other parts of the play. Getting them on the right azimuth will make a difference as well. But, we're absolutely thrilled with the well and think when you start to look at the curve and realize that really from about day 33 on through we're now over 100 days, the thing has not budged. The oil's been slowly coming down, and it is cutting a little bit of oil with it as well. So, we're very excited about it. I will reiterate, this is only a 3,300 foot lateral and we had a limited number of frac stages in the small frac. And it's not on the optimal azimuth.
John J. Christmann: Well, there are different areas in terms of how the wells flow back. A lot of the wells we've run subs in early they get the water off of them. We've got some instances where they haven't needed them. And I think the different azimuth will relate to a different profile on the water, higher IP, and obviously we think the productivity is going to go up when we optimize the frac. So, I think it will change the shape and the IP capacity of the well and so forth more than anything.
John J. Christmann: Bob, at this point, it's a well we're very excited about; Block 53 we own 45% of. We've got two partners in there. The rig is on its way to location now, as we speak. We should be spudding it probably late next week. As Tim said in his prepared remarks, it's probably a 70-days, 10-week type well. I'll say it's an exploration well. It's a well we need to drill. We're excited about it. And that's all we've really disclosed on it. I will also tell you we're working the 3-D on Block 58, which we have 100%, we're really thrilled about as well. So, if I had my druthers, I might be drilling 58 first, but the timing is the opposite. But we're very excited about the Kolibri (46:41) prospect and we'll come back with the results in 70 days, 80 days, roughly.
John J. Christmann: Well, what I would say, Brian, is overall our North American decline rates probably on average about 20%. It's come down significantly over the last two years as we have not been investing in a lot of those projects and plays. It's about where it would sit now. Some areas are a little heavier, some areas are a little lighter; but in general, that's kind of where that overall base decline rate would be today. As we start to go back to work in some of the other areas, we'll be bringing on some higher decline stuff and it'll start to trend back in the future.
John J. Christmann: With the international, depending like you're seeing, we pulled the third quarter turnaround in the North Sea after the second quarter, so it's going to be lumpy at times. We see relatively flat for our international over the next couple years. The one thing that drives Egypt is the price and the way the production sharing contracts work, so you're seeing our nets come down a little bit as prices started to improve late last year. And that's going to have a little bit of an impact as we look into the out years as depending on price, but pretty stable.
John J. Christmann: Arun, it is and it's also at the $50 price deck. So, what we state in there was with the sales that we have already in the house, over $400 million and with where strips would be today, that would cover dividend and everything.
John J. Christmann: Well, what we've done, Arun, we gave you a corporate level numbers. We showed you kind of a North American production outlook and then we really broke down the key driver, which is Midland, Delaware. We showed you an overall number and we've showed you the oil piece. What we did not show you is the liquid yield on the gas and, quite frankly, Alpine is going to be the driver there. And the big thing is by July of this year, we'll have facilities up and running. We'll have more data. We can come back then and start to update the NGL yields and some of those things. I'll also tell you that given the program we have today, which is more wet gas driven with a lot of tests in the oil zone still yet to come, we've got a pretty conservative mix dialed in. So, there's a good chance you get out to 2018 or even later this year where we will be updating those and giving more color. But we didn't want to get into that until we really had the facilities up and running and could really shed some light on the NGLs. And, quite frankly, we've got a lot of well still yet to test that can make things oilier.
John J. Christmann: There is a little bit, David. I mean, it's a cash cow for us. It's why we split it out from the numbers in terms of where the growth investment is. We're excited about – I mean we remain optimistic and excited about the Central Basin Platform. Quite frankly, with more cash flow, there's more projects to do there. But there are things we don't have to do. And so there's a fine line of balancing. One of the things that we should be doing versus what you can be doing. But we've got slight decline there. It's much lower than the North American numbers that I gave, well under 10% on average, and it's a significant source of volume and cash flow for us. After Egypt – Egypt, Central Basin Platform and North Sea are really the three cash drivers – cash flow generators for the corporation right now. So, an important part of our portfolio and the nice thing about it is the longevity.
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean, Jeff, it is built into that forecast right now. We roped it in. Now, I'll tell you, like we always do, we're going to guide in things that we feel like we can deliver. So, it's not our Permian. That's just the Midland and Delaware. So, I think there were a few folks that got that mixed up this morning in their notes and forgot that we've got 72,000 BOEs a day on the Central Basin Platform, but that is just the Midland and Delaware Basin curves. It does have Alpine in it. I think it is a good look, conservative look for us for right now and it's liable to get stronger and liable to get more oily. But I'll leave it. For right now, that's what we put out.
John J. Christmann: Well, that's going to be predominantly our Canadian assets and what we call our Houston region, which would be our conventional Anadarko and our Eagle Ford assets. So that's heavily influenced by Canada as well as the – I think we've got Guam in there as well, but just a much smaller volume.
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean, at this point, we have not provided updates, Charles, on either of those wells. We are in the area where we were seeing the DST. What I'll also tell you, though, is we had a lot of open hole above us and that's where we, obviously, took a big pressure kick. We let it flow, flowed for about 10 days, was making 700 oil. But we had a lot of column above us. And we showed in the Credit Suisse package that we thought that was probably in a more gassy regime. So we will see. There's a good chance that oil may be coming from some of the up hole zones that also look fantastic as well. But you know, the DST, you had open column but that is where the tool was when we took the kick. So, still to be determined as we delineate and get to that.
John J. Christmann: The other thing I would say there is if we've got more cash flow, that's going to be one of the first areas that you can see us pick up some more rigs and activity. I mean, Midland, Delaware are going to be the areas that you'll see, you know, if prices were to move up, we have more cash flow, that's where you'd see us accelerating.
John J. Christmann: Well, Paul, I mean, I think if you lay out, we spent $200 million last year, we've laid out $500 million the next two years. We're very excited. I mean, the first two phases of this are going to take us several years in. We won't have a decision point to make on staying with re-fridge, which is kind of the base case we have in the field right now, or do we go to cryo? But as I said on the earnings call last August, we're not talking hundreds of millions of cubic feet of gas here a day, we're talking multiple Bcfs, a very rich gas, wet gas, NGLs, and we think there's going to be also a lot of oil to go with it. So, we're very excited about what we have in front of us. I think once we are able to get the processing equipment in the field and things running, you'll start to see some things in terms of lateral lengths, optimized fracs, and we'll start to show you really what this resource is capable of doing. So, we're very excited about it, and I think it's going to be a big underpinning item for Apache and our Permian for a long, long time.
John J. Christmann: Yeah. And what I'll say, Paul, is just look at what we've given you. We've given you now a look into the end of 2018. I've said, it's likely conservative on what Alpine and what our Permian can do. We gave you some location counts at Barclays. We've come back now and said we've got a minimum of 3,000 confirmed locations in the wet gas window. We will unfold more as it continues to progress, but we remain very optimistic, very excited. But one thing I'll say about this field is it gets bigger. I know there was a little bit of a negative reaction to some of the rates, because everybody's expecting us to be optimizing and scaling-up our fracs and things, but we're very pleased with where we are, and the scope and scale of this field has done nothing but get bigger since our initial disclosure in September of last year.
John J. Christmann: Yeah, most of that, we're now got 1.5 mile to two miles dialed in. We did a lot of work over the last two years buttoning down some trades. So most of the wells we're going to be drilling are 1.5 mile to two mile laterals now. So, we're excited about that as well.
