John Christmann: Yes, John, what we've got is we've said there'll be 2 programs, both an exploration and an appraisal program. We're currently on our last well, Keskesi, with the rig that we're operating, the Noble Sam Croft. That will be released once that well is concluded, but we're in the middle of the tender with Total, and they're going to be picking up 2 rigs early next year. And there will be a combination of exploration and appraisal with those 2 rigs.
John Christmann: No, that will just be a decision we make based on which wells you want to pull forward and how you want to play it. So the 2 rigs are going to be a minimum for next year.
John Christmann: John, if you step back, I mean that's kind of been the plan from the get-go and it was always the plan. The first 4 wells, we had lined up to kind of go across just 1 direction. They're on trend with the wells that have been drilled in the blocks, both to our East and West, there's now a rig running in on the other side of this. We just got to step back and realize just the perspective and just how big Block 58 is and even Block 53. It's the equivalent of over 250 Gulf of Mexico blocks. So just we’re working our way, one direction is pretty -- a big move. Obviously, we've said there's a lot of depth. These are all independent separate features that run outward. And so we're anxious to kind of get out, as we've announced Bonboni, it will be the fifth well. It will be drilled early next year. Total will drill that well. And we're anxious to move out more towards the -- kind of the North Central part and start to show just that dimension of this in terms of the block. So it's exciting. We've said there will be a continuation next year on the exploration pace. And obviously, we're anxious to start appraising. So it's going to be fun.
John Christmann: Well, Gail, if you go back to early 2015, we were drilling our first well Popokai and it was actually drilled ahead of the Liza well in the Stabroek Block. So you go back in time, the main thing that Popokai did for us was it helped us inform us that, one, we wanted to go ahead and pick up Block 58. So that's the first thing. I would say secondly, we actually were able to drill the thing all the way down through the source interval and gain a lot of information with it. The second well, Kolibrie, was further outbound, really drilled some really, really high-quality sands and told us a lot about that. So I think Block 53 is highly prospective. I think the well that's being drilled next door to us will be very informative. I think our Keskesi well will be very informative and also Bonboni.  So we've got 1 well commitment left at in Block 53, but I think it holds a lot of promise for the future. So it's sitting nice. I think with the work we've done since, there's a lot of potential in Block 53.
John Christmann: Yes, I mean if you go back to last quarter, we talked about where our volumes were. We have moved kind of from a 50 to low 30s kind of going forward this year. Next year, it will tick a little higher because our volumes are going to be down. But I think, generally, we're in a pretty good place, and we continue to surprise ourselves by what we're able to drive out of the cost structure. I mean we've driven another $100 million out. Steve, I'll let you hop in and provide a little bit more color.
John Christmann: Well, number 1, we have not released a lot of data, the data on Popokai, and it was tight. And I'll tell you the key to that was record the source interval. So there was not an issue with reservoir quality in any of the zones. It had some other factors. But it was -- the key for there was it gave us a lot of the key data and we were able to core the source interval, which helped us with the maturity, which played back into Block 58. So that was the key there. I think that, Doug, from our perspective, the information that we've released with Total has been agreed between the 2 parties on everything we've released, the net pays for what have been the -- both Campanian and Santonian numbers. They're not our estimate, not their estimate, they're agreed. So we feel really good about those numbers. I think in general, the quality is good. But for us to really get into a lot of detail, we've got to get into the appraisal work, and that's -- we're going to be very deliberate with the steps and the information that we put out, but I can assure you that some of the rumblings we heard of [indiscernible] that's not a mistake you'd make or it's not something you'd find with the logging suite and the detailed core analysis and all the work we're doing. So we feel good about the reservoirs, but we really need to follow the appraisal work to be able to start putting out more information. This isn't -- it's a conventional play, and there's a reason you go to those next phases. But there's a lot of zones. I mean we're in a super basin. It's large. We've got a lot of really, really good rock, and we're very pleased with where we are. I mean, it's -- but we're still on our fourth well across 1 dimension, and it's just really early to start talking about things you'd typically do after you've gone into your full appraisal when you can come back with concrete information.
John Christmann: What we said was we got into higher pressure below our target in the lower Santonian. It's not a matter of losing circulation. The trick was, what do we need to do to put the cement plugs in. And so we had to put a lot of fluid in, in the well to -- from the other direction. And so that's why we compromised the ability to actually get the fluids out of the Santonian because we had an open hole that we had to balloon over time. So it was more a function of the drilling operations. It wasn't cementing problems, Doug. It was that we had to set two cement plugs, let me just be real clear on that. There were no cementing problems. We just had to set 2 cement plugs below the Santonian because of the pressure that we had, and we had the open hole above us, which compromised other -- we'd already run logs on it, but it compromised the ability later to get fluids.
John Christmann: Doug, Bonboni is exciting. We'll have both the Campanian and the Santonian targets. There's also an opportunity to go a little bit deeper and test some other things. So same setting. These are -- it's a good distance out. And I think it just -- it's going to give us another ability to explore the other dimension of this block, which we're quite excited about. But the primary targets are going to be similar. And you're going to see those targets as we continue in these next several wells. A lot of it is going to be about the campaign and the Santonian. But I do want to remind you, we've got some other targets that at some point we'll get to.
John Christmann: Yes. Bob, I'll say our partners would love for us to get back in there. And it's not that we ever excluded it, it's just we've been focused on 58. 53 is something we made a well commitment on that we've got to actually drill before the spud before the end of the second quarter of 2022, and it's something we're very excited about. We've got 45% of it. I can promise you 2 of our partners, 1 of them is in the well that's being drilled South of there right now. So yes, they're anxious and we will get to it in due course, and we're anxious, too. But there's a lot of activity that's going to be very informative on the potential in Block 53.
John Christmann: I don't have that off the top of my fingertips here. It's not real crazy. It's going to be deeper. But it's not something crazy. I'm looking down here at Clay. Operationally, he’d know yet. But it's not -- I don't think it's crazy. We can -- Gary can follow up with that.
John Christmann: Yes. It's actually -- the thing is shallow, as we move that direction, Paul. So the targets are actually going to be a little shallower below the seafloor than what we're sitting at Maka, Kwaskwasi and even Keskesi. So it's shallowing which is actually a pretty good thing from a maturity standpoint.
John Christmann: Well, there's 2 things, Paul. Number one, you have to look at we're spending quite a bit of money on exploration in our CapEx. And so we're making a conscious decision to put the money into Suriname, which we could be putting into that base business. I can assure you the money going into Suriname is more than what it would cost to run those 2 frac crews. So you step back and think about the decision we're making on the exploration investment, that's capital we're putting in the -- which could be putting into the base, but we're making a long-term decision because we think there's going to be much, much greater benefit when you get 3, 4 years out.
John Christmann: Well, but the Total carry actually kicks in on the appraisal work. And so we're going to have 2 rigs running. So there will be exploration activity at a pace. It's pretty similar to what we've been spending this year, right? And then the appraisal capital kicks in. And on that, we will be paying 12.5% on the appraisal work.
John Christmann: Yes. I mean, clearly, our priority there is going to be debt repayment. I mean there's more with the $1 billion or less number we've kind of laid out for 2021, that's predicated on $40. If prices are higher, you're going to see us continue to prioritize debt repayment. But there are some things we'd like to get to more capital in Egypt is something that would be a priority for us. But that's going to be the big thing. And then I think you'd have to get quite a bit higher before we start thinking about rig lines in the Permian.
John Christmann: No. It's been a busy time, and we've seen a lot of transactions happen out there on the M&A front. I think as you alluded to with how we're trading, we're in a pretty unique position where we've got a potential company-changing exploration block that we feel like actually, there's a lot more potential there than is reflected on our share price. As we think about things, clearly, we're focused on paying down debt. You see we're really aggressively managing our cost structure, working on the breakevens. But I think from our perspective, we've got to make sure something would really makes sense for our shareholders and protect the shareholders because we see a lot of upside potential on a relative basis with our share price just because of the potential in Suriname. So you can't stick your head in the sand, you have to keep your eyes open, but we're going to be very cognizant of shareholder value.
John Christmann: Well, we did not, Charles. We're drilling ahead. We did run into some hole stability problems in the upper portion. We've since sidetracked. We've set pipe and we're getting ready to move ahead. We have not got down into any of deeper zones yet but the wells are in really good shape, and we're anxious to move forward. So -- but we're not going to lay out a timeline, but it's -- things are going well.
John Christmann: No. I mean -- and I can answer 1 of the questions on the water depth. I think we're in about 2,000 meters of water with Bonboni. So what you've got happening is as we said, they're very significant independent features. You've got turbidite fan systems. But -- so what you're giving up is a little bit of -- you're kind of trading some of the water depth for depth of the formation. So they do shallow a little bit, which we think is going to be a positive for maturity. But they're big, Charles, and that's what we want to say at this point. We need to go out and explore, right? But we're excited about them. They look fantastic on seismic. They're sizable and there's just a lot of ground to cover between Maka, Kwaskwasi, Sapakara and Keskesi and as you start to move out just that direction to Bonboni. So -- but Campanian, Santonian, a little shallower, very large features, and then there are some things down below that we might be able to get to as well.
John Christmann: Mike, we have not at this point just because after -- other than what Haimara might have done for us, it hasn't been beneficial to us. The -- I think it just shows you the depth and the number of targets we've got. I mean, it's -- the Guyana Basin is turning out to be a super basin. You've got a maturity and source -- multiple source rock that's working. You've got multiple targets. They're high quality, and we've penetrated both the companion and the Santonian with all of ours. And I think a lot of that work will come back with through appraisal when we start to really get into more details about what would be our plans as you move post the appraisal plan. But it just shows you the thickness. It shows you the sand. We had over 900 feet in a Kwaskwasi between the 2 zones. So it just shows you the depth and just what -- how a target-rich this environment is for both.
John Christmann: Well, actually, I think the first 3 are going to be Alpine High. So there'll be 3 there and then mainly in the Midland Basin. But I think the big reason to start this now is really we see an opportunity on the service cost. I mean, costs are down significantly from where they were in the first quarter. And I think it's just -- we see it as an opportunity to go ahead and get out there and get them completed, and then it gives us a little bit of flexibility in terms of how you -- how and when you bring them back. So this is driven off of the cost side and their wells that you ultimately are going to complete, and we just see it as a good window to commit, put 2 frac crews to work and go knock these out.
John Christmann: Well, it's the likely going to be more appraisal than exploration, but you're going to see a similar pace with 2 rigs. And so there's going to be multiple exploration wells the best way to say it. But we're going to have the flexibility with both those rigs to do both. So you'll start to see the programs kind of blended as we kind of go out and prioritize things. One other thing I would say is when we started out and did all of our early work, we've seen 8 different play types on Block 58. And to-date, we've tested 2. Two of those, the first 2 were the Campanian and the Santonian. We've seen all -- both of those and all the first 3 wells. We attempted to get down to the Turonian, but we ran into too much pressure in the Santonian at Maka. And so there's clearly -- the Turonian would be 1 of the next targets that we'd like to get to. And it's just a matter of figuring out when and which well we want to do that with. We think there's great potential there. And then there's really 5 other types. You start to get pre and post unconformity and some other things that are even a little bit deeper. But that's for a later conversation later down the road. But there's just a lot here in this block.
John Christmann: Yes. Brian, I think that's a question that's probably, in terms of specific numbers, best left for when we talk about 2021 in more detail, typically in February. But what I would say is that we got after the G&A costs pretty quickly because we knew what we were going to do on an organizational restructure, and we implemented the vast majority of that in the first quarter. And so you saw a significant drop in G&A pretty quickly. LOE takes a bit longer to get organized around that to start attacking the cost and start to see the benefits of that showing up. But clearly, we're seeing a significant reduction in LOE as we're going through -- as we went through the third quarter and into the future, you're going to see more of that. There are some more run rate type of costs that we need to get after. And I think you'll see continued benefit of that as we round the corner into 2021 and even beyond, especially if we stay in this type of price environment. The thing about LOE, as you know, it's just a bit lumpy. And so you get the impacts of things like maintenance spend and turnarounds and pace of workover activity and things like that, that just affect operating costs a lot more than G&A, which tend to be more steady. And on the G&A side, we just get the weird little accruals that we have like this quarter. But I just -- I think instead of giving an accurate number of where we're going on OpEx, LOE on a quarterly basis. Let's see where we're at in February, and we'll give some good context and guidance on 2021 at that point.
John Christmann: At this point, Leo, we don't have -- we haven't explored or gotten down to the Turonian. So It would be early to call it appraisal until we can get down and actually successfully explore. So we'll find a place. Maybe you might take an appraisal well that we decide to deepen and put an exploration tail on it. But we'll just see how we work through that. But right now, we're -- all the appraisal work is going to be in appraised discoveries, which we've already quantified.
John Christmann: Yes. I mean I think you look at our base overall decline, both areas is kind of like where North America. It's all around 25%. North America is a combination of our unconventional which is higher and our conventional, which is lower. North Sea is 40s, it is going to be lower. barrels a little higher, but it's in the 25% range. But we will be active there. So it's modest, as we said. And then Egypt is also -- it’s really good conventional rock. On average, our decline rate is probably close to 25% in Egypt. We came into the year running about 10 rigs there and 10 years is -- 10 rigs, you're closer to kind of keeping it, maybe growing it. When we went through the capital cuts, we dropped down to 5. So 5 to 6 is not a lot for when you consider the size of our position, how much production we're making there in terms of the volumes and so forth, it really is -- it's not a lot of activity just for the size, scale, scope of that business. But when we say modest, that means it's less than what our natural base declines would be.
John Christmann: Yes. Actually, Neal, we came in the year with 10. So we dropped to 5 when we had to cut capital because we cut everywhere, right? It's -- clearly, we've got more activity than we've got cash flow right now to put into Egypt. So the appetite would be for more. But as we're going to -- as we said, we're prioritizing free cash flow, we're prioritizing debt repayment, we're doing that at the corporate level. So Egypt is contributing some free cash flow. It's an area where we could easily double that rig count. But it's going to have to fit into the big mix of how much can we free up to put into Egypt.
John Christmann: Yes. I mean like I said, we've got -- on the DUCs, we're going to go knock out, I think, 3 DUCs at Alpine High first because things look pretty good right now from that perspective. But I think in the U.S., it's the place we would get to in a higher price environment. We have optionality there, but it's going to boil down to, once again, prioritizing debt repayment and free cash flow before we start to put incremental capital back to work over what we'll lay out early next year. But clearly, there's a portion of Alpine High that is -- hinges on Henry Hub or Waha pricing, which has definitely improved, and you've seen that in the numbers this quarter. There's a big chunk of it that's really hinges on NGL prices as well. So it's nice to have that optionality in the portfolio. And we'll just have to kind of look at if we were to put more activity work to work in the Permian, based on price decks where it would go into the oil plays in our Midland Delaware or into the gas or NGLs.
John Christmann: I think you just got to step back and factor everything in. Clearly, things are -- have improved out there, and we'll just have to kind of factor all that into our math of where we would put capital back to work. But right now, we don't have anything laid out. As we laid out the early look for 2021 at $40 and $2.75, you're not likely going to see any sustained rig programs in the U.S.
John Christmann: Thank you, operator. I'd like to leave you with the following key thoughts: Oil and gas, when produced and delivered in a safe and environmentally conscious manner, dramatically improves the quality of life around the world and lifts hundreds of millions of people out of poverty. As energy production systems continue to evolve, a robust competitive, innovative and cleaner U.S. energy industry will be necessary for decades to come. Apache plans to remain focused on its core business, and we will work continuously to deliver positive impacts on the air, water and communities in which we live and operate. While our industry continues to face many short-term macro headwinds, Apache's strategy has not changed. We are maintaining a flexible capital allocation approach across our diversified portfolio, generating free cash flow, reducing debt and continuously working to lower our cost structure. And lastly, we are choosing to fund a differential large-scale opportunity in Suriname rather than invest in short-cycle projects that maintain or grow production in the short-term. As current commodity prices do not offer attractive enough returns to justify doing so. Thank you for joining our call. We look forward to sharing our progress in the future.
