G. Steven Farris: Thanks, Patrick, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. The first quarter of 2012 continued Apache's strong growth in production, earnings and cash flow. Our daily production during the quarter was up 7% from the first quarter last year adjusted for divestitures. And I want to point out that this growth came despite having about over 10,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day off during the quarter due to production disruptions, and Rod Eichler will get into more detail a little later in the presentation.  Our corporate production growth expectations for the year remains strong between 7% and 13% over 2011 with a capital program that, I might add, that lives within our cash flow. We are continuing to build production momentum, and I'd like to mention just a few of the highlights of the quarter before I turn it over to Rod who'll give you a more detailed operational report. In the Permian Basin, we entered the quarter with 26 rigs running. We now have 31 rigs running, going to 34. We have had good results in the Wolfcamp horizontal and the lower Cline plays, and we continue to accelerate as we get after a Permian drilling and resource portfolio that is really second to none.  In the Mid-Continent liquids play, we entered the first quarter with 6 rigs running and currently operate 22. We continue to have attractive and consistent results across a number of liquids plays from the Granite Wash, the Tonkawa, the Cleveland, the Marmaton, Cherokee and the Canyon Wash. Our drilling inventory in the Mid-Continent is very comparable to that in the Permian, and we are more than tripling our activity in order to translate that activity into production and cash flow today. Importantly, we have the asset strength to do this while still living within our cash flow in our Central region. We intend to unveil our Permian and Mid-Continent resource potential at our June 14 Analyst Day in Houston.  In Canada, we're quickly transitioning our activity into an oil and liquids play focus. In our drilling during the first quarter, we've concentrated almost entirely on the Viking, the Bluesky, Montney, Glacier, Chinook and Beaverhill Lake plays, which have real running room across 6 million acres in that region.  While this transformation unfolds, our current production in the region is still 83% gas, and our Canadian gas realizations continue to decline for the quarter, which contributed to a noncash write-down of the carrying value of our proved Canadian properties. And Tom Chambers will discuss this in greater detail in a few moments.  Oil and liquid plays, we are locking on our Canadian acreage, rival those in the Permian and the Mid-Continent, and the fact that gas prices are low is not unique to Canada. Our longer-term gas solution is exporting to BTUs where they are valued, and that's why we're pursuing the Kitimat LNG project, which continues to progress toward FID.  One change in our capital plans for the year in Argentina where our technical work has delineated about 650,000 acres in the oil window position in the Vaca Muerta shale. Most of it is either adjacent to or in the vicinity of the recent wells that have generated so much excitement down there, and our first test results have been very encouraging. And we have increased our region's capital program by 20% to accelerate our drilling and recompletion activity in this potentially very large oil resource play. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Rod Eichler.
G. Steven Farris: It's the beginning of the year trend [ph] sale basically. So I think you heard it pretty much throughout the presentation.
G. Steven Farris: Well, let me put it this way. I feel very comfortable we're going to be ahead at the low end of that range.
G. Steven Farris: Well, the results that we're going to have in the second quarter are going to be important, obviously. As you move out, the wells you drill in the first 2 quarters are really what sets the stage for your overall production growth. So I'm hopeful we show some added growth in the second quarter and certainly in the first part of the third quarter. We've got a very active drilling program going on right now, most active we've been in some time in North America.
G. Steven Farris: Well, Rod might wanted to jump in there too. In terms of -- we get paid in U.S. dollars. In fact, we export the biggest bulk of our crude production, and that's based on dollars. And the gas sales to Egypt you see are based on U.S. dollar equivalent. So we really shouldn't have any impact based on the dollar side other than maybe a little higher op costs just because they're paid in Egyptian pounds. Egyptian workers are paid in Egyptian pounds.
G. Steven Farris: Well, actually, there's an awful lot of work going on in the industry around that in terms of pipelines, and we're not excluded from that concept. And this is a little longer-term view of life. And it's quarter-to-quarter, but a little bit like we're facing in the Permian Basin. With the resource potential both in the Anadarko Basin and the Permian Basin, the easiest thing to pick is infrastructure, frankly. I mean, it's an industry we're facing that in the Permian, and it's -- those things are going to get built. It might be a quarter late, and everybody wants to project in their numbers. And I don't have any specifics associated with it. I'm just talking a little bit like Crosstex and our step there. In all truthfulness, I don't worry about infrastructure if the wells are good enough.
G. Steven Farris: Well, it's an interesting situation in the Permian. Actually, it's unlike what's happening in the Anadarko Basin. We've got 22 rigs running in the Anadarko Basin. 21 of them are horizontal. In the Permian, that's a much lower number than the industry. In 2010, the number of horizontal wells in the Permian Basin was less than 10%. In 2011, it was a little bit more than that, which you're going to see in the Permian Basin. The same thing is happening in the Anadarko Basin, and the majority of them are going to be horizontal as we get into the future. Right now, I think we're projecting something like 700 wells, of which about 100 of them will be horizontal this year. A little over 100 of them will be horizontal.
G. Steven Farris: And we've got a couple of Cline horizontal wells in there, and we will drill more of Cline horizontal wells in the future.
G. Steven Farris: Yes, it's either the second quarter or the first part of the third quarter. We just -- Rod and I just reviewed that.
G. Steven Farris: Well, the first question, I will tell you, it's in infancy. What some of the things we're doing on our acreage in the Provost in that area, actually, we've got a huge acreage position there that we're just now beginning to exploit. And that's shallow oil. That's 3,500 to 4,000 feet. And actually, we've had very good success there. Some of the other stuff that you -- the Cadomin and that kind of stuff over to the West, that's a little further along. In fact, what happens in Canada is it's late in coming. I mean, I'll be real honest with you. If you look what happened to gas prices. Everybody was a gas player in Canada until we saw what's happened over the last 18 months on gas prices. So we're not the only ones making that switch.
G. Steven Farris: Well, the ESP work, part of it will be -- we had the turnaround at -- I think it's Bravo on Forties. The ESPs, we've got a rig that we're going to try to pull out there and do some recompletions and pull those pumps on the ESPs. Those may not all be done this year -- I mean, this quarter. But we also have a couple of other good things happening. That Beryl well that Rod mentioned is maybe the best well drilled in Beryl in the last 20 years. And I'd say that, we haven't gotten the test on it yet. So the best thing about it is we haven't tested it yet. It looks fantastic on the logs. I mean, it's virgin pressure. It could be the best well in the Beryl field in the last 20 years.
G. Steven Farris: Yes, and then again, Rod probably has some comments, too. I will -- Rod and I were in Egypt about 1.5 months ago. I think what you...
G. Steven Farris: Yes, I think it's safe to say we've gotten some cores. We've done some recompletions down in the oil window, which gives us very good encouragement to drill at least 5 or 6 horizontal wells in the Vaca Muerta shale oil.
G. Steven Farris: Well, I think it's early times. I will tell you, the Forties will, we will get that back, and that will be pretty steady. The good thing about the well that we just drilled is we really anticipate having more resource potential there than we thought we did going into it, frankly. I mean, in all honesty, this well found pay but it found much more pay than we thought it would. So it gives us added hope that, that resource potential there is bigger than what we had evaluated.
G. Steven Farris: I think it was almost 50 million a day. So you're looking at numbers that are comparable to last year.
G. Steven Farris: Well, if you look at whether it's us or anybody else, when we talk about all of these liquid-rich plays, the Marmaton well that Rod mentioned is making over 800 barrels of oil a day. It's also making 10.5 million cubic feet of gas per day. And we've got 90% of that well. We've got a -- the Marmaton is going to be a good play. We've got -- it's not nearly as continuous as all those plays, but we've got, we've picked up a very big acreage provision from Cordillera in that play, and that's the second or third well drilled in the Marmaton, only second or third well drilled, so, so far, that's -- but you're going to see a lot of gas besides the liquid side of it.
G. Steven Farris: Kenya should spud in the latter part of July. We've secured a rig. In fact, Rod and I reviewed that a couple of days ago. We should spud that well in the latter part of July.
G. Steven Farris: We just quickly looked at our outlook. I would suspect if our outlook is correct, our gas from the U.S. is pretty well flat, maybe a little up. In terms of -- what was -- the other one was about Canada? Yes, shutting in production is if it covers operating costs, there's no economic reality to it. And I don't anticipate us in any of our gas deals to get to the point where we shut in gas because the operating costs are higher than the price we're receiving.
G. Steven Farris: Well, we -- and Rod again could do this a lot more in detail. But we are pretty much done with the FEED. I mean, I can't tell you enough that the real bottom line for Kitimat or any of these projects, what's happening in the U.S. is an anomaly. It's not a greenfield development. So what you're looking at, whether it's us or Shell, I read this morning that Imperial's thinking about getting in the business, all of those contracts are going to have to be oil-based contracts. And we truthfully are in the throes of negotiations for a very, very -- a tenant that could underpin that development. But we're not there until we're there. So we're continuing to negotiate. We're also continuing to declare right-of-way for the pipeline, and we're working towards the construction of the LNG facility. It's not a cost, as much as it is -- of course, they're, like anything, cost and price, are synonymous. I mean, it's -- but we haven't seen great increases on the cost side as we move through FEED.
G. Steven Farris: Yes, we're going to stay within our cash flow. I don't know where our capital budget was for this first -- I mean, I know, but round numbers...
G. Steven Farris: No, no, I mean, we're going -- we increased it $50 million to drill those Vaca Muerta shale wells. So it's not a huge bump.
G. Steven Farris: I can't -- I don't think I can be more -- we're going to make a decision when we have all of the Is dotted and Ts crossed, and the most important I dotted and the T crossed is to have an MOU that is good enough in order to -- on the sales side, in order to take this project forward in an economic basis. And if that comes in the middle of the year, it will be middle of the year. If it comes in the third quarter, it will be in the third quarter.
G. Steven Farris: Well, yes, quarter-on-quarter, they may be just a little bit behind, but I fully expect them to achieve their targeted CapEx amount for the year. We've reviewed this on a monthly basis on our call just 2 days ago. As far as the LNG, we have some of the initial LNG-related. Some expenses are beginning late last year and throughout 2012. But the really big spike in those expenses will come in late 2013 and 2014 when the subsea is opened. It gets in place in fabrication and the central processing plant form and the gas plant begin in earnest.
G. Steven Farris: Growth production was up 1% on a BOE basis, and our gas, oil prices were up 16%, which is basically on a PSE basis, we get less product in order to get the same cash back. So our oil was down about 4,500 barrels a day on a net basis. But it's -- on an overall gross uptick basis, it was up. So you'll see that turn around again next quarter.
G. Steven Farris: Well, they've been talking about curtailing subsidies for at least a decade. I guess the good news in that is they actually made it a very transparent part of their budget about 7 or 8 years ago that we actually see the big elephant that is in the room. The subsidies or energy budget gas and oil refined products is probably going to run 115 billion Egyptian pounds in the coming budget year from what I read, which is significantly a lot lower than it was a few years ago, which is about 70 something-billion pounds, about $10 billion. I don't think that the subsidy issue is going to be resolved anytime soon. I mean, we may see some effects on the refined products like gasoline. But to give you an idea of just how extreme that subsidy is, 92 octane gasoline, I just read this morning, the subsidy sells at the equivalent price of $1.09 U.S. per gallon. The people who burn 92 octane are people with nice cars, not poor people or farmers with tractors and use lower octane fuels. So that's a pretty healthy subsidy for people who could afford to pay a regular price. I think the near term, what we're going to be faced with, at least for the next 5 years, I would expect to see the same contractual gas price on our gas sales agreements, which is tied $2.65 per million BTU. Unfortunately, we have very rich gas that we get more than that, $3 to $4 per Mcf basis, and oil price, of course we receive the world price based on our export volumes on the Brent market.
Arun Jayaram: Yes, I wanted to talk firstly, just trying to set the baseline where guidance is set on the production side. I know you had some asset sales late in the year that maybe impacted Q1 in terms of growth. But I just wanted to better understand what the baseline of the 7% to 13% growth is based on.
Arun Jayaram: Okay, okay. That's fair. And Steve, I just wanted to see if you could talk about your confidence perhaps in the middle part of the range. You are starting off a little bit of a lower starting point. Just give us a sense of your confidence to reach perhaps the middle point of that range.
Arun Jayaram: Fair enough. One quick question in terms of Egypt. The gas price, I just wanted to get a little bit of color around the decline of the gas prices. I do know next year contractually, the gas price goes down just because of an expiration of a contract. But I just wondered if you can talk about that quarterly swing and the dips in gas prices.
Rodney J. Eichler: Well, we have a combined Coniston, Ningaloo Vision, which is the name of the FPSO rectification project, which is sort of working both a subsea development in tandem with the repairs and modification. These are making them both. So the -- excuse me, [indiscernible] significant servicing work in early part of 2013. I forget the exact amount of days or weeks that it will be out of service before returning to the field later that year to be able to commence production for the combined Coniston and Van Gogh. I'm sure Patrick can get back with you with that number after the call.
Rodney J. Eichler: And that number is actually weighted heavily on the Deadwood side because over 300 of those wells that are in Deadwood this year, and those are almost all vertical wells, structural reservoir, targets deeper.
Rodney J. Eichler: Because of the very large concession, because we have a sizable resource. Likewise, the 8 recompletions I referenced and the 5 new drills, those will be focused, for the first time our drilling will be focused in the oil window portion in areas that were very similar and adjacent to like VF and other companies' activities that have had press releases. And we're very encouraged by that outcome. They're on our core concession areas. We had some of our principal productions in the Neuquén Basin, and it's -- we'll have probably more to say about that on our June 14 meeting.
Rodney J. Eichler: Well, you'd presume that, that would be the case with virtually no wells targeting dry gas up there. I wanted to clarify one thing on Steve's point. When he said flat, he's really, I think, thinking from this day forward with Cordillera built in because we're, of course, picking up quite a bit of gas there. So we ought to be able to have U.S. volumes flat to rising somewhat through the balance of the year.
Rodney J. Eichler: Yes, and it's 9.5 to 10, honestly. We're going to have cash flow, usable cash or spendable cash around $10 billion for the year. And that's -- whatever we have is going to go on the ground.
Rodney J. Eichler: The way we look at that, you heard about the increases in the rig count in the Mid-Continent or Central region, Anadarko Basin, also in the Permian. And if cash flow holds up, then we'll just keep that many rigs or more running. And if cash -- if prices come down, then we might cut that back later. So that's kind of how we jigger it to live within cash flow.
Rodney J. Eichler: Well, Tallaganda is a project that's about 100 kilometers southwest of our DeSoto discovery from 2011. As I indicated in my remarks, it covers about 190, 160 feet per day [ph]. But the well is operated by BHP. We really have to defer our comments to the operator. Right now, we're evaluating the results of the well to see the forward path on future development. But we have to follow BHP's lead.
Rodney J. Eichler: Well, I think I'd defer to the operator. I hope based on whatever press releases they've had out there, which is I don't think they've had much the way it's...
