Alfonso Leon: Thank you, Steve. I’m going to cover some balance sheet highlights and provide production and financial expectations for the remainder of the year. First, with respect to our balance sheet, during the second quarter we completed three significant portfolio focusing steps. The monetization of our major deepwater development projects, the divestment of dry gas properties in Canada, and the focusing of our asset base in south Texas. These three things actions close during the quarter yielding $1.8 billion of cash proceeds. This brings the total cash proceeds generate before portfolio focusing steps over the last year to $10 billion. As Steve mentioned, we continue to actively repurchase Apache common shares during the quarter. In the second quarter we bought back $780 million in stock. To put that number in context I should note that the $1.4 billion proceeds from our deepwater divestment were only received on the very last day of the quarter, 30th of June. Our balance sheet remained strong, our total cash position as of June 30 is nearly $1.9 billion. Debt remains unchanged at $9 billion which puts us at 22% debt to cap. Now I’m going to make some comments regarding your expectations for the remainder of the year, starting with production. As Steve said, we remain on track to deliver our production growth expectations for the year, consistent with our 15% to 18% North American onshore liquids growth expectations, and the third and fourth quarters we anticipate 2% to 4% sequential North American onshore liquids growth, driven by our horizontal development, programs continuing to build on their momentum. In line with our 5% to 8% global BOE production growth, we anticipate our global gas production to drop 1% to 2% sequentially in the third quarter. And for global BOE production to be flat to 1% up sequentially for the quarter. This is driven primarily by our regularly scheduled third quarter maintenance turnaround in the North Sea, where production is expected to be 12% to 14% down sequentially in the third quarter with that production returning in the fourth quarter. As a final production note we currently expect Australia production to rise 6,000 to 8,000 BOEs per day sequentially in each of the third and fourth quarters, driven by oil from Balnaves ramping up. Going to turn now to realizations. We currently expect North American oil realization discounts to WTI of $5 to $8 barrel. On the international oil side we expect to shift to a realization discount to Brent of $1 to $2 per barrel as our mix of production evolves with Australia ramping up. We continue to expect North American natural gas realization discounts to NYMEX for the full year in line with first quarter or a $0.40 per Mcf discount. And we now see global NGL realizations at 28% to 30% of WTI for the remainder of the year, which is slightly lower than our previous expectation, driven by North America now being expected to be at 25% to 27% of WTI. Now I'm going to move to the expense side. Starting with LOE. Second quarter unit LOE was up sequentially to $10.59, this is in line with expectations we set out in our previous call, of an increase form first quarter levels by 10% through year-end, driven by the ongoing shift in our portfolio balance and general cost increases. Going now to DD & A, unit recurring DD & A was up $0.70 sequentially in the second quarter. This is in line with our expectations to see it rise this year by as much $2 per BOE from first quarter numbers, as we focus our capital on liquids projects. Going to taxes other than income, we expect an increase for the remainder of the year primarily driven by the initiation of Australia PRRT expense. Based on current strip prices, we currently expect taxes other than income to increase sequentially by $40 million to $70 million in the third quarter. Going to G&A, second quarter G&A expense reflected the timing of third-party reimbursements, we expect a sequential increase of $20 million to $40 million in G&A expense in the third quarter. And finally, on the Income Statement, going to income taxes, our adjusted income tax rate was 40.3% in the second quarter, which is in line with our expectations of 40% to 44% for the year. On an adjusted basis, our deferred tax percentage was 30% which is broadly in line with our previously stated expectations for the year. Finally, capital for the first half of 2014 was in line with our plan for the year. We have updated the format of our capital table on Page 10 of financial supplement to facilitate the tracking of our investment. This concludes our prepared remarks. I think we’re now ready for questions.
Alfonso Leon: Hey, Doug. Look, we are looking at all alternatives, and that’s why we’ve outlined that we are evaluating a number of different alternatives. We need to get to the best possible outcome, the one that maximizes value for our shareholders. So we are progressing different alternatives. Now, when you look at the profile, the profitability the competitive position of our international businesses, they are each of them the leader in their respective competitive space. So obviously, they have a very attractive profile for a portfolio capital markets positioning. So that’s certainly a very compelling opportunity.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So my follow-up, maybe it’s just for you, Alfonso, but the value of your onshore resources obviously going to be depended on the pace of drilling, and Wheatstone for sure, and certainly North Sea in each of – would have generated on both – currently generated substantial free cash flow. So how do we think about giving that up in terms of the ability to accelerate the onshore using that international free cash flow as you did separate businesses, and I’ll leave it at that. Thank you.
Alfonso Leon: Brian, we haven’t set a specific timeline. We are working on a number of different opportunities and have been working on them for quite some time at the moment. Each of them has a different timeline associated with it, and we will make decisions as we get to decision points. Specifically on the separation workflow, I’m sure you’re very familiar with, those are multi core processes. So that is not something that is executed on an imminent basis. The work has been underway, but there is still significant work ahead of us.Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you.
G. Steven Farris: Well, let’s start with the international certainly the way that we are looking at it, we would just spend out or set up a company that was not was above any of the relationships Apache had at the joint venture level. So that would not require votes of other parties. With respect to Canada, we have said for some time that Canada was a part of our North American onshore portfolio, certainly we have two businesses up there. I think we have a business which is a big business that we have with respect to Duvernay Shale, the Montney Shale and some of the other things that we are working on there and then we also have Kitimat, Horn River, Leard. Kitimat, Horn River, Leard is part of our LNG projects that we indicated and re-indicated today that we intend to exit.Robert Brackett – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC: And then a follow-up on the East Texas Eagle Ford, if you’re ramping the 10 rigs, does that you’ve de-risked it and this is a commercial project that competes for capital. 
G. Steven Farris: We feel very comfortable we’d de-risk and it also is going to compete with capital and today what we are trying to do is refine it and it increase the rate of return and the EURs and lower the cost.Robert Brackett – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC: Great, thanks.
G. Steven Farris: I apologize because you were very almost inaudible on this end but – right now we got two parts of the central region, we got the Anadarko Basin, which we are going to drop some rigs on and we also got the Canyon Lime down in Texas Panhandle, we are going to be increasing but net-net we’ll be reducing our capital in the overall program for the central region.
G. Steven Farris: In general, we still remained very bullish or excited about the basin we just need to slowdown and we’ve had good wells in all those zones. We just need to kind slowdown take a deep breath and pause and regroup. 
G. Steven Farris: Good afternoon.Pearce W. Hammond – Simmons & Co.:  Regarding potential international divestitures, how do you balance the need to simplify the company and placate some shareholders in the near term versus the challenges of receiving fair value for those international assets and what is best for the company in the long-term. 
G. Steven Farris: Yeah, I have to honestly say I don’t think the complete exit by Apache has a impact on the value of Kitimat going forward one way or the other. I said frankly whether we’re in it or not is a world class project with world class reserves and frankly Chevron and Apache at this point are a way head of anybody else in that arena. So, and we’ve always been in a position frankly that we felt like we could not be in these LNG projects. And I just think it’s important that we stayed back.Pearce W. Hammond – Simmons & Co.: Thank you, Steve.
G. Steven Farris: Well, we thought about a number of reiterations. I don’t know that I could mark off each one of the ones you went through in terms of the consideration. I see North American onshore sales as a different business than what we are doing internationally. They take different expertise, they take different time frames, they take different really scientific skill sets. And I think that it is important for us to recognize that, and recognize if we’re going to be the best we can be, we need to concentrate on the things that we have the most of, and I think has the highest – the greatest growth future.Joseph David Allman – JPMorgan Securities LLC:  Got you. And just on returns do you think, you'll have higher returns post transaction or is there… 
G. Steven Farris: Yes, I do. I think overall when you say returns, I’m talking about future returns on invested dollars. As we look at our discretionary spend going forward, where we can spend dollars for the highest rates of return. I think what we’re doing now, certainly in the Permian what we’re doing in Eagle Ford compete with anything else we’re doing investing across the Company. Certainly Egypt is a great rate of return, but we also got to recognize that it’s a situation that fits into international portfolio also.Joseph David Allman – JPMorgan Securities LLC:  Got you. Very helpful. Steve, thank you.
G. Steven Farris: Well, certainly if we do it in the capitals market, we spin it, certain of our shareholders will still own it. I mean, and they have the benefit of it. And maybe Alfonso, I didn’t understand the complete question frankly.
G. Steven Farris: Well, I think what I’ve said, and I'll say it again, and because I said it earlier. We look at our financial position based on what we think is a competitive in the market, and also in such – in a position that we can continue to grow. We're in a different space than we were in when we were acquiring and exploiting. We're in a different space in terms of what our go-forward opportunities are. So how we look at our balance sheet is going to change a little bit.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it, understood. Thanks very much fellows.
G. Steven Farris: I think it’s a fair characterization that they are – we recognize and we have recognized that there really are two different businesses and I think how we accomplish that recognition in the end will probably end up a majority of those assets being in another vehicle, if you understand what I’m saying. What that vehicle is if it’s a capital structure solution or for an outright sale.
G. Steven Farris: I think I’ll let John comment on the details. I think our biggest issue is, I think I’ve pointed out in my prepared remarks, we are 26% behind in terms of getting wells on compared with our plan. Regardless of the results of those wells, 26% is, and honestly the majority of those had some kind of mechanical issue either sidetrack, or casing, or completion problems. We just took our eye off the ball frankly and we got to get our eye back on the ball.
G. Steven Farris: Our Wolfcamp wells have been running around $7 million roughly, which is kind of an average. One thing we’ve seen is we’ve gone with little harsh sand loadings, some have creeped up, $7 million is probably a pretty good number and our Bone Spring wells have come down a little bit and they’re probably in that same range. 
G. Steven Farris: Certainly. Let me start off with talking about from late 2009. And I thank most of our shareholders and (indiscernible) most have that chart because what I showed is that we made a strategic decision to get back into North America. And if you look at what we did over that timeframe, I think, we brought $16 billion worth of properties and 85% of were with North America onshore. And if you look at about what we were about after 2012, first part of 2013, I think at our year-end analyst call we said we were going to sell $1 billion worth of properties at that time. In the second quarter we came out and announced we were going to sell $4 billion worth of properties and end up now of selling $10 billion worth of properties. I think the overriding thing that we take from this is that number one; we started out being on the forefront of coming back to North America. And I think what you’re seeing is, what does it take to get North America onshore to center part of this company? And if you look at what we’ve been able to do, it's getting us a long way there. If you look at what we got in front of us in terms of these LNG projects and the long term nature of them, the amount of capital it takes to invest in them. I think that’s an easy decision. I think the difference what we come to the conclusion of frankly in our North American versus international is they are two different businesses, and if you look at the way that you go about doing them in workflows, et cetera, they are two different businesses. So, in our opinion it makes sense that we continue to reduce the size of our international assets because we made a decision long time ago, we’re going to be North American onshore. So that’s, honestly that is and we’ve had some recent discussion about that, among lots of folks and I think it’s important that we state our case and that is our case.Joseph Patrick Magner – Macquarie Capital Inc.: Okay, we will stay tuned for additional updates, thank you.
John J. Christmann, IV: This is John. Yes, I mean we are planning to drop some rigs and slowdown and retool in the central region so we will dropping some capital back half of the year.
John J. Christmann, IV: When you look at our Delaware basin acreage we’ve got over 500,000 gross for that 215,000 net. So we’ve got good running room in all three of those counties. But I don’t have a break down specifically just to those three. But that is how you kind of look at the whole Delaware basin.
John J. Christmann, IV: Yes, John. Hang on just a second here. On our Duverney well, the 734-barrels of oil a day, 200 barrels are condensate and about $4.4 million. Those are actually 30-day average.
John J. Christmann, IV: In terms of our volumes we do have the ability to take Gulf Coast pricing or WTI or NYMEX. We’ve got protection on the differentials. We have not disclosed anything on our mineral royalties out there. We do have a nice position, but a lot of that is future acreage to be developed and it’s not something that’s contributing a great percentage right now.Michael Hall – Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Thank you.
John J. Christmann, IV: They’re scattered. We’ve got a big position in the very, very southern portion of the Delaware is where a big chunk of it sits, which is really below where the activity has been, but we think it could ultimately move there. But that’s where a lion’s share of it sits. We’ve also got some gains, but nothing that we’ve lined out is in an area right now that we’re going crazy with on the development side.Charles A. Meade – Johnson & Rice Company L.L.C.:  Got it. That’s helpful detail. Thank you, John.
John J. Christmann, IV: And, Arun, just a little color there. We’re 43 wells short of what we plan to have on through the first half of the year, which is huge when you had a program of 163 for the plan. And then when you look at a lot of what’s lead to that we’ve had over 27 wells that sidetrack in. So when you look at that, I mean, that’s big, big portion of where we are. I will say we’ve had good results in all of the play. So we aren’t saying none of them are working. We’ve just got to kind of get refocused and get back to doing it how we approach, how we used to do it.
John J. Christmann, IV: Your Permian, your East Texas, Eagle Ford as well as Bivens play, Canada remains ahead of schedule as well.
John J. Christmann, IV: Well, right now we’ve got two wells down and they were not done off of pads and so not really in a position to steer off of where we’ve been. As we work on the program this fall, we plan to spud six more Duvernay wells and I think we’ll see cost come down significantly. But our first couple wells were science wells. And, so they’re not representative of where we’ll be in the future with our program up there.
John J. Christmann, IV: Well, just like the Midland Basin, you get a little bit deeper in the basin. So you get a little bit pressure or little different oil makeup. So that area, we’re very excited about. But geology is a little different and obviously the fluid property as well.
John J. Christmann, IV: Those Reveille wells have been in the 6,000 to 7,000 foot range and we have not drilled one up to 10,000. I think we had one about 8,000 was one earlier. So we do think we’ll be able to continue to drill longer laterals. A lot of that’s just driven by how we led the units down in the land position.
John J. Christmann, IV: Well, in terms of the decision process, obviously if you look at where we are going on our base business and you think about the priority of capital and the time frame associated with LNG projects and specifically Kitimat frankly, it makes sense for someone else to own it that has a different time horizon than we do. And in terms of the order of magnitude of the capital, cash, we’ll have to see.Leo Mariani – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. That’s all I had. Thanks.
