Alfonso Leon: We got the old script. This is Alfonso Leon. I'm Vice President of Planning, Strategy and Investor Relations. So good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us for Apache Corporation's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we reported second quarter 2011 net income of $1.2 billion or $3.17 per diluted share. Adjusted earnings, which exclude certain items that impact the comparability of results, totaled $1.3 billion or $3.22 per diluted share. Cash flows from operation totaled $2.6 billion. On today's call, we will have 3 speakers making prepared remarks prior to taking questions. Steve Farris, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Roger Plank, President and Chief Corporate Officer; and Tom Chambers, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Rod Eichler, President and Chief Operating Officer is actually on jury duty today. We have prepared our usual detailed supplemental data package for your use, which includes the reconciliation of any non-GAAP numbers that we used, such as adjusted earnings, cash flow from operations or costs incurred. The data package can be found on our website at www.apachecorp.com/financialdata. Today's discussions may contain forward-looking estimates and assumptions, and no assurances can be given that those expectations will be realized. A full disclaimer is located with the supplemental data package on our website. With that, I will turn the call over to Steve.
Alfonso Leon: Yes, we expect at this point for the third quarter, 1,800 barrels per day net of continued disruption due to pipeline downtime and ongoing flooding.
Alfonso Leon: Thank you all for your participation. If you have any further questions, you got my number, and I'll be back in my office. Thank you.
G. Farris: Thank you, Roger. I'd like to conclude our prepared remarks by thanking all of you who attended our Investor Day in New York. Actually, we had more than doubled the number of people as we anticipated. Obviously, we appreciate your time and your level of engagement. We're very conscious. This is not easy to model the full value of Apache in a diversified growth enterprises. We are -- we have 10 regions, global regions and a broad portfolio of projects and plays. We're making every effort to bridge that challenge. At the Investor Day, we had our current inventory of projects over the next 5 years and the full economics of all of them. We have more opportunities today than any time in our 6 decades as a company, and honestly, at the end of the day, it's actually putting money in the bank and making good investments and not as how good you tell a story. We may be headed over the next 2 or 3 years and some of our best years we put back-to-back in several years. And if you want to look at our future, the best way to do that is learn our past. Because if you look at our last 5 years for growth or 5 years before that, we've had significant profitable growth over a long period of time. We continue to be a driven company, and we truly are just getting started.  And with that, I think we'll turn it back over to Alfonso.
G. Farris: Well, it certainly -- let's start with Egypt because it's -- honestly, we just not scratched surface in the Faghur Basin because each one of those wells are either the exploration well on a separate fault block or if it's not that first well, it's a second appraisal well. And we have a number of projects to do there. Our biggest constraint for a little while is going to be -- if you recall about a year ago or year and half ago, we put in some oil facilities to add the oil that we got at Phiops and also gas facilities because we were starting to get more gas in this area. The fact of the matter is we are going to be pretty full, it's starting in about September again for a while until we expand those facilities. In terms of our sequential growth in Egypt, you got to be careful watching the quarter out. I wish we could post both our gross operated, as well as our nets because just depending on what happens, the close of the quarter, our cost recovery. [Audio Gap] but we expect to continue to grow our oil production in Egypt. [Audio Gap] Brian, so we have tremendous opportunities there. And the North Sea, it really has been startling. We did finally process here I think about 8 months ago the 4D that we have shot and got final processing on our latest 4D, and obviously, the evolution of that technology gets better and better and we get better at it. But there's -- I think we probably have 50 prospects, but I couldn't have said that. It's a little bit like the Granite Wash horizontal well. We have had 50 projects for the last 3 or 4 years. So I would expect right now, we are constrained there a little bit with respect to facilities. We are putting in a satellite platform. I think the guys went over, the gals went over it when we were at the Investor Day. We're putting in -- I think it's going to have 18 slots that we can also, not only drill water injector wells but we can also have facilities to increase our oil production, and both of those have potential of increasing from where they are today. Yes, and that's both of those plays. Thank you though.
G. Farris: Well, the slide we have but I don't have it in front of me. I think we did 217,000 barrels a day or 1,000 barrels a day and 881 Mcf gas a day, but 1 Mcf a day but I don't normally see that.
G. Farris: In Argentina, I will tell you, they are -- I got to be careful now. They need gas because they are importing gas from Bolivia, and they're also supporting LNG cargoes, pretty significantly, prices above our current price that we're selling to them. We've had indications that we will be able to produce into that Gas Plus market whatever we put into it, and well, that remains to be seen but we're taking them at their word. We'll continue to drive the increase of Gas Plus volumes. In Egypt, frankly, we have seen no downturn in demand because of the activities that have gone on over there. They've grown their demand about 12% a year for the last 5 years, and frankly, they still burn about 135,000 barrels of diesel there. So the gas price, like the gas price in most parts of the world are significantly lower on a BTU equivalent in Egypt as they anywhere else in the world. So I don't see that demand for gas abating. Our biggest problem is takeaway again, and we have now run our intelligent pig and the pipeline to the South. It has some spots in it that have 80% line loss, so we have to cut that back little bit. But we now have enough data to be able to go in there and fix that, which we intend to do, and we should be able to ramp that up significantly honestly before the end of the year. So we have potential to increase our gas production in Egypt also.
G. Farris: Yes, ramp it up until the end of this year. We won't have [indiscernible] I hope I'm not getting that in front of our guys in Egypt but I think that's probably right. I had that propensity.
G. Farris: We do and I will tell you, we've had -- the Abu Gharadig plant had a small fire, and so we're really not being able to separate down to the liquids portion. We're getting off the time cycle, but we're able to separate the liquids. And we haven't been able to do that for about the last 3 months. That should be fixed this summer, by the end of the summer.
G. Farris: Yes, we're no different but with respect to our payments, things haven't changed a bit. In terms for Apache, with respect to -- I will tell you I was there June 7, 8. We have the U.S.-Egyptian business council meeting there. We had 24 major companies, not just oil companies but U.S. companies that made that trip, Google, Microsoft, Citibank, Exxon, a number of companies that are much obviously much larger than us and talked to a number of people. Obviously, they have -- things have changed. Certainly, I will tell you the enthusiasm there is as great as I've seen it since we've been over there 15 years. People are generally very positive. Most of them are very positive about what's going on. And they all recognize that they have -- it'll just them take awhile from an economic standpoint. But I'm, obviously, I'm optimistic because we drill wells for a living. But I don't see any real concern. We're sensitive to it, but not concerned, I guess, is the way I would put the words.
G. Farris: No, I think any place we're not operator, we probably would like to get more involved. Yes, I think you asked the right question. We're going to see whether or not it's beneficial to us.
G. Farris: We were just up there. We had quarterly review up there and spent a day and half. And I tell you, we had a lot -- the thing I'm most -- it's short term because I'm excited about a lot of number of things. I think short term is when you look for either oil or liquid-rich gas, you can find it, which I was and our folks like in what we call the Kaybob area is we got some zone discussions real potential and some of the offset players are drilling and making dang good wells. But we've got a huge acreage position in there and starting to drill some wells in there. I think we have 2 or 3, but the Provost oil play, I mean that's 3,000 feet, but it's oil. And we got probably 1 million acres in there, although it's not going to be productive, but its huge acreage position. We've got -- the good thing about having acreage is you've got lots of chances to win, and we have a huge acreage position up there and whether it is the Montney, Ridgewood liquid-rich. We've got a bunch of acreage in there. We've got it in the Gano [ph] play. We've picked up an awful lot of good acreage from BP that we didn't even put value on when we did it, frankly. We didn't need that value at the time. I would say one thing is we're going to be able to find some liquids and some black oil up there, and I really didn't expect the oil.
G. Farris: We're back on. I don't know what the production was today. I think it's a little over 20,000 barrels a day gross in the Van Gogh field. We expect to -- if we it everything or is working right, we hope to get it up at about 34,000 to 35,000. We got the 52% in that. And it's not -- let me tell you, it's a beautiful permeable zone, which is great and you get rates out of it but it will decline. So not unlike any of the deepwater stuff in the world. But it has been very hit and miss, frankly. I don't know if you follow it, but we had a swivel problem, we had it there at excess [ph]. We had an anchor problem. We had haul it off from big step [ph]. So the last 45 days or thereabouts, 40 days, the boat owner took it off the location and did a major overhaul of a number of components, and we are just now back online the last couple of days. So we will -- it's not costing us anything other than loss production.
G. Farris: Yes, if we can make it run, we've had about 40% up time over the last 6 months, and that for a field that's producing black oil and 110, well Brent's 120 there for awhile, I mean that's a hell of a lot of cash flow we're missing out on.
G. Farris: I tell you that's a $64,000 question. I will tell you we're starting to see, and I'm talking about not our activity level. It's much of the industry's activity level because it's -- our expectations were by the end of this year, we ought to be in pretty good shape with exploration permits, et cetera. I think it's slower than everybody expected. I think it is becoming more clear as to what you need to submit and your time frames. I mean basically, we just had a quarter review in both on the shelf and the deepwater here about a week and a half ago for third and second quarter. But if you look at the permitting of whether it's a well or development well, whatever, we just pushed the clock back 3 to 6 months from the time period it used to take, which means we're going to have to do better planning, not only in the deepwater but on the shelf and get our ducks in order and try to do it a little more systematically. And we used to be able to drag a rig out there and drill well. In terms of it being a significant driver for Apache, honestly it's going to take 3 years. I think what's happened on Lucius and Exxon's well, I mean, it's gorgeous but I think I'm not supposed to say that. They announced 700-foot column, but it indicates kind of things you can find in the deepwater. And we built a staff around the Mariner folks, but we're also building -- we have a technical group. That is a strong technical group. So I would see us, over time, increasing our interest and blocks that we've gotten from Mariner and also drilling some wells as the operator.
G. Farris: And honestly, what happened is, is that we got more cash than thought we were. We're not selling what we don't think we're selling cats and dogs. And so some of the things that we were marketing, we didn't get a price that we thought was the good price and so we kept them.
G. Farris: No. We are currently should be back up tomorrow, but we have an unplanned event where the Forties pipeline operator, and you could figure out who that is, we had to shut in all of the oil behind that pipeline for 5 days because they found some ordinances along that pipeline. And we should be back up day after tomorrow.
G. Farris: We had not finite number, stepping in front of our guidance, again, but we have led the contract on that, and it's going to be a large shoot and it will be 3D. And hopefully, we will be done with that by the end of this year in terms of first pass processing and hope to drill a well in 2012. We got -- its exploration play but the guys have wowed me enough me to believe that it's a real opportunity.
G. Farris: Well, I don't have in front of me specifically the numbers. I know we are putting on some gas like Halyard going in at a higher price. But our legacy contracts really will start to roll over in 2013 and 2015. And we're also in the midst of negotiating some contracts from Macedon, which were not operator, but that will come on in 2013. The operator of BHP there but the contracts are in the 7-day dollar range. So you're going to see not just for the last 2 quarters over the next 2 or 3 years. You're going to see our gas price in Australia change significantly.
G. Farris: Yes, let me think. Well, we keep extending step. Probably the best thing we have is a step around at Zola. I think we're scheduled and I'm not sure it's the end of this year or first quarter of next year. We've got play an incredible well at Zola, which is going to be big gas line for us and nobody -- we can't tell -- we're going to appraise it. But the good thing about that is, if we go to FID with Wheatstone, we have the potential of putting significant more volumes of gas in Wheatstone, which is the whole purpose of that is not just Julimar. The whole purpose of that is to expand our gas markets in Australia. We drilled a dry hole at Emerson, which was off of 356. We had totally different kind of stratigraphic play off of 356 was the Julimar area or way out to the East. And I think right now that's -- I can't think of anything in front of us this year anyway.
G. Farris: We probably got 14 more wells to drill this year on the exploration side. I think probably -- they're actually appraised. Let me put it that way. Some are probably drilling right now, but we haven't seen the results. What we found is -- frankly, 2 things we found that I would comment on. One is the Faghur Basin area is the oilier, and we see the Sapa, oil Sapa, which is really a plus for us over there because it's not the a, b, which is upper, the upper part of the zone, lower Cretaceous is great production, but it declines quickly. And what you see out of the Sapa is they've more staying power. And the other thing I would say is that we've been pleasantly surprised with what we found on the stuff we acquired from BP because when we talk about gas, being able to pull gas out of a call though, we're to the point when we get that pipeline fixed. We're not on that pulling gas out of Gharadig. We're finding it. We're finding it Abu Gharadig acreage that got from BP, which is a real plus.
G. Farris: Honestly, the jury is still out, but I've always been encouraged by it, frankly. I don't have the settle of having data. Well, there's no reason why it doesn't exist out there. What we continue to kind of step out there and do is we encourage ourselves every time we drill down through the Paleozoic, and we continue to get encouraged by that. My thought is go out there in the middle of nowhere and drill a well. We haven't had that courage yet, because I really think that you have a real shot at it. But the last 2 wells that we drilled, they definitely had pay at the Paleozoic which is good.
G. Farris: Well, yes, the infrastructure from the pipeline -- the good thing about Argentina is they got all kinds of pipelines across from that Neuquén basin. The bad thing about Argentina is they got very little service equipment. In fact, we are bringing in a very large service company's equipment to help us with not just that play, but some other horizontal oil plays also. And it's a very large company that is not housed in the Middle East.
G. Farris: Well, the horizontal water flood, I mean, we have proven to ourselves that, that really worked. And if you put little horizontal lines on a map of all the acreage we have in water flood, it would -- you're not in that 7,500 locations that I mentioned in the Permian, which you could put -- punch more in there. So we've got a long way to go with respect to the horizontal in water flood. And it makes at all sense in the world because what most people or all of us have been doing is cycling water into permeable zones. So if you drill a horizontal well in a less permeable but still got a lot of oil in it, because we're drilling less permeable wells in the Eagle Ford and everywhere else and trying to suck oil out of there. But for oil in rich oil places, you just got to get into a little less permeable zone and frac it. And so far it's worked very well, better than our expectations there. In terms of Deadwood and the Wolfcamp, the decline, I'll be real honest with you, sorely disappointed in our first horizontal well there. And I will tell we tried some gee whiz stuffs on the fracs, and we need to go back to drilling it and see if we can get some rigs out of there, because there's a lot of people drilling wells around us that got pretty good rigs and we got 167,000 [ph] acres there. So not it's likely to be -- it could be a big play for us.
G. Farris: Yes, it's possible. I don't think so. Yes, I mean, that's -- like most plays that's -- actually, I don't -- in parts of our acreage, I think because we got people that you and I could name the top 2 right off sentence that are making good wells. Some of this stuff is not rocket science you know what I'm in.
Roger Plank: Yes, we got one sale done in Canada. It was just under $200 million. It's about -- first quarter, those properties produced 25.5 Mcf a day and 500 barrels per day. And we've got another comparable sale that we're working on and would hope to complete in early to mid-September.
Roger Plank: Along those lines, we got a package in the U.S. that we are currently marketing, and we would have the same comments about that. If we get a price that we like, we'll take it. And because we don't have pressure to sell because we've got higher cash flow and cash, we don't, we'll keep it.
Roger Plank: One thing I still have to sort of pinch myself to think about is we're not getting more for gas and Gas Plus in Argentina than we are in the United States. So it's economically feasible to bring some of these service providers into the country. They need a lot of gas down there.
