Stephen J. Riney: Yes. Thanks, Ed. This is Steve. I think at this point in time, I don't know what the optimal amount of cash on the balance sheet is, but I kind of like at this point in time having $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet. It's good for liquidity; I think it's a good time to have liquidity. It's a good time to have the cash ready for deployment, either in terms of paying down debt if we decide we need to do that, or for deployment into the capital program if we see the price scenario in the future improving. Or, for that matter, I am happy just to hold cash. We do believe that the cash balance will go back up to $1.5 billion by the end of this year, based on our plan for the year.
Stephen J. Riney: The answer to that is we are always looking at the portfolio. We have done some small one-offs that are not really material to production. But at this point, we are always looking at our internal assets. We grade those against other things, we look at what could be added and what would add incremental value, but right now it's a pretty hard litmus test because of the types of projects we've deferred. So we sit on a pretty good set of assets, a really good deep inventory that we're very excited about, and we'll look how do we improve it going forward. But nothing major planned on either side.
Stephen J. Riney: Yes, just in echoing John's comments, we had good cost results in Egypt, in the Permian and the North Sea. All three have been very strong. I think there is a good mix of that that's just timing related, and you'll note that that kind of a reduction doesn't show up in the guidance reduction to $9.25 per BOE.
Stephen J. Riney: At this point, the environment's getting much better. I mean, we like the direction on the cost, we like the direction on the oil price, so I think we're at a point where things are starting to look pretty darn attractive. But right now, our best hedge is we haven't committed to a lot of rigs or a big program at this point. So it's one of those things we will be discussing as we start to look at plans, but at this point, we're not quite where I would feel good about locking in a scenario.
Stephen J. Riney: Yeah, Doug. We typically don't give that type of information down to the asset level. You obviously can figure that out at the end of each year. We are thinking about some – potentially expanding our – both our guidance and our detailed reporting around things like that for the future. But we're not ready to start doing that at this point in time. I can tell you that both of those asset areas this year will be cash flow generators for us.
Stephen J. Riney: Not going to say whether they were or not. I can say that they will be for the year, that's for sure.
Stephen J. Riney: Yes. If you corrected that for the Egypt's non-controlling portion of the impairment in Egypt, you said.
Stephen J. Riney: Yeah, okay. So I think that for the quarter, yes, that's a reasonable way to think about that. I think when you reduce operating results down to a single quarter, you're going to get lots of noise in that quarter. But for example I think we had a significant piece of noise on the revenue side in Egypt for the quarter to the tune of about $8 million on gas revenue side that we're in some dispute on, and we're looking at. I think that obviously the issue with the price that would breakeven, so how much lower can the price go to breakeven from an accounting perspective. I think that's obviously very difficult to do because of the cost sharing arrangement in the PSC. So I'm not really prepared to say how far down prices would have to go in order for that number to become zero. But suffice it to say, it would have to go down a bit more from where it is in the first quarter in order for that to happen.
Stephen J. Riney: No, it's not adjusted out of net income. It is a PRT refund because of, there are some costs related to prior year items. That's not an unusual type of thing to happen in the North Sea. We have that happen on a regular basis, we never adjust that out, whether it's a benefit to us or a detriment to us. We don't adjust it out for calculating adjusted earnings or adjusted EBITDA. It is – it's a large item this quarter relative to typical PRT simply because PRT is now approaching zero with the price environment that we have. But it's not – if you go back two or three years, you'll find PRT expense of nearly $300 million in some years.
Stephen J. Riney: That's right. So if we assume we don't pay down any debt this year, we expect to end closer to the $1.5 billion of cash where we started. We had about, a little over $450 million of cash consumption in the first quarter. Roughly two thirds of that, if you just take, if you look at first quarter actual versus the plan that it would take for the year to get to cash flow neutrality, of that $450 million, and about two thirds of that is because we built working capital in the first quarter and we had practically zero sale proceeds in the first quarter. We expect both of those items to be cash flow generators for us by the time we get to the end of the year. So, about two thirds of the $450 million is simply because of that. We had a pretty significant build in working capital during the quarter. The other one-third of the $450 million would be split roughly 50-50 between the overspend on capital in the year, versus kind of an average quarterly run rate for the year and the shortfall on revenues, less OpEx, because of the fact that prices were below our $35, $2.35 Henry Hub plan for the year. On the working capital side, I mean, so why did we build working capital in the first quarter? The primary reason for that is because of the pay down of payables and accrued costs between the end of the fourth quarter last year and the end of first quarter this year. And that's primarily because activity is slowing down so much, so our payables are coming down. Activity won't continue to slow down quite at the pace that it did through that timeframe, and we expect inventory and accounts receivables, which tend to lag a bit, the pay down of payables, those to also come down through the year. And then we've got some pretty significant unique items, if you will, on the working capital side that we expect late this year, probably in the fourth quarter. Those are primarily in the form of tax refunds on loss carrybacks that – one has been filed, one is about to be filed. And then also, we do anticipate some asset sales, which will also take place later this year, the proceeds of which will come in late in 2016. So all of those things combine to offset the $460 million cash deficit that we incurred in the first quarter.
Stephen J. Riney: A very longwinded way of saying, yes, we anticipate getting back to $1.5 billion cash with the same debt level by the end of this year.
John J. Christmann: Well, thanks, David. That is one of the areas that we've got inventory that we could put back to work. I mean, right now we do not have a rig that's over there. We've drilled some fantastic wells with, where the cost structure is moving now and when price has gone. That would be one of the areas that we could do, add some future activity to. But right now we don't have anything immediately planned to do, but we've got a lot of nice inventory.
John J. Christmann: Well, I will take you back to what I said on the last call was, in 2016 another $900 million, which would have put our capital budget midpoint around 2.5, would have kept his flat in 2016. As we look at 2017, clearly we continue to make progress on the efficiency side, which would lower that. Our decline on our base is flattening, it's a function of, we're now 18 months into a slowdown in terms of the numbers of wells we've been bringing on, so that helps. Plus the base rate is a little lower that you have got to keep flat. So we see clearly less capital in 2017 to keep it flat, but it's kind of a moving target at this point. And then obviously the other factor is we've got some projects that we are advancing, Kaliter (29:28) in the North Sea is on track, which would give us a big kick in the middle of 2017. So it's going to be less, but it's pretty dynamic and we're in the middle of working through a planning process at this point. So at this point I'll just say it's going to be less than it would have been this year and you're right, $900 million or $45 base plan versus our $35 would have kept us neutral in 2016. But it will be a lower number for 2017.
John J. Christmann: Well, and I'll let Steve chime in, in a minute, a lot of its timing of how things came up first quarter. We had a big drop in a couple of areas. It is not something that will be there for the rest of the year, which is kind of why we moved our number down from $9.50 guidance to about $9.25, but we're making progress, and I've got confidence the guys can keep working on those numbers.
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean, I think the key is, Evan, we budgeted to be cash flow neutral this year at $35 and a $2.35 gas price. We're a little bit behind that in the first quarter on oil, we're behind it on gas. Clearly, in April we've seen a little bit of a rebound. So if the strip were to hold up, clearly we're going to be in a position to have some cash to deploy in the back half of the year, and those are the types of things we would look at. But there's lots of things out there. I mean, we've got debt we could address or the program. But the plan would be to – cash flow is going to be the governor, we plan to stay cash neutral, and we'll have some options to choose from if the current conditions hold.
John J. Christmann: Well, we mentioned we'd been doing a lot of strategic testing. I mean, most of our North American capital is designed to that. We had some wells that were down that we wanted to complete and, you know, to be able to evaluate those. The Eagle Ford will require a little higher hurdle than some of the other plays. So as we start to think about in the future potentially putting capital back to work, right now it would not be the first place it would go. But we're seeing great progress in the Eagle Ford as well and have made a lot of progress over the last 18 months. So it's something I think can be an option in the future.
John J. Christmann: John, I'd say if you look at our strategic testing, it really falls into several buckets, and I don't have an exact split on how much of it is in that portion of it, but we're doing three things, really. We're testing new acreage, we're testing new zones and then we're optimizing within zones. And if you look at our completions in the – a lot of the Permian as well as the Woodford or even the Eagle Ford, I mean, we're taking and integrating seismic data, core data, petrophysics, landing zones, everything. And so we're doing a lot of time on that, and I think that's where you're seeing some of the productivity things that are showing up from that time that we're taking to do things properly, and we've learned an awful lot.
John J. Christmann: Yes, I would say that really, since the fall of last year, it's become a lot more collaborative. I mean, we've had some really good sit-down discussions with some of the small service companies as well as some of the very big ones and have had some really, really constructive conversations on how do we lower the cost structure in North America, and a lot of progress on that front. And I think a willingness to recognize that that's what is going to take going forward. And you're seeing some of the fruits show up, not just in terms of cost reductions from the service side, but in terms of execution, efficiencies, structural things, a lot of these things that are going to be permanent. And that's what's important.
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean, I think one of the big things is we've stepped back. We've gone from trying to bring on a lot of wells and completing a lot of wells to really getting back to managing your base, and looking at fluid levels, looking at optimizing how we're producing these wells, changing some of the lift, it's amazing what you can do when you take the time. Compression, optimizing water shut offs, little things. And there's not a lot of money, but boy, it sure makes a big, big difference. I mean, we've got back in, cleaned out some injectors in some of our water floods, some of the old bread and butter, classic Apache things that we've done for decades.
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean, clearly, as we started the year, we said it was in the 25%, 26% range. As we bring on fewer wells, which is what we've done, it has flattened and is flattening. That's a good topic of discussion with me and our reservoir engineers, because we are always working on that. But clearly it is coming off and clearly in terms of flattening, and then also all these projects help too. So I think you'll see us continue to focus on that. It gets back to the quality of having some conventional, and a big chunk of our Permian is water floods and CO2 floods and things that just don't decline as rapidly. There's a lot of things you can do, scale cleanouts, all kinds of things, moving more water, there's just a lot – you have a lot more options to pull on your conventional asset base and you're seeing us pull those. So I think you will see it flatten.
John J. Christmann: Yes, I would say that the changes in the PRT are very helpful. It does not change where we are in terms of the game plan. I mean, we've got such a low cost structure there relative to the rest of the industry, and we're going to generate cash flow out of the North Sea, much like Egypt, on our international portfolio. So it does not change big picture the steps we're taking, but it does make things more attractive, and provides us incremental cash flow, it lets us do a few more things. We do plan to bring Storr and Kinord into the back half of this year at this point. So that would be – the plan would be to at least get the wells drilled at this back half of the year or could spill into next year.
John J. Christmann: Yes. I mean, when you look at – we put in the supplement a good bar chart that shows the steps in terms of how the costs have come down really over the last five or six quarters. So I continue to be amazed at what we can do. Obviously, there are certain things that, as you get lower and lower, it gets harder to keep having those sorts of reductions. I mean, I think $3.5 million for a mile-long lateral in the Delaware is pretty strong, especially with the type of productivity the well's come on. It tells you we're not cutting corners on the completion or anything like that. So, yeah, we'll clearly keep driving. The guys will tell you they can keep taking off small chunks, but how far – how much further can we go, I think that will be a function – we'll just have to wait and see what we can do. In terms of performance, it's going to end up being pretty similar to the Seagull. The 2,800 BOEs a day included gas, the 2,000. As Tim referenced, it's very early on the Bluejay, and that's just on the oil side. So I think it's going to be a pretty similar well before it's all said and done. But we'll have to wait and see.
John J. Christmann: Charles, a couple of things. Number one, we've seen tremendous progress and now we've got a lot of wells with returns actually full cycle, fully burdened, look pretty darn good. So I think we've got plenty of inventory. If you go back a year ago, everybody started ramping up and adding rigs quickly and expecting prices to hold. And unfortunately, those that outspent significantly in anticipation of what I'll call visibility into more flat, longer sustainable price environment, ended up having to go back to the debt markets or the equity markets, that sort of thing. So I mean we're going to be cautious. We're going to be very thoughtful and disciplined. And like I said, we're going to want to see some cash flow accrue before we start putting things back to work. But we'll have a lot of conversations over the next couple of months and weeks, actually starting next week with the Board. A lot to talk about, and the nice thing is we have a lot of attractive options right now. We've also got a lot of things we want to test. And quite frankly as I look at the results and I look at the well cost, I'm glad I didn't outspend in some of the other quarters, because we've got wells that we didn't drill. I mean, we continue to make progress and we'll do things differently. So there's a fine line of feeling when we're ready to move forward. We clearly had the financial capacity to do so. The returns are starting to look pretty darn good, and it's a function of managing and balancing your financial structure.
John J. Christmann: Yeah, no. We're going to have to be prepared to live in volatile bands. But I just want to see more visibility into more belief we're going to have the cash flow that's going to come with the price, and it's going to stay there a little bit, so.
John J. Christmann: And, Michael, in my prepared comments, we said obviously there would be some that went into the development side of Permian as well as some acceleration of some of the testing. And then also you've got a couple platform rigs in the North Sea that we'd like to keep active. And then you've got Egypt – projects in Egypt as well as the Woodford. So we look at what sets us up best for the future, and we look at the timing under which we want to go drill some development wells as well. So it'd be a balance, but you'd see some of it going to development potentially and then some of it would accelerate some testing.
John J. Christmann: The Pecos Bend area is a very small area that we've got, and we've been pretty active there. I think it shows you, it's a block of acreage that's less than 10,000 acres. And quite frankly, the other nice thing there is we have a high mineral interest. So we don't have many royalty owners we have to share anything with. But it just shows you the depth and the number of wells and so forth that we can continue to drill. We've got a good, I would say, probably 40 to 50 wells there easily that even the one zone would add.
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean, the best thing I can do is point you back to our November 2014 Analyst Day where we broke the areas down. I mean, we've got 3.3 million gross acres in the Permian. We've got about 1.6 million to 1.7 million net. The four-county area we showed in the southern Midland Basin, we've got over 200,000 acres. That did not really include even the Audrian County stuff. So the best place to go look at those acreage counts would be going back to our analysts update from late 2014.
