John Christmann: Yeah. I'll make a few comments on - just in general on Egypt, and then I'll have Dave step in a little bit in terms of just rig count and things. But I think what you've seen is, finally, we can get out in the public about a real important step in the process that we've been working through and modernizing our PSCs in Egypt. This is something that we started really prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. But I will tell you, we've been negotiating in good faith and in earnest with Egypt since -- for more than a year. And we're at a point today where after working with the Minister of Petroleum as well as EGPC, we were able to announce this on Tuesday. It's really a framework that sets the future for Egypt. We've been clear not to touch guidance this year. We've now had to go through the approval process, and there are some steps to go through the parliamentary process and ultimately get things ratified, and then we'll be able to talk more about it. But as we go through the year, we will be picking up some activity. There's just a lot of projects in Egypt that had been - become non-competitive because of the terms of the PSC, and this is really going to open up some projects that we're ready to fund. I think this is going to be a win-win for both the country of Egypt and Apache, and it's going to really put us on a much stronger than just maintenance curve for Egypt. So Dave, I'll let you jump in and add a little bit more to that.
John Christmann: Yes. And I guess, John, we look at the Suriname budget, we really haven't touched that, right? I mean it's just a timing thing. Bonboni will be the next exploration well. We're obviously anxious to go drill it. And it is 45 kilometers to the north, so it's -- to give you an idea just the scale and scope. So we aren't shifting dollars there, consuming any of that. We've left the Suriname budget kind of where it is. That's just a kind of timing. And quite frankly, we had a pretty good idea what their cadence was going to be as we entered this year anyways.
John Christmann: No, I mean, Doug, great question. And you'll have to just wait until we get things finally approved for us to really dive in and give any - a lot of details on it. But I'll just say, we - stepping back, it's a holistic approach. This is something that will be good for Egypt. We've looked at things very carefully. This has been a process that has been very lengthy and very thorough and very comprehensive. And it really is in line with the minister's objective of modernizing the oilfield in Egypt. And I think it's going to have some benefits that's going to enable us to direct more dollars into the drilling programs and into the volumes, which are going to generate more revenue. And so we've got a deep inventory. We're seeing good early results off of the seismic with the Hadid announcement that we had this - within the supplement this go-around. So we're excited about Egypt. And quite frankly, this really puts us in a position where we can fund some projects that are ready to go.
John Christmann: Mike, thanks for the question. Yes, we typically wait to talk about portfolio transactions and things after we've announced them and so forth. So -- but I don't think it's a big secret. We've had a pretty small package in the Permian that's in the market. It's non-core, some higher cost waterflood-type stuff that we may be in a position to transact on, we'll see. We're kind of working through that now. I think the point is we've got the rig running in the chalk. We're open to looking at what we will and will not be investing in. And as we make progress on things like modernization in Egypt, it's a continual process for us. So a lot of key things going on, but we're open and always looking at various things with the portfolio.
John Christmann: Well, with Keskesi, there were a couple of things that happened there that I think were key. Number one, we got down below the unconformity. I think, number -- and proved that we had charge in hydrocarbons. I mean, that's obviously why we had to stop. And then the other key fact that was important was at that depth, we proved that we could have quality reservoir in those carbonates. And so -- and it also was very, very rich hydrocarbon, not just a dry gas. So we're encouraged by that. It's a prospect and a play that's going to need to be tested. But it's also going to take a different well design than what we had. We were very close to getting down to the first target. There were two targets that we're going after. But we had to call it early and we did. But that's something we'll be working with our partner, Total, on to come back with an exploration well that will test those Neocomian targets at a later date, because both of us were encouraged by what we had seen leading up to getting very close to the first target.
John Christmann: Yes. I'll just say that there were some projects that the PSC was making them less competitive, right? And by modernizing the PSCs, there's projects that move up the queue that we can fund, and we'll be looking forward to fund. So there's no doubt it's a critical step. And this is not -- it's not uncommon. You got to understand these PSCs, we've been in Egypt for over 2.5 decades now. A lot of these fields have been operated since the mid-90s. And so stepping back and going through this, this is just the evolution that's required in an oilfield, right? So.
John Christmann: Well, I mean, I think it's all about building the executive leadership team that we want for long term. And Tracey brings a wealth of experience and a wonderful skill set. She's worked in small publicly traded companies, so she understands where they had to explore for a living. I think she'll bring a lot of expertise, a lot of experience. She's built exploration teams. I think we've got a lot of key pieces here that she'll be able to come in and hit the ground running and work with, and a portfolio that fits a lot of her expertise. So she was absolutely our #1 candidate, and we're thrilled to ever join us.
John Christmann: Yes. Gail, on the ESG front, we've emphasized there's really three areas. I mean we're focused on air, water, communities and people, right? And I think the key for us, too, is we're focused on near-term projects that we can do that can make an impact. And I think the area we're focused on right now mainly is flaring And in the -- basically in the U.S., where we're committed to eliminating our routine flaring by year-end this year as well as delivering less than 1% flaring intensity. So key goals there. We're looking at things in the North Sea. But as far as right now, the near-term things, we're looking at some of the low-hanging fruit that we can get after. I don't know if, Clay, you want to add anything on the carbon side in the North Sea.
John Christmann: Well, thanks. Two good questions. I'd say, first of all, when we look at the portfolio, we've said for 2021, not to touch guidance or anything right now. So modernization in Egypt is going to have a big impact for us. It is going to enable us to put Egypt back on a track where we can grow those volumes, and I think it's going to be very beneficial. I think in Permian, we've got one rig running today. We're planning to pick up a second rig midyear. As David has said, we need to grab another rig there to kind of maintain our Permian volumes, and that would be an objective of ours But I think as we look going forward beyond that, we don't see trying to ramp up to a big activity pace and try to grow aggressively, that we think we want a modified moderate investment pace where we're investing very wisely and very -- making very capital -- efficient use of that capital. Your question on Suriname, clearly, we're underway with -- as Total as operator. They've got two rigs running in the vicinity of the Sapakara discovery. We have not put out any time lines, and I don't see a anything magical about when you need the FID a project. I think the key for us is doing the appraisal work collecting the data, so we can ultimately FID a project. There's lots of optionality. You are very likely looking at potential FPSOs like what's been done next door, but it's just really premature to get into anything there. I don't see anything magical about a year-end time line to make a first oil 2025. I think that could easily slide into next year and still make that type of time frame. So we're not pressing for any hurdle there. You want to do the work, you want to do it right, and then you want to be in a position to FID the projects when you're ready to FID the projects.
John Christmann: Yes, Leo, great question. It is a result of the new seismic. It was 2013 when we shot our last vintage, and then we started shooting this new seismic in really the '18, '19 still shooting process out there. It's given us more clarity where we can see things that are more subtle, and we're starting to move really from just drilling big bumps to things that have a stratigraphic element to them. This is a trend where it sets up multiple wells within the discovery area, but it also sets up very similar-looking prospects that look much like it. So it really gives you some insight into the lens we have now and the opportunity that we know sits out there that we now can start to crystallize as we continue to drill more wells off of the new seismic and refine that process. So on timing, I don't have that for you today. I can let - I think Clay can jump in on that on - actually on the Hadid well.
John Christmann: Yes. I mean, it's all planned activity. Second and third quarter were, from the get-go, planned. It's pretty heavy maintenance periods. We were unable to do some of it last year, so they're going to be a little heavier this year. And then you're going to have a really strong rebound in Q4 as we bring everything back online. So I think the -- our guidance for the year is -- we reiterated that. And I don't know, Dave, is there anything else on shape or anything for Qs two and three for North Sea.
John Christmann: Thank you. I'd like to leave you with the following parting thoughts. Delivery was very good in the first quarter, and we have reiterated our full year guidance. Commodity prices continue to be constructive, and we have clear visibility into at least $1 billion in free cash flow this year. We are seeing the benefits of our diversified portfolio as increasing volumes in the Permian over the next two quarters will more than offset the seasonal planned maintenance downtime in the North Sea. Activity will also be picking up in Egypt as we move into the back half of the year. We have successfully transitioned operatorship on Block 58 to our partner, Total, with two rigs conducting very active appraisal and exploration programs for 2021. We look forward to updating you on our continued progress throughout the year. That concludes our call today.
David Pursell: Yeah. Thanks. Let's step back. And I think, John, you had - you framed your question on what we've said before around wanting to maintain the business. So let's think about maintenance capital. So right now, we're going to spend this year roughly around -- these are going to be round numbers - $900 million of development capital. And that's -- and in that mode, production's in a modest decline. So we think about two places we'd want to flex capital to arrest that decline, that would be in the U.S. in the Permian Basin, primarily, and in Egypt. If you think about a rig line, we've talked about needing potentially a full rig line or a partial rig line in addition to the two we'll have in the second half of this year in the Permian to sustain production and then more rigs in Egypt. And we've talked about seven to eight rigs needed to sustain or maintain production there. And so if you think about a rig line in the Permian and a handful of rigs in Egypt, that puts you roughly $200 million incremental dollars. So our maintenance capital is about $1.1 billion. And the key here is we're not talking about material growth, but we're talking about maintaining production. And that gives us some optionality in the portfolio to where we want to add that capital to maintain our global production. And so that frames the maintenance capital, and I'll throw it over to Steve to add some more color on that.
David Pursell: Yes. Just to reiterate what John said. The TARs [ph] in the second and third quarter, probably a little larger than normal because they were abbreviated last year because of COVID issues. So we'll see second and third quarter impacts, rough order of magnitude, those are kind of in the 6,500 barrel BOE per day range expected through the quarter for second and third quarter just on those impacts, and we'll see a rebound in the fourth quarter. So again, as John said, no change to guidance.
David Pursell: Yes. Neal, this is Dave Pursell. From an activity standpoint, we have five DUCs that we're completing as we speak. We completed two earlier in the year. We're going to evaluate the performance of those. But given where oil prices are, and we've got -- as we've talked about on this call, we have a constrained capital budget with oil in the 60s, it's hard for Alpine to compete with oilier capital in the Permian and in Egypt. So our view is let's evaluate the performance of the DUCs and then we'll decide or evaluate potential third-party capital.
David Pursell: Yes. On well capital, so far, the answer is no. We would - we're looking for it. We'd anticipate it. We're looking at steel to see if we see inflation on the OCTG side of it. I think where we're feeling the inflation, and Clay talked about it on the LOE stuff, your basic operating chemicals and diesel costs. So we're seeing a little more real-time inflation on the -- at the LOE level and less at the capex level right now.
Stephen Riney: Yeah. So we entered, I think, good context for this is that we entered the year as people will recall, it seems like years ago, but ended this year with a plan that was based on $45 WTI, and it had a - as Dave called it, the development capital, the $900 million of development capital, if we just set aside Suriname, was about a 60% reinvestment rate. And at current strip, that same amount of capital is less than a 40% reinvestment rate. So clearly, this is not a reinvestment rate that's going to sustain, and it's not a maintenance level of capital spending. And so we've got a continued slight decline in production volumes. And we've talked about this in the past, that the #1 priority coming into the year when it still looked like a pretty difficult year was that we needed to get debt paid down. We needed to get the balance sheet strengthened an we needed to star the process and that was the most important financial priority. But it is prudent [ph] to spend at of maintenance capital level and maintain the production volume going forward and we probably need somewhere in the neighbourhood of $100 million to $200 million more development capital in order to get into that neighbourhood. And with price where they are, and if they hold up, I think we’re likely to start increasing capital in the second half in order to get that point and most of that is Dave outlined is going to be in the Permian and Egypt, especially Egypt with the modernization efforts as that proceeds and gets the final approval. And I just want to echo on that. The issue there was the old structure of the PSCs and how they work. These were very old vintage PSC structures. And it has nothing to do with the fact that Egypt actually has some very highly economic opportunities in quite a bit of them and just needed the PSC structure that enabled the capital investment in that. And I'll just echo once again John's point that none of this is in our guidance. It's not in the capital for guidance nor is it in the production volume or anything else for guidance. And just to reinforce what Dave said, I'd ask that we please don't throw us into the bucket of growthers [ph] because this is not an aggressive growth spending plan. This is just about a prudent step towards getting to at least a maintenance level of capital spending.
Stephen Riney: Yes. I'd just say, Doug, we applaud and respect the effort. We just can't get into details because it's still got quite a bit of process to go. But we've made a major milestone here with the agreement in principle, and so we're on our way. And I'd just like to reiterate, Egypt is a fantastic country to do business in and it's got some of the best underlying opportunity in our entire portfolio and long legs on that inventory as we're proving with the seismic and some of the activity going on, on the exploration side. And all we're accomplishing with this is the -- is getting rid of an old, outdated PSC structure that created artificial barriers, to being able to access some of that really attractive opportunity. We'll give a lot more details as we get closer to this.
Stephen Riney: Yes. Great, Doug. And I think that I was probably a bit too understated in my prepared remarks. And the point of that was really just to highlight where we've gotten to in one quarter from the plan that we laid out to all of you in February. Our original plan, as I said, we report at $45 WTI. It had somewhere around $350 million of free cash flow. And the point of the - of my prepared remarks was to just indicate that it's over $1 billion now. And maybe I could do a little bit better than that and say that at the current strip, it will be well over $1 billion. We - the only thing I would say about that, though, is we don't give guidance on free cash flow. We haven't done that in the past. And I don't want to start that process on an iterative basis at this point, mainly because there are so many different measures out there of what people call free cash flow. And we've defined what ours is, so we're very clear about that. But we're going to continue not to give guidance on it. And the second thing I would say is, if I go back to my comments earlier around maintenance capital, on the -- if you just set Suriname aside, we're somewhere -- and yet, we continue to invest $200 million in Suriname, you only need about 100 -- somewhere between $100 million and $200 million more to get to a maintenance level of capital on the development side. So we're not far from that. And then -- and so that's what your difference is, it requires $100 million to $200 million more in order to sustainably access this, what I would call well over $1 billion of free cash flow, in this price environment for an extended period of time. And I think what we've shared in the past is that we certainly are confident we can do that for five to 10 years, and we're always looking for opportunities to be able to do that for an extended period of time beyond that.
Stephen Riney: Thanks for the question. Gave me the opportunity to be a little less conservative on the free cash flow.
Stephen Riney: Yeah. Jeanine, so this is Steve. Yes, we've talked about the fact that we are -- we've talked externally about -- we're targeting at least getting down to 1.5 times debt to EBITDA. We may need to move lower than that. Certainly, the direction things have been moving in general over time. We believe something at or below that number is going to be what's required to get back to investment grade. And as I said in my prepared remarks, that's ultimately the real underlying goal, is to get back to investment grade, and we're going to do whatever it takes to do that. We're clearly making some tremendous progress this year by our estimation at the current strip. We'll have net debt-to-EBITDA down to approaching 2, about 2.1 times debt-to-EBITDA at the end of this year. Even if you adjusted that to -- well, what would happen if we were in a $55 price environment for 2022, we'd still only be slightly higher than the 2.1, maybe 2.2 or 2.3. So it doesn't move up considerably. So we're - we've made tremendous progress or will make tremendous progress this year if prices hold up. As far as how we're going to do that, we haven't gotten into the details of exactly how we're going to do that. But it obviously has to result in paying off some of the bonds historically. What we've generally said is we're going to do it the same way we've done it in the past. We've done combinations of open market repurchases. We've done 10b5-1s. We've done tender offers, refinances, and we will do all of the above. I don't believe -- at this point in time, I don't believe you'll see a material amount of refinances going forward until we get to -- back to investment grade. We've got about a little over $335 million of debt maturing in the next couple of years, and that will just be paid down as it matures.
Stephen Riney: Yes. I - obviously, both of those are important. I think we have to get the balance sheet in order and get debt down and get at least at a minimum, get back closer to a point where we think achieve investment grade before we start looking at the dividend again. And as we've discussed before and I think we've talked with you specifically about it, we look at debt paydown as a return to shareholders because every dollar of debt that we can get off the balance sheet today will add more than $1 to the market cap of the company, we believe, because we think that the debt level is actually weighing on the share price. And so while it's not the same as a dividend and we recognize that, it does benefit shareholders directly with debt paydown. And we haven't made any specific plans as to what we're going to do. We've got quite a bit still to accomplish on the debt paydown effort. We - as I said, we'll accomplish quite a bit of that, hopefully, this year. We'll need to do more of it in 2022. And at an appropriate time, we'll reconsider whether we need to bring the dividend back or whether we want to start bringing the dividend back and we'll certainly hold out the option that we could start looking at the dividend prior to actually getting investment grade. That is clearly an option for us.
Stephen Riney: No, I think -- Paul, I think in the short term, it's a function of needed debt reduction. But I think longer term, it's just in the -- it's part of the function of more cash flow for shareholders. And we've been in a position for quite some time that growth was not an objective that was worth chasing in and of itself. And that this business needs to be something that's returning cash to investors. We need to get the balance sheet fixed first in order to do that. As I mentioned earlier, we think reducing debt is a return to shareholders, just a different type. But longer term, when we get debt where it needs to be, we're not going to be looking for double-digit growth, but we're going to be returning cash to investors.
Stephen Riney: Yes. Let us be clear one more time maybe. We are not changing our guidance at this point in time. We just said that if prices hold up and we continue to make progress on the Egypt modernization, we may be looking at some further capital spending or capital activity in the second half of the year. If we were committed to doing that, we would be looking at contracting rigs and we would be telling you we're changing guidance, but we're not doing that right now.
Doug Leggate: Forgive me for getting technical on this, John, but I just want to make sure you understand my question. Do you have isolated cost recovery pools that you couldn't recover because they were ring-fenced? And I'm just trying to understand if you could - your share of production could go up sort of overnight as a consequence of being able to tap into those cost recovery pools without any incremental capital
Doug Leggate: Okay. I don't want to hold the call guys. That was actually my first question. My second one, I won't go to Suriname this time, but I'd like to ask you, Steve, about free cash flow. Look, obviously, $500 million adjusting for working capital, $1 billion for the year that current. There is some something not adding up there. I just wonder if you could just frame for us what you think the scale of the more than $1 billion could look like. And more importantly, in a relatively complex portfolio in some people's view, what's the longevity, ex Suriname, of sustaining that free cash flow from the current portfolio? And I'll leave it at that. Thanks.
Doug Leggate: Steve, that's really helpful. I mean Suriname's in the stock [ph] for free, and I appreciate the answer.
Clay Bretches: Yeah, Gail, this is Clay Bretches. And with regard to the LOE, it was just a masterful performance by our operations folks in the field. They did a great job. They understood the task that was at hand. Last year, we went through some significant cost-cutting exercises. We identified the areas where we could cut cost. We knew that those needed to be sustainable, especially when we were looking at commodity prices in 2020. So we had an all-hands-on-deck approach to this. There was a lot of bottoms-up initiatives that led to this LOE reduction. It wasn't short term. It wasn't just deferral of expenditures, maintenance, et cetera. There was some of that, but it wasn't significant. The big issues here in LOE reduction had to do with those initiatives that took place. If you take a look at where we had the most significant reductions, it was in the Permian. A lot of that had to do with the wells that we shut-in. We have a lot of wells that are what we call frequent flyers, wells that go down a lot. We took those out of service, and those are still shut-in because they cost us a lot of money and they're not economic to run. Furthermore, a lot of our waterflood properties that just weren't providing the economics, we went through and looked at these on a well-by-well, field-by-field basis, there's a lot of water that's not being injected right now because it's really expensive to inject that water. We still have approximately 300,000 barrels a day of water that we don't inject, which saves us a lot on electricity, a lot on maintenance, a lot on personnel overall. So in general, it's just the approach that we took. We want to maintain that. That's something that we talk about as an operations group on a regular basis. How do we maintain this low LOE profile as we go forward? In light of the fact that commodity prices are increasing, we do have concern about inflation and service costs. So we focus on making sure that we keep that LOE down, continue to strive to find initiatives that are going to keep the LOE down and flat in light of the fact that we know that there's going to be some inflationary pressures going forward. So really, again, just kudos to our operations team for getting us to where we are and maintaining those levels.
Clay Bretches: No. Just what you said, obviously, there's a price on carbon in the North Sea, which creates opportunities. Anytime you have a price on carbon, that creates some economic incentives to study carbon capture. So we will take a look at that anywhere that we see a price on carbon. It is something that we were paying attention to in the North Sea. But like John said, what we're focused on right now from an ESG standpoint are those areas that we have control and which are going to be impactful for Apache. So the really big initiative for us from an ESG standpoint is to end our routine flaring in the U.S. onshore by the end of 2021. And we think this is really significant. You hear a lot of ESG claims out there that talk about some type of initiative that's aimed at 2030, 2040, 2050. What we're doing is saying we're going to end routine flaring by the end of this year. And we think that's really significant. And it represents a significant commitment by Apache to do the right thing and to produce responsibly. And we've shown that over and over. If you take a look at the investment that we have made in midstream solutions to make sure that we were performing responsibly, not only with Altus Midstream with those gathering and processing assets that we have in the Delaware Basin, but also our significant investment in the Gulf Coast Express pipeline, Permian Highway pipeline. Both of those are moving over four billion cubic feet of natural gas out of the Permian Basin that not only serves Apache, but it serves a basin in general. Getting that gas out of there and creating opportunities for others to get gas that otherwise would be flared out of the basin. So we've put a lot of investment in those pipes. We've put a lot of commitment in terms of firm transportation to anchor those pipes. So we feel like we're really doing a lot that impacts the gas flaring and ESG initiatives in real time.’
Clay Bretches: Yes. So Leo, this is Clay Bretches. And on the timing for the Hadid we're laying pipeline right now, and we're making sure that we have a pipeline that is sized for -- appropriately for the Hadid, but also for growth opportunities, just like what John said, based on follow-on wells in and around Hadid. And that pipeline is being laid right now and should be in service in the fourth quarter of this year.
