Tim Sullivan: Good afternoon. My remarks today will cover operational activity and key wells in our US and international focus areas and their impact as we plan for 2018 and subsequent years. Our third quarter production results reflect the ramp up in drilling activity Apache began at the end of last year. We have shifted to a growth trajectory and are benefiting from the fiscal discipline and returns focused drilling programs that we initiated in 2015. During the third quarter, we maintained activity at a measured pace, averaging 36 operated rigs worldwide with 17 in the Permian, 4 in other North American areas, 12 in Egypt and 3 in the North Sea. In North America, third quarter 2017 adjusted production average 207,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up 7% from the second quarter. Please note these volumes exclude Canada, where we completed our country exit during the period. With the success of our Midland basin drilling program and the continued production ramp at Alpine High, third quarter oil production increased 8% quarter to quarter. Our core Midland Basin assets are the primary contributor to these higher oil volumes. At our Wildfire field in Midland County, we completed seven wells with mile and a half laterals at the June tippet-12/13 pad. The pad comprises four completions in the lower Spraberry with twelve by spacing and three completions in the Wolfcamp B on six by spacing. These wells achieved an average 30-day peak initial production rate of 1058 BOE and fifty per day, producing 83% oil. Also in the Wildfire field, on the Lynch A unit, we drilled a six well lower Spraberry pad, also with 12 by spacing. The wells were drilled with a mile and a half long laterals and average a 30-day peak IP rate of 1142 BOE per day, producing 85% oil. At the Powell field in Upton County, we drilled the CC4045, a six well pad with two mile laterals on 12 by spacing staggered in the Wolfcamp B1 and B3 formations. These wells have been online for about four weeks and are trending toward an average 30-day peak IP rate of 1300 BOE per day with 80% oil. We plan to drill three additional wells on this pad in early 2018. These excellent Midland Basin well results are reflective of our integrated approach to determine optimal landing zones, pattern spacing, lateral length and completion design. At Alpine High, net sales to Apache averaged 13300 BOE per day during the third quarter. As we noted in our webcast last month, we began our fourth quarter, producing at a rate of 20,300 BOE per day and assuming this start-up of the Hidalgo CPF by the end of the year, we anticipate achieving production of approximately 25,000 BOE per day. We continue to make good progress on drilling, completion and cost optimization at Alpine High. We recently drilled and completed three wells with an average lateral length of approximately 4500 feet and for an average cost of $5.5 million. We remain very confident that in our development, we will be able to achieve completed well costs in the range of $4 million to $6 million, which is consistent with the economics we put forward when we announced the play last year. I'll turn now to our international assets. Gross production in Egypt increased slightly to 339,000 BOE per day. Adjusted production in Egypt which excludes minority interest and the impact of tax barrels decreased slightly from the second quarter 2017 to 87,000 BOE per day. The decrease in adjusted production reflects the terms of our production sharing contracts in Egypt, which generally provide for fewer cost recovery barrels to the contractor as the price of Brent index crude oil increases. In the North Sea, production increased 9% from the second quarter to 60,000 BOE per day. Net production from the Callater field is currently averaging approximately 14,000 BOE per day from two wells. A third well, the CB1, was recently drilled into a new fault block and found more than 260 foot of net pay. This well is expected to come online later this month. Please see our financial and operational supplement posted today for more information on drilling and production activity during the third quarter in our US and international regions. I'll now turn the call over to Steve.
Tim Sullivan: Good afternoon, Bob. No, we've got one section in the scoop, where we've had three rigs running there. There are seven wells we're drilling. They will finish up year end and then they will - that's where they'll stop for now. And then in the Panhandle, we've got some acreage that we got two rigs in quickly that are going to get in and drill some footage before year end, the whole block of acreage there. So they're just purely picking up some acreage retention.
Tim Sullivan: I mean if you look at the program, we're in really good shape. I mean we've given you the kind of the range. International is going to be pretty similar in the 700 to 900 range. That's where we can sustain our ability to generate good strong free cash flow there. You look at the rest of the rigs predominantly, we're sitting in the Permian with both our Midland basin and Alpine High and we will have the flexibility to flex there either directions. So we've got a lot of flexibility and you'd see it kind of generally across the Permian.
Tim Sullivan: Well, even in Alpine High, we've got good flexibility in there. We don't need - we've got six rigs running there today. We would not need all six of those. I mean the nice thing about Alpine High is a lot of that land and we've got some very astute royalty owners with some very large ranches and they recognize that the best way to maximize value for them and us is alignment on how you would handle that. So it's not like we've got a section by section program, where we've got to go out and drill one well across the whole portfolio. So, we've got a lot of flexibility and that count can be scaled up or down pretty easily as well.
Tim Sullivan: The first two wells we brought on, net production was about 19,500 barrels of oil per day. They're currently producing about 13,000 barrels per day right now. We've got another well that will be bringing on shortly. We do have some facility constraints there with our bundle and some surface facilities. But we also have future drilling plans out at Callater as well. So a lot of good things happening there in the North Sea.
John Christmann: So on the pads, John, as you know we've been pretty vocal that you need to be developing all your areas on a section basis. So these have been designed and we've got a couple more pads coming on between now and the end of year. They've been doing our adequate spacing and pattern tests. So that's why there are no half sections, we're kind of doing a half section test pad. So that's what you've had going on in the Midland and it's really defined tune exactly the pattern and the spacing between the various landing zones that we say. Hedging, I'll let Steve.
John Christmann: And one thing I want to add to Paul is, we've done some things to protect the upside to because we like the exposure even on the oil where we've done some collars, we've also bought the coal as well. So it's more geared towards protecting some downside and protecting the balance sheet over the short term than it is trying to make a price collar because we like actually the constructive nature, especially on the oil side.
John Christmann: The good news is, is with the price movements has gotten very constructive lately. And we find ourselves and can see a price now where we could actually have some free cash flow next year pretty soon. So I mean that puts you in a position to, you know, we've been a company that's maintained our dividend and actually continued to return something to the shareholders over the last three years. So obviously dividend is an option if you look at in terms of - you could be in a position of accretion. Obviously share buybacks or some acceleration, but clearly we would look to find ways to return that to shareholders.
John Christmann: Number one, the write-off is really legacy Anadarko Basin; it's not what we call a SCOOP stack area. So it's going to be more in the Texas panhandle, there's some hangover from the Cordillera transaction many, many years ago. So it's really more just legacy Anadarko Basin acreage have some attractive things in the future, but it's not anything we're funding or planning to fund in the near term. So that's where that is. And in the SCOOP stack, actually it's in the SCOOP area. We've got a section there that we needed to drill a well to hold, but rather than going in and drilling one well, we got in there and did seven wells because that's a proper way to do that. So we're drilling those seven wells in the in the SCOOP there to meet some lease obligations on a section that we really like. And it gives us the ability to test some spacing and things in the SCOOP as well. So kind of two birds with one stone.
John Christmann: I mean I would say at this point we're looking at '18 hard. We're watching the commodity price view. We said we will come out with a plan that's kind of predicated on something slightly conservative to strip. So we're watching that very carefully. I think the good news is there's flexibility. I mean we don't have to outspend to keep Alpine High up and running so to say is the way you phrased it. But we're also looking at what we think is the right thing to do in the right pace to develop Alpine High. That we're just going to really maximize long-term returns and that's really what we're trying to accomplish.
John Christmann: Well, it's a little bit of flexibility on the international side, but we kind of laid out that range where we'd like to stay the $700,000 to $900,000. I think there's flexibility in both places. And I'd also remind you that Alpine High is part of Permian. But there's flexibility in both. I mean you wouldn't see us flex one or the other and we're not talking a massive change from what we've laid out in February of this year anyways. That plan was going to be neutral on the upstream spend at a $55 deck and we're not far from that right now. So we're not talking about a lot that we'd have to pare back and it can be flexed into place. And so we'd look at what we thought made the most sense. And that's some of the exercises and scenarios we're running through right now.
John Christmann: Well, I mean I think it's just different geology. I mean that's something we've gone to great lengths to explain in terms of a source interval versus a parasequence, which is what the Wolfcamp and the Bone Springs are in the Delaware Basin. So actually if you look at the five wells we've drilled, we're very pleased with the results. Since the disclosure on October 9, we've actually had another one well in there that's cleaned up very, very nicely. So it's actually fairly predictable. We're just talking in terms of the geology. You have to get in and do your rigorous mapping. We have to do the inversion work with the seismic. I mean it's more going to be based on where the organics inside and what's really water wet rock and you have to do the detail work. But once you've done the detail work, it's going to be pretty predictable. It's just not a blanket you're going to lay across a large area. Most of the locations you know we'd came out with 500 was based on a couple of landing zones, we've in truthfulness we've added another one, so those location counts are going to go up even since the October 9 disclosure. So we see it as a very prominent program. I can tell you most of those are in the northern trough. And the good news is, with every well we drill in Alpine High, we're looking at all those sections. So we see it as a very viable and a very material play that we're going to continue to move forward. And you're going to see the number of landing zones and the location counts grow.
John Christmann: There's two things I would say, Bob. Number one, we do have some very sophisticated land owners and we've been making great progress on our discussions with them as well. But it's not a matter of just trying to drill the shallow zones and not drill the deeper zones later. What you really want to do like anything is, you wanted to develop the sections properly and very systematically where we would develop the deeper zones and the shallow zones together where we need to do that. What you don't want to do is come back later and drill deeper after you have develop shallower or you're going to find yourself with some of the challenges that you're seeing in the other parts of the Permian. Where now they happen to run extra casing strings and things to deal with water flows because you've they're going to run extrication strange things to deal with water flows because you've because you've dealt in depletion and that sort of thing. So contrary to that one of the advantages we have at Alpine High, we've done a lot of data analytics and been recently able to eliminate even a string of seven of 58s on our 14,000 foot TVD wells. So you want to do this properly and I think the conversations we're having with the landowners are constructive and that you want to go about this in the right way where we can develop the wet gas and the oil zones and you want to do them where you don't have to go back in later. So it's more or less of you know developing everything and then margin directionally than it is trying to develop bottom up or come in and develop all your shallow and then have to drill through your shallow to get your deep.
John Christmann: If you look at '18 and I look at Alpine High and if I just if - even if we were to keep a six rig program, less than half of that would be necessary in terms of near term acreage. So I mean, we're in a really good spot.
John Christmann: I mean if you look today, I mean we've been making that shift. And as of the October 9 disclosure we had 34 wells online. And we said we're going to be virtually halfway there year end with I think another eight wells, we're going to bring on 42 by year end. So as we move forward and start to shift into our pattern and spacing tests, you're going to continue to see us start to climb that curve. I'll give you a little bit of a feel for well camps that are necessary to do that.
John Christmann: I think we're continuing looking at the portfolio and clearly we've got projects in Egypt and the North Sea that have, you know, that are Brent-weighted. We've got some brand new acreage that in Egypt that we just received through the award process. We're anxious to get our seismic shot and we'll actually be drilling wells there. So I think it's more a function of the opportunities as we high grading things, there will be things that we will move up in the portfolio for sure.
John Christmann: I think the thing you got to think about is, number one, we're not far off of that optimal from where we sit today anyway. So and kind of what we laid out at the start of this year would have been what we thought was optimal. So we're not, you know, we're pretty darn close to being that zip code as we sit today. The point is, you always want to balance and what's going to maximize our long-term returns and the pace. And I think the beauty of it is, as it has been alluded to we've got some flexibility, we've got some cash on the balance sheet. You're just trying to balance the right approach. And the good news is, we've got the ability to defer. So those are just some of the trade-offs that you have to balance and that's some of that what I'll call good positive tension. As you find things and discover things, your goal is to always bring more things into the portfolio that give you opportunities to high grade and pull things forward. And so it's just a good healthy situation and tells you the quality of our portfolio. And the other piece I'll say to that is. you see we're in multi-well pads, we're not out one well here, one well there. And so I think the testing we've been doing in the Midland Basic, we've been building a lot of momentum there. The patterns and spacing tests and things were also moving toward Alpine High. Those are all building towards understanding and to finding that optimal pace because that's how you're going to maximize your long-term returns versus short-term things you can do to manage short term.
John Christmann: Well these are half section type tests. And so, depending on the capital level that we decide to disband, you're going to see us moving more into full section development type mode. And you'll see more similar type things, but that will be hinged on the pace that we want to go. And the beauty of having a lot of inventory that's drill ready and the infrastructure that we put in place puts you in a great position to be able to move forward. But you'll see continued building on pad level type economics because fundamentally we think that's how you're going to create the most value
John Christmann: I mean, I'd let Tim go into details on Callater, but first two wells that gone on are performing quite well. Any color you want to add Tim to Callater.
John Christmann: And I would say on the capital shift, Arun, it's pretty minor. But it's more geared towards some of the pad testing and things we're doing in the Midland basin.
John Christmann: We're looking at all options. I mean our gas today is flowing into Mexico, but we're certainly not counting on the Mexican market to be the purchaser of all of our gas. We recognize that we've got to be able to move a substantial volume of gas to the Gulf Coast. We're certainly looking at all options associated with that. And for that matter the liquids as well.
John Christmann: No, I mean, I think as I've answered, we're in a good place in both. I think we'll be able to move both programs forward. if you look at current rig count today as I mentioned less than half of the capital we'll be spending this year as we kind of roll forward into next year would be required in terms of how we need to meet lease obligations in the Alpine High. So I think we're in a pretty good zone that we can materially move both programs forward, like we need to move them forward.
John Christmann: Well, I mean I think the key there is, number one, I mean if you look at the portfolio today, we like the balance that we have across the entire portfolio. We like what we have internationally or like what Egypt and the North Sea bringing to the table with exposure to Brent, we think we've got world class operations there and we differentiate ourselves. And so we like having free cash flow that we can invest. We also like the running room and the exposure we have in those two areas. I think it's a very good compliment. When we look at North America, we're always looking at the portfolio and that's something we will continue to do and continue to do on a daily basis. I like right now we moved up and we've got a nice position in the SCOOP. We could run a couple of rig program up there for several years. And we think it competes fairly nicely. So that's where your rigs are now. But I'll tell you we continue to look at the portfolio, we continue to have those conversations with the board. And I think the nice thing is, with the, you know, those areas there's a lot of upside and there's very little to hold those positions. And so I think they really create options for us in the future because we can see to a point where we're going to be generating a lot of free cash flow coming out of Alpine High.
John Christmann: First of all, if we just take a single rig at Alpine High, it's less than two years before its self-funding. So, it really comes down to pace and how we want to scale that up. I mean that's the way you want to think about that. And that's fully burdened with infrastructure and midstream spend. And then secondly, when we do talk about our numbers, we've got our dividends dialed in. So our dividend payment has been dialed into our capital programs.
Steve Riney: So we don't - we haven't really thought about what the maximum volume at this point in time. We've hedged - we've begun the hedging process. So I think you got to go back to first of all what's the purpose of hedging and why do we do it. We generally like commodity price exposure that's the business that we're in and we prefer to have it. We hedge for purposes of protecting the capital program against say a low price environment. We began hedging oil and gas for 2018 during the quarter. And we put the positions on that you see in the supplement. We feel like that's a good place to be right now. We feel like the oil price movement has been pretty constructive here recently and we'll continue just to monitor that and align any forward hedging program or activity. With that strategy, we want to make sure that we're protecting the balance sheet and cash flows associated with the capital program that we want to deliver.
Steve Riney: Yeah, maybe so Paul. I don't know, I've never worn belts and braces. I don't think that that's necessarily a bad thing in the price environment that we've come out of over the last couple of years in the volatility associated with it. To be a little bit cautious, a little bit conservative about what we're committing to in the capital program and the liquidity and financial capability of meeting those commitments once we've made them. [indiscernible] maybe a bit on the conservative side on doing that, yes. We've indicated the volumes that we've had for the quarters out in 2018 and Waha basis hedges for '19 as well. We haven't gotten into what is that relative to anticipated production volume. The only thing I would say is that we are below 50% of our anticipated production volume in almost every product, in almost every quarter for 2018 and definitely 2019 obviously, we don't have any commodity hedges other than the Waha basis. So we've still got a significant amount of unhedged volumes going into 2018.
Steve Riney: I think the steady-state cash balances obviously quite a bit lower than $1.9 billion. We don't anticipate carrying 1.9 billion for obviously for the extended period of time into the future. We do that now because we've got for several reasons. The two most important would be, we've got some debt maturities coming up in 2018 and we want to make sure that we've got the liquidity to handle those as they come due 560 million of debt maturing next year. And then also just having that backstop of cash and liquidity in the event of downside price volatility. We are still exposed to that and we want to make sure that we've got the liquidity to protect ourselves in the event that that occurs. I think as we get Alpine High in particular, so we get to a midstream solution in Alpine High and as we get to Alpine High becoming a larger scale producing asset and is more cash flow generative and supports itself and certainly we don't need 1.9 billion of cash I would say that would be - at a sustained level of cash is certainly below $0.5 billion.
Steve Riney: We're still in early days of looking at that. And looking at the options, we've got a lot to consider. It's not just about the assets that we own, it's about what's going on in the Permian Basin and what's going on between the Permian Basin and the Gulf Coast. So there's a lot of work to do just to get prepared to consider the question that you just asked. We're going to look at it from the perspective of what creates the most value for the shareholders long term and not so much about what creates cash flow in the short term. We'll certainly look at it from the perspective of how does that impact our strategic value for the upstream, making sure that we've still got adequate elements of control if you will to be able to make sure that the midstream serves the purpose of the upstream as opposed to the other way around. But beyond things like that, we're open to quite a few options and exploring what those options ought to look like before we start talking to anybody in earnest in the marketplace.
Steve Riney: What we're looking at is something that would come available probably in the first half of '19. So it would be - so obviously something that we would start construction on in 2018.
Steve Riney: It's something that we haven't shared yet and we'll probably share that when we get to the '18 plan for - that we'll go through in the fourth quarter results in February.
Steve Riney: By the time we get to a cryo plant, we will obviously need pipe takeaway for liquids as well. So we are looking at that.
