John Christmann: Well, as -- thanks for the question. In general, we don't like to comment on specifics about a well while it's drilling. So, what I will say is as we have drilled through the Campanian. And as I said, we are encouraged by what we have seen. We are headed on to the Santonian. And as we put in the materials last night the plan would be to run open hole logs fluid -- capture fluid samples, cores pressure, tests and so forth.
John Christmann: At this point what I will say is we are working very closely with our partner Total. I'm not in a position to give any color, because we have to work up that plan. There's a time line where we need to deliver that to Staatsolie, which we will do. We're excited about it. We're working on it jointly and we'll be able to talk about that more in the future.
John Christmann: Bob, we would -- that is not something we would typically do. But I mean, it all depends on what we've seen in running the right tests according to what we've seen in the well.
John Christmann: Yeah. I will say the lion's share of that is Suriname. We do have some things on the unconventional side that we're slowly watching and working. But the majority of that will go to Suriname.
John Christmann: I mean, what I'll say Mike, I'll go back and just take a few minutes here. But when Alpine High was announced in 2016, we had great hope for what it could mean for Apache. It had all the key ingredients of an impact play, large-scale, low-cost of entry and we had acquired the heart of the play. And in the end, a number of factors were problematic at Alpine High. First, as you just recognized gas NGL prices fell to less than half of the prices we anticipated for long-term economics. Second the lack of infrastructure prolonged the period to test full development. And this along with the sheer stratigraphic size and aerial extent increased the cost and time to do so. Third, the lack of cryogenic processing capacity did not allow us to test the NGL mix and yields until the middle of 2019, when we actually got the cryos on through Altus. Fourth, we anticipated a meaningful uplift in well productivity and a significant decrease in well cost as we move to pad and pattern development as is the case in almost all unconventional resource plays. We were able to drive cost down below our goals but the uplift in productivity did not materialize. So today it – we've got about 240,000 acres, there's about 200 of it that will kind of expire over the next three years and there's some optionality there. But if you look at the macro environment today, if we got back to an NGL market, where we were late 2018 then there's definitely some things that would be economic but how does it compete in our portfolio is another question. And so that's why we made the decision we made today.
John Christmann: Yes Gail, what gets lost in the shuffle is you've got conventional rock what has the stratigraphic column and the aerial extent of greater than the Permian. We have over 6.2 million acres. I think with the new acreage that we've added and since 2016 and the new 3D that we're shooting, and then you look at our operational footprint, we have a very large business over there which gives us a nice backbone to kind of fill in off of. What I'm excited about is we used to be maybe six months of inventory. Today we see years of inventory and we've really high-graded some very interesting things that if they work could be game changers. And so we're very optimistic about where we are with Egypt and some of the things we've got on the drill schedule. They're off to a really good start. As we said in the prepared remarks it drove some really nice wells, Q4 and we've got some very interesting things to test. But it's Brent, the PSC really insulates you which is another nice factor as we mentioned today, we're going to be shifting a little more capital into Egypt. But I think it's through the productivity and the opportunity set that we've identified. And quite frankly, we just have a lot more inventory that's kind of drill-ready that we can prioritize and get after.
John Christmann: And yes, it does include that. And in terms of with all the reorgan stuff we're doing, our numbers are going to be reported that way. So we didn't really want to break it out but Gary can probably get back with you on a follow-up or something and give you some insight.
John Christmann: Well, I mean, what I would say Charles is that we don't typically comment on A&D activity. I think today with the plan we have and in the market where it is today you wouldn't see us coming out-of-pocket for something. But there's an asset base over there. We have a very nice footprint. And there might be a way to do something creativity-- on a creative side.
John Christmann: Well with the rig we've got today the Noble Sam Croft, we've got one well we've already exercised the option on and then there is another well we can drill. As I said it's very likely we will do that but we don't have to make that decision yet. And so it's an option we just haven't pulled the trigger on. But after -- if we were to elect that option which I said is likely you would -- we would finish the current well we're on we would drill the third well and then potentially the fourth well and then we will release the rig. And I'll just say that in the appraisal plan at Maka will come back with a different rig and a different time line when we're in a position that we can talk about that.
John Christmann: It's going to be early. I mean the first quarter is going to be strong with Garten we delayed from Q4 into Q1. So it -- Garten 2 I think it's going to continue to be lumpy. We've got more wells to drill at Garten. We've got some other prospects that are interesting as we tie back. So North Sea is going to continue to be fairly lumpy based on when we bring these high rate wells on.
John Christmann: Yes, Leo as I said we don't typically like to comment on a well while it's drilling but we did learn our lesson in December at least to not to give you a little bit of an idea in terms of a comment so that's why we've said we're encouraged. We're through the Campanian we've got the Santonian to drill. And then after that we'll have some time to do the evaluation. So not also going to give you a definitive time line but we'll get to that as soon as we can after we TD the well.
John Christmann: I would just say that is the language they put in and how they characterized it. I mean, it -- I'll just leave it at that.
John Christmann: Arun, what I'll say is, there's -- the agreements with the concession terms lining out a time line that you have to follow. So, you have a discovery declaration. And then, we have a window where we have to submit the discovery notice. And then, we have a window where we have to submit the appraisal plan and then, the development process. So there's a time line that we're on there. And we're working through it expeditiously. And I think, the -- us and our partner will try to accelerate those things as quickly as we can, based on the results that you get from the appraisal program.
John Christmann: Yes. I think, today, we look at the portfolio and we really like the balance. We've done a lot of that over the last couple of years. I mean, if you look at the, I'll call them, gas rich or gas heavy assets we divested in Canada, I'm very glad we got our SCOOP/STACK and our Mid-Continent sold last year. So, you look at the portfolio today, we're -- it's tight. We're in nice areas. There's always some small little things that we do from time to time, even within the Permian, either trades and swaps and acreage here and there that we're willing to monetize if people were interested. So, we're constantly looking at that. But I don't think there's anything that's big that we'd say, today, we need to move, or would move right now in this price environment.
John Christmann: No. I mean, I think, the key for us was, we spent really -- 2016 and 2017, really very thoughtfully and methodically understanding how to develop and we got the pads early and really work through that work at that time. And so, what you've seen is, a very steady plan. I mean, we've got about nine months of rig activity just kind of lined out and it gives us the ability to work the infrastructure, do all the things we need to do ahead of that. So I don't see any changes in terms to our development approach. What we have the luxury of doing though, is backing off that capital, because it's short-cycle in nature. This is not something we have to drive forward in this price environment. So the only thing you might see, as we mentioned, the price is down where they are today, even below the range we talked about, you might see a little further slowdown, just because we had the luxury and can do that. I think it's also important to keep frac crews working and a couple of rigs working. So I'll call where we maintain our execution fitness and we continue to work on the continuous improvement to drive those results. But it's been all about getting the pads, doing the testing, looking at the long extended flow periods and really unlocking that, so we understand how the wells can perform, so you can really invest that capital as efficiently as possible.
John Christmann: Yes. I mean, I think, if you look today, we've had a platform rig running both at Barrel and 40s and we've had the Ocean Patriot. We will have the Ocean Patriot this year. We actually did an exploration arrangement, where we're getting carried on a couple of wells in the North Sea out there in the Barrel area which helps a little bit on the capital this year, but a similar program is what we would envision for 2020. And you do have your traditional maintenance season, which we usually get in the third quarter summer months when the weather gets a little better.
John Christmann: Yes. And then really weather. I mean, it was weather is what kind of drove us to have to wait to bring Garten-2 on. So you came out of maintenance turnaround, and then we got into some pretty rough weather in the fourth quarter and that was what kind of had us kick some things back.
John Christmann: I think at a run rate base, we'll be able to get there. I mean, lion share of that is likely going to come out of the overhead piece but we're well on our way and working through that and we should be able to get to that type of run rate later this year.
John Christmann: And I think today if you look at what we're doing in the North Sea, I'm quite proud. I mean we can look out and have three years of pretty stable production between the two. The volumes at barrel are lumpy as we're bringing on subsea tiebacks into our kind of our infrastructure there. 40s is all about the water management program and flattening that decline and managing our cost side. So, I think today we look out and quite frankly we've made a lot of progress over the last three to four years on North Sea and the outlook for the next several years looks as good as it's looked from a planning perspective as I've seen in a while.
John Christmann: Michael, it's really going to depend on what the prices do in between because we gave a range on the capital at $1.6 billion you're closer to that mode at $1.9 billion. We're going to show a little bit of growth. And so and quite frankly if we need to go lower we will. And if we needed to let things move down a hair we are not afraid to do that because we're going to prioritize paying the dividend funding Suriname and paying down some debt. So, we're very comfortable with where we are. We've got a differential asset base. We've got lower decline rates because of the conventional assets in a lot of our areas. And so we feel very comfortable with kind of where we are over the next three to five years with that.
John Christmann: No, it's a steady program, right? So we've got our unconventional program growing and we've got some of the CBP and some of those things slightly declining. So – but it's a pretty steady program. That's the one thing. If you go back to mid-2017, we've been real steady with the program and as a result it puts us in a pretty even cadence.
John Christmann: Yeah I would just say, Josh, it's a function of – you've got your seismic ties and you're working in. This was really our -- Maka was our first well and two Block 58. And so you learn things as you go. And what we've got is we have multiple stack targets in there and we lined it up to kind of drill what we thought would be optimal on the few of them and we kind of validated that. So just – so – just the point was had we moved over we would have probably had a different number in terms of net fee to pay and so forth. And – but you learn that and that's what the appraisal programs will tell you as you start to work through any potential discovery that you have.
John Christmann: No. And we'll have a decision to make on Block 53. We have a 45% working interest in there with our two partners and we do believe there's potential in Block 53 and it's something we'll talk about in the future.
John Christmann: Thank you for joining us on our call this morning. In closing, I'd like to leave you with these final thoughts. If you look at Apache today we have a diversified portfolio and are able to shift capital as appropriate for the commodity price environment. We are foregoing short-cycle near-term growth and prioritizing long-term returns, sustaining the dividend and debt paydown. Guyana Suriname is proving to be a super basin where we hold an anchor block with a world-class partner and have created an advantageous capital structure for appraisal and development. We're encouraged by what we have seen so far in our second well and we have a third and likely fourth well to follow in 2020. We look forward to sharing more information in the future. Thank you.
Steve Riney: Yeah. Mike, so I'm not going to be able to speak to specific pipelines. We've got multiple contractual arrangements for moving gas out of the Permian Basin. And so, it's not -- also not specifically related to Alpine High in terms of the gas evacuation. It's just gas evacuation from the Permian Basin. Let me just step back from that a little bit. We mostly sell our equity production actually in basin, and therefore like on the vast facts that you received with our earnings announcement what you see is the realized price in the Permian Basin at Waha or at El Paso Permian. We have a marketing team that then recommends and implements taking actions around how do we make sure that basin prices are connected to the broader market over the long-terms? And example of an action that they might recommend and did was we need to get some pipelines built to the Permian Basin -- from the Permian Basin to the Gulf Coast, and we helped FID, the two pipelines that you talked about in doing that. And that did well, and it did for a while and it will help connect the Permian Basin to the Gulf Coast. Our marketing organization then manages the exposures associated with those assets. And so, we typically manage that by purchasing gas in-basin and transporting it to meet our obligations on those pipes. We have chosen now to reduce our longer-term exposure. We've accomplished getting those built by participating in the FID process. Those are obligations that do not involve Altus Midstream. That's an obligation of Apache Corporation and we've decided that we want to start reducing some of those exposures and we have initiated that process. As I said in my prepared remarks, we've contracted away. Basically we've contracted with counterparties to take over our obligation of up to 310 million cubic feet a day. That doesn't start immediately, so we still maintain some exposure to that in the short term and that's probably a good thing at this point in time. But we're taking away the longer-term exposure on some of the pipeline transport capacity that we have in the Permian Basin. And at this point we're still working on a bit more of that. We would like to bring that down just a bit more.
Steve Riney: Yeah, Jeanine, this is Steve. So I think the first thing we got to do is there's a lot of people out there like to talk about maintenance capital and lots of uses of that terminology. And I think we like to think about things like that in a purist way, and so we need to be clear what we're talking about. For us maintenance capital, means, we maintain all the volumes and we pay the dividend, but not necessarily any free cash flow creation. It's equally important that you look at how those definitions vary over a time frame. You're going to have a maintenance capital, some people think of maintenance capital as well it's just the next year. And the next year that's one of those cases of well, how long can you hold your breath. And maintenance capital for a year can be pretty darn low. We like to think of maintenance capital at least in a five-year to 10-year time frame and so that includes ongoing asset integrity spend and that includes spending on inventory progression so that you can maintain production over that five-year to 10-year period. But you can also think of maintenance capital over a longer-term 20-plus years, and then you need to start introducing exploration spend as well. And so we don't bother with the one-year definition, because we don't want to test how long we can hold our breath. We just wouldn't bother with a one-year maintenance -- maintenance spend program. In the five-year to 10-year time frame, we've been pretty consistent for the last five years saying, we're somewhere around $45 WTI. We can pay the dividend, maintain oil production volume with no free cash flow retention. And is it 44%, is it 46%? It's somewhere around the $45 WTI range. It's been there for a number of years now. If you go to the 20-year plus definition, that's probably in the $48 WTI range. That gives us enough money to spend on exploration like we're doing now and we've specifically budgeted for 2020 $200 million of exploration capital. And so that's the way we like to think of it. Another way to think of it for us is that if you're in a $50 to $55 world for the long-term, for the next several years, we can continue to fund the dividend, we can fund some cash to pay down debt as we are talking about, we can sustain oil production volume or grow it slowly over that four-year period, and we can fund Suriname to First Oil. And I think that's an interesting way to be thinking about maintenance capital as well. And, of course, success in Suriname is going to significantly lower that maintenance capital level on WTI prices, because of the structure of the capital carry that we have in our joint venture agreement with Total. So you get out a few years from now that maintenance capital falls way below that $45 to $48 WTI price environment, because of that capital carry. In terms of specifically looking at -- there are a lot of different ways you can look at what we've talked about for 2020. If you go to the $1.6 billion capital range, the low end of our range, that's contemplating a $46 to $47 WTI price. It means, we still pay the dividend and we fund the $200 million of exploration spend out of that $1.6 billion, and we're probably sustaining production volume at that level pretty flat for 2020 year-over-year. At the high end, the $1.9 billion capital, you're probably in the $53 to $55 range. You're paying the dividend and spending $200 million on exploration. You're retaining $150 million to $200 million of free cash flow for future debt pay down. And in that case you're growing oil production in the low to mid single-digits for 2020. That's a long-winded answer, but I hope that ticks all the boxes for you.
Steve Riney: Yeah, Jeanine. So number one, hopefully I didn't say anything earlier that would lead anyone to the conclusion that we're trying to accelerate development in Suriname. I think, it'll take its proper pace and that's what it will be between us and our partner as we agreed to that. So in terms of funding the activity in Suriname, first of all by our joint venture agreement with Total, it should be clear we were willing to spend 50/50 heads up on exploration, because we are very excited about the exploration opportunities in Suriname and we believe obviously that they'll continue to be successful. When you get into appraisal and development and that's where the capital carry kicks in and starting with appraisal of Maka and any development spend that might come from that and appraisal from any further exploration successes, the $0.875 of every $1 will be spent by Total and $0.125 by Apache. And so we intend to fund any of that for the next four years out of operating cash flow. We don't think we'll have any problem doing that. If we have a problem doing that that means we're doing a heck of a lot of appraisal in development and that would be a great problem to have.
Steve Riney: Yeah, we'll obviously be taking the one-off costs associated with that. We'll be recognizing those on a quarterly basis. We did recognize some of that I think the number was $28 million in the fourth quarter, out of the $33 million that were in that one line item on our P&L. And we haven't put out an estimate of the total cost but we'll probably do that as we go through the next few quarters.
Steve Riney: Yeah, David, we intentionally just gave one-quarter of guidance on that, and I'd prefer not to get into any more than that at this point in time. We'll give more guidance as we go through the year as we get more clarity on what those costs are going to be given the ongoing cost focus program and the pace of change of that program. So let us do that as we go through the next few quarters.
Steve Riney: Yes, I'd just requote that famous quote of "rumors of my demise have been greatly exaggerated" when it comes to the North Sea. In 2003, when Apache bought the North Sea assets the 40s field it was scheduled for abandonment in 2012. Today, it's scheduled for abandonment in the 2030s and that keeps moving out. So, there's a lot to do in the North Sea. And I wouldn't worry too much about the next three to five years.
Steve Riney: Yes. I just Michael I'll just add -- this is Steve just going back to the comments I just made a few minutes ago. For the next several years at $50 to $55, which other than today people have been generally talking about that's kind of the right price environment, should be posting on with all recognition appropriate recognition of where prices are today and where they're headed. At $50 to $55 we can do all of those things John just talked about. We can pay the dividend. We can fund Suriname to First Oil. We can retain enough free cash flow to pay down debt the $937 million of debt that will mature over the next four years. And we can sustain or even grow. You get to the $55 price environment -- we can grow oil production slightly over that time period.
Dave Pursell: Yes, Leo this is Dave Pursell. I think generally if you look at our unconventional inventory we have more activity in the Southern Midland Basin side than when you look at New Mexico in the Delaware Basin generally. But we have deep inventory across both basins. And as you look out we've -- we're just drilling a small fraction of our total footprint and we feel good about the long-term inventory depth both in the Southern Midland Basin and the Delaware Basin.
Dave Pursell: Yeah. So this is Dave Pursell. When you think about Alpine, we're not adding any completions this year. So you're going to see effectively the unconventional blowdown. So you'll have a steep decline in the first year and then every year after that the decline will moderate. So think about something in the -- on an annual basis in the mid-30% for the first year and then it will moderate in the -- in years two, three and four.
Dave Pursell: Yes, Paul, this is David Pursell. On a -- if you think about it in terms of gross completions, it's about 60% Southern Midland Basin and 40% on the Delaware side.
