John Christmann: Yes, John, I'd say the program has been pretty constant. We drilled really a multitude of different well types, both on the development side and the exploration side. I think what you're seeing there is the impact from the modernization, there were some things that were not being pursued because of the modernized terms, and we're able to pull some of those forward and prioritize them. So you're running a little higher on the success rate as we get some of that low hanging fruit initially.
John Christmann: Yes. I would just say today, we've got the two appraisal wells that we're drilling at Krabdagu, and that's going to take a good portion of the first part of the year, and that's where the priority is now. And then we do have one exploration slot that is still being worked and we're still debating with partner on which well that will be, but there are multiple wells identified. It's just a matter of which one. So for now, that is the plan. And obviously, we'll readdress that throughout the year.
John Christmann: Yes. I mean in terms of the estimate at Sapakara, there's good confidence. We flow tested those volumes – is really high-quality rock. It's low GOR oil and really got one main sand package. So it's going to have a high recovery and it will be a big key component potentially of a future project. So we have great confidence there. And then we've got the two appraisal wells that are being drilled at Krabdagu right now. In terms of development size and so forth. As we've said, we're working towards a first project. And really, right now, it's premature to talk about anything pending the results of appraisal at Krabdagu, which we're very excited about and it's moving right along.
John Christmann: I mean, Charles, we've prioritized the appraisal at Krabdagu right. And you saw us move from Sapakara with two appraisal wells there, and we're very pleased with those results. And Sapakara 2 kind of came in as we had projected and modeled and obviously anxious for the results at Krabdagu. And so it is fair to say. And its fact, we've prioritized the appraisal program right now.
John Christmann: Charles, I would just say that clearly, one of the wells is ahead of the second and the second one has been on location spudding any time now. So there will be a lag. And we'll just have to see what we decide to do and work with Total in terms of what we come back with and timing. But we're moving on both of those as quickly as possible, and it's very important information.
John Christmann: So two really good questions, Paul. I mean the first thing I would say is as Alpine High is a nice piece of our Permian portfolio, and we look at part of the Delaware Basin. And it's one of the levers we have, the optionality to allocate capital to. We've got really three wells that we're going to be bringing on during the first quarter. And then you'll see kind of a break and then we've got five wells that will be coming on year-end. But it is something we can toggle and we'll tend to leverage that. And what you've seen us this year is given the weakness in Waha and U.S. gas, there's no reason to be bringing on incremental volumes, but it's really about prepping for the opportunity and having that optionality when you look at 2024 and beyond some of the basin bottlenecks open up. So it will be a toggle for us, and it's a place we have the optionality to invest and we plan to use this such and that's been the game plan. I think when you step back in your second question related to bolt-on acquisitions, we did do our first acquisition last year in the Delaware, a very nice tuck-in acquisition. It was one that – we're constantly in the market looking at things as is we have assets in the market. We typically wait to talk about things until there's a transaction or something to do. The tuck-in we did last year is something that's been exceeding our acquisition forecast, something we're very happy with, and it's now integrated into our Delaware package in our Delaware assets. So I think it's something you just got to monitor. I mean if you've got a handle on your current inventory. You've got a handle on costs and if there are things that we think we can add at attractive cost where we can drive incremental returns, then we're not opposed to doing that. But it's been a high bar, and that's why we've really only done one transaction over the last couple of years. And we're going to continue to drive a balanced portfolio. We are emphasizing exploration with the program we've got in Suriname, but we also do a lot of just blocking and tackling things elsewhere around the globe.
John Christmann: Great question, Doug. And there's a lot of work we've done, and we have a lot of confidence in what we put out, but there's also a lot of work left to do. So I will talk about give you a little bit of color on Sapakara and then I'm going to bring Dave in if he wants to add anything, you've really got two areas – you are correct. We are working towards with our partner, potentially a development hub where you would be bringing in both Krabdagu and Sapakara. They are a little different in terms of the makeup and so forth. Sapakara is predominantly one package, really, really high-quality rock when you're talking low GOR oil, 1,100 GOR oil and you're talking 1.3 to 1.5 Darcy rock, one nice blocky sand, you're going to have high recoveries. And that's really all I'll say at this point. You'd want to get into feed study and do more work before we come out with more specifics there. So some of the questions you're asking are things that will come later. And then Krabdagu is – there's three targets there. It is the incremental $200 million that you've referenced there, and we're in the process of appraising that. You've got a range of GORs there depending on the zones. And so the work we're doing to understand those and quantify those is really important to determining potential scale and scope. So all things underway. We prioritize it, which is why you've got two rigs there. And we're anxiously awaiting those as well because it's going to have an impact on scope and scale.
John Christmann: Well, a bunch of questions in there. So I'll try to answer all of them to the extent I can. One, Sapakara South 2 was an up dip appraisal. So I think that was important in terms of confirming what we confirm there. If you go over to Krabdagu, I'll remind you, Waha in Block 53 was a discovery of a down-dip lobe and the Krabdagu fairway. So there are multiple levels and that's part of what you're driving at. There's also a pretty good chance we're appraising updip at Krabdagu as well, which is always a good thing when you're appraising. We see a lot of potential. I mean if you look at where we are today and the area we're working, we've had great success. There is more beyond just Sapakara and Krabdagu that could also go into a potential hub. And then if you look on the outboard side of the block, you get further out, we've had a working petroleum system, and we found hydrocarbons. The trick has been trap and seal as you get out there. So I do believe we will have an ongoing program in Suriname as there is a lot of prospectivity.
John Christmann: No, I think we have – good question. We have great confidence in the framework we put forward. And I'll underscore, when we say on the buybacks, we'll do a minimum of 60%. As you saw last year, we were able to execute on that. We feel strongly about it today as well, and that's what you'll see us do. By nature, things are back-end loaded last year just because of the volatility in the commodity price. We were active, I think, in 10 out of 12 months on the buyback. And you'll see us taking similar approach this year. But it is definitely a minimum of 60%. That gives us ample on the additional 40 to address balance sheet. So yes, we – I'll underscore that.
John Christmann: Yes. I would just say we're in a really good cadence in the Southern Midland Basin, and you're seeing it in our results because we're planning pads way down the road, and it gives us time to really execute and think about how to maximize the NPV and the returns. And so that two-rig program has been a good cadence for us at Southern Midland Basin. We've got three in the Delaware, and that's where's flexibility. And you've seen from the forecast, we're shifting those more to the oil-weighted projects in the Delaware and that's the luxury we have of our portfolio today. And then we've integrated Titus in – so it's really just part of our Delaware program and it's ours. So.
John Christmann: It's going to be more on the global and TTF or JKM, but I'll let Ben provide any additional details.
John Christmann: I mean it's exactly those things, Roger. But I mean we've got good confidence in the program, and it's underpinned the two onshore areas with Egypt and Permian. But it will be that very thing. It's the turn-in lines and the timing. And you're seeing that a little bit with the first quarter because we only had four wells in the U.S. Fourth quarter of last year, and they are late, one Permian, three Chalk. So a lot of that's going to be driven by the function of just what's the timing on the execution. And when you're running five rigs in the U.S., it's going to be lumpy. And then Egypt, it took us a little bit of time to kind of get our legs under us with the 17-rig program. But I mean that's going to – those are the key things to watch. But we have good confidence in our projections.
John Christmann: Yes, Neil, a good question. I would say we spend a lot of time trying to stay about a year ahead of our programs and so with our contracts and things because that gives us the visibility in terms of the spend. And so today, a lot of what you're seeing is contracts based on the back half of last year pricing. So I think it's a little premature from our perspective to be seeing any softness tied to the commodity price. I think if the price stays where it is today, that is one of the upsides of the plan as you're going to see cost structures follow. They just tend to lag but they will follow the deck. It just takes a little bit of time to play catch-up. So nothing there to really comment on in terms of green shoots or anything at this point.
John Christmann: Yes. I would just say that it's made the North Sea less competitive relative within our portfolio. And so as we look at that still an asset that we're going to manage for cash flow and we'll get good performance there, and we're going to continue to invest in asset integrity and maintenance and all the things we need to do environmentally, safety like we always will. But longer-term incremental dollars that we have alternatives to put in other places, you're seeing us make that decision just because there's more attractive places to put that. And so it's made the North Sea less competitive on a relative basis within our portfolio. And that's why you're seeing us drop the Ocean Patriot rig later this year.
John Christmann: No. I think you'll see a pretty robust program in Egypt. The thing you have to recognize here, we've got two factors going on. You have a big discovery that was predominantly gas and [indiscernible] that's starting to decline. And that's why you're seeing the oil growth, which is where the drilling program with the 17 rigs are focused in Egypt. So you'll see that oil mix is what's growing in Egypt as well, and that's what's underpinning that program. But it's an onshore multi-rig program. And it's a little bit different from the unconventional that you folks have gotten used to in the U.S. We're at shale and you can do pad math. But the nice thing is, this is conventional rock that flows at you pretty hard and fast and sets up smaller developments but very impactful material developments. So good confidence in the long-term curve there. We've been in Egypt since 1994, and a lot of good confidence in that.
John Christmann: I'll just say your – both us and our partner are motivated to get the scope and scale correct from the get-go. And the larger the project, the larger the boat, the better the economics are going to be. And so there's no reason to try to get into – could you – because what we're really looking at is to how you get the scope and scale right. And that's why we're looking at trying to combine these.
John Christmann: Yes. I would just say, in general, it doesn't really change the abandonment time frames as we model that out today. And really, you look at this year, not much impact from the Ocean Patriot. It was drilling some things that are bigger impact subsea wells that take time to come into play. So it does have an impact, start to see a little bit in 2024 or 2025 and beyond, but it doesn't really drive – I mean we're still looking at early 2030s for both 40s and Barrel. And when we bought the 40s asset, I'll go back and remind you. When we bought that in 2003 from BP, it was scheduled to come out of ground in 2012. And so here we are more than a decade longer 12 – 10 years, 11 years longer. And still looking at close to another decade. So there's still good productivity in life there. We're just going to manage it for cash flow and be very prudent about the future investments.
John Christmann: I mean the thing I would say is recognize the contract with Cheniere is a separate deal. It's a corporate level deal. We buy gas and ship channel. So it's separate and aside from what our equity gas that we produce. So we sell that in basin at Waha and prices at Waha are going to dictate what we do in basin. So that's the point to make there. In the Chalk, we brought on those three wells. Today, we don't have anything planned in terms of drilling from a working interest perspective. In the Chalk, there may be some non-op wells we participate in, where we've got some non-op interest there that others are drilling. But nothing planned in our budget this year for Chalk drilling.
John Christmann: There will be another exploration well drilled, Arun, and we're still working on that location between us. There are several prospects. Both teams are spending time, high grading. I mean, if you go back and look at both Awari and Bonboni and Block 58, we have working petroleum system, hydrocarbon systems out there. The main targets in both cases failed because of breach of seal. And so I'd say teams are spending time, but there is a lot more prospectivity to the outboard side, all the way back into the – where we've had great success. So working through that with our partners. And as we get in a position to drill more wells, we'll talk about those as they come onto the rig lines.
John Christmann: No, Arun, it's a great question. I mean it's really more just the lumpiness of a program. We're drilling longer laterals – and you've got two rigs in the Midland Basin. And so a lot of it is just the timing of the pads, completing the pads and then working through the completion timing. So with only two rigs, you're going to see lumpiness from us, whereas if we were running a lot more rigs and that lumpiness kind of starts to work itself out and normalize. So it's really just a function of timing on those with longer laterals.
John Christmann: Well, I mean, Jeff, a question. We obviously try to guide to what we believe are numbers with high confidence that we can hit, and we spend a lot of time on that. I do believe there are things at times that – the nice thing about Egypt is there is ability to – with success to bring other things on and get other wells drilled and high grade that schedule as you're moving through the year. But I think we've given a very realistic and good guides for 2023. And I think there's good confidence from the team. I know I sure asked that question and the response I get the response that I'm comfortable to relay.
John Christmann: Yes. It's all about operational excellence and continuing to try to improve and learn from things as you go. In Egypt, we're drilling in some new areas with the seismic and some of the exploration that we're doing there. And so within those areas, we should see improvement as we drill more wells and things – areas you've drilled before. So you're seeing some of that. And the big thing is across the entire organization, across the asset teams across the functions, everybody is really trying to take all that they integrate it and get better. I mean it's about continuous improvement and execution excellence. And you saw great progress on the safety front. We're going to continue that and continue to focus on the operations. Paying attention to details.
John Christmann: Yes. Thank you. And before closing today's call, I want to leave you with the following thoughts. First, I want to recognize our entire team for their hard work and dedication to safety, operational excellence and environmental stewardship. APA remains committed to financial and operational discipline. We are focused on leveraging the portfolio to invest in the highest return projects. While activity cadence will impact our first quarter, we are confident in our growth outlook for 2023. Lastly, in Suriname, the JV has accelerated appraisal at Krabdagu, and we look forward to keeping you informed of our progress. I will turn the call back to the operator.
