G. Steven Farris: Thank you, Brady. And good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. As I'm sure you've all read in our release this morning, during the third quarter, we accelerated our drilling momentum. Across our portfolio, we've got excellent results. In the U.S., we continued to step up our play activity and now run 63 rigs, 50% more than we did at the beginning -- had at the beginning of the year. And Rod is going to go on a lot more detail, but we've got outstanding well results in a number of plays, including the Cline, Wolfcamp and Wichita Albany and the Canyon Wash and the Permian Basin and also the Granite Wash and the Anadarko Basin. During the quarter, our growing drillbit momentum was also notable on the international front. In the North Sea, after consolidating our expanded portfolio early in the year, we're having very good drilling results with excellent flow rates from all discoveries across our fields. And the value of Apache as operator, I think, has just been endorsed by a major, with Shell last week announcing their purchase of half this [ph] position and many of the Apache-operated fields in the region. In Argentina, we completed our first Vaca Muerta horizontal well, which was a relatively short lateral. It was about 1,900 feet with only 7 fracs. It's early days, but the well results have been very encouraging. We continue to set the economics of the play. We have 4 additional horizontal tests that's planned over the next few months. We have 450,000 net acres in this play, and it has enormous resource potential. After a very successful portfolio expansion phase over the last 2.5 years, we really focused -- refocused back to the drillbit. We hold a leading position in some of the most attractive basins and plays around the world, and we intend to actively exploit this resource potential for the benefit of our shareholders. As we disclosed by our press release last month, our third quarter reported production reflects approximately 25,000 barrels of oil a day of production downtime, which were due primarily to hurricane disruptions in the Gulf of Mexico and the scheduled North Sea platform turnarounds. Our third quarter production averaged about 771,000 barrels a day. And if you put 25,000 barrels on top of that, which is all back on right now, we're -- we've -- we're producing today approximately 800,000 barrels a day. The important thing is we remain on track to deliver our production growth guidance for the year and we're going to stay within our $10 billion exploration and development budget. One final note. And as we continue to build and execute our global pipeline of exploration activity, we're testing 2 wells, 1 in the Williston Basin -- both which we have large acreage positions; and the Mississippian Lime. The good news is we've had good oil shows from the logs and the formations that we were targeting. We're currently completion -- in the completion phase of our initial wells in each of these plays, and we'll be experimenting with our frac designs to give us optimal results. We secured a number of blocks in the recent Gulf of Mexico lease sale. We have captured a highly sought-after deepwater block in Suriname, which is on trend with recent play opening and discoveries. You should expect our drillbit momentum to continue. We have built the foundation of this portfolio over the several years, and this is personally the most exciting time for me over the last 25 years. We have the asset depth, financial strength and delivery expertise to stand out in this sector, and that's exactly what we intend to do. Now I'll turn it over to Rodney.
G. Steven Farris: Two different questions. I'll take the first one, about the acreage. Interestingly -- and I think the number is correct because I asked our guys and gals in Canada. We have about 300,000 acres in that same play that just traded. And in fact, we're starting to drill some wells there at the end of this year and in the first of next year. How we actually exploit all of that acreage? We got 6.5 million acres in Canada and we just went through the same process that we've done in the Anadarko Basin and the Permian Basin in the -- in our Canadian region in terms of resource potential, and we're going to be rolling that out here in the coming months. But the potential for liquids and liquids-rich gas in Canada are actually much stronger than I thought they were. In terms of partnering with Exxon, I can't comment on that. But despite some of the things you hear in the press, we're -- Kitimat is still going forward, and we have -- we're very positive about it.
G. Steven Farris: Yes. In terms of -- there's nothing -- honestly, if you -- and I -- this is an excuse and I don't like to give excuses, but if you were to adjust our production, which you can't do because we didn't get the cash and we didn't get the production, but if you were to adjust it, we would have been right on our -- for the hurricane, which you can't do a damn thing about, and the events in the North Sea would be right on our production forecast. And I know that sounds like an excuse, but as we move to the drillbit, those kind of things, we've got to get over. We've got to get past those kind of things. So far, I will tell you, from an outlook for the fourth quarter, we're very positive about it. And there's nothing changed with respect to our forecast for 2013, 6% to 9%. I mean, I think we have the inventory and we have the asset base in order to do that.
G. Steven Farris: Yes, I will. We're a -- it's a little early to give rates. I will tell you we were pleasantly surprised by the initial rates that we got out of that well. We've been -- we've had it on now almost a month. I will tell you, it's still making 300 barrels a day. And for a well that's been frac-ed 7 times in only 1,900 feet of lateral, it's -- we're very satisfied with it.
G. Steven Farris: Well, I think -- as I said in my prepared remarks, I think you're going to see that momentum build. Certainly, from an opportunity standpoint, we have the opportunity to -- and I'm going to be redundant. But if you remember in 2010, we spent $500 million in the Permian, then we went to about $1 billion. This year, we're going to spend a little over $2 billion, and in next year, we're going to spend more than that. We'll probably run 40 rigs next year in the Permian. And the Anadarko Basin, our results there, actually better than we expected. So we're going to -- you're going to see an increase in the Anadarko Basin also, which speaks to the allocation of capital. Certainly, we haven't allocated our capital for 2013 yet. We're going to do that in December. But it's certainly -- we're going to put it into best projects, wherever those projects are.
G. Steven Farris: Yes, and I -- we've had this discussion before. I think, in terms of the rates that we're getting for the investment dollars that we have in our portfolio -- it's -- other than perception, would be rates of return, which would be cost of capital to buying our stock back. We're not -- at the present time, we're not considering diverting capital from the base program to buy our stock back.
G. Steven Farris: Well, I -- the -- I -- obviously, we're disappointed that we had the down time. I'm optimistic that we'll have a good quarter in the fourth quarter and I think we got to continue to post quarters.
G. Steven Farris: Yes, we're going to -- we have the opportunity base. It's -- we're going to spend our cash flow in the E&P business.
G. Steven Farris: Well, for different reasons, they're very similar, actually. I mean, obviously -- let's assume that the pricing of the LNG is exactly the same in Australia versus they are in Canada. I will tell you a -- the add-ons of trains in Canada would be much more lucrative than they would be in Australia just because of the cost. So that project really is a long-term project. And there's tremendous amount of gas in the United States and/or in British Columbia right now.
G. Steven Farris: It's only partially completed. We have about -- 30% of it was acquired in the current shooting weather window this last summer. The balance of it we acquire in 2013.
G. Steven Farris: Yes, well, let me put it this way. We're not that -- we wouldn't go drill that well 100%. And we -- and -- but frankly, John, we've already had a lot of interest. That's a very good block, frankly.
G. Steven Farris: Oh yes, they're -- actually, frac-ing costs came down really in the third quarter in a big way, and you're starting to see rigs come down. If you look at the rig count in the Permian Basin over the last 2 months, I mean we're -- it's the historic or the continuous ebb and flow of prices, service costs and capital. And what you're seeing right now is we were on the back end of all those service costs going up, we're on the front end of it now because we -- I think they'll continue to go down.
G. Steven Farris: I -- we did that many years ago, actually. And I mean, honestly, we consider pretty much all avenues of what -- how to reward our shareholders, frankly, from a cash dividend to a stock dividend to stock buybacks. And frankly, when you look at our portfolio, all we have to do now is deliver honestly. Our -- as I told our planning meeting group, we have 280 people in Dallas and we have nobody to look at but ourselves. We just need to perform because we've got the asset base and we've got the people, so...
G. Steven Farris: Yes, you're going to -- I mean, you're going to get -- yes, it would. I mean, that -- if you've looked at not just us but all the operators out there, that's a good oil play, but you've got to move a lot of water, which we anticipated.
G. Steven Farris: I think we've got 34 rigs. I mean, I might be off one, but I think we have 34 rigs in the Permian. We've got 24 or 25 in the Anadarko Basin. I think we're up to 7 in Canada and we've got 8 offshore Gulf of Mexico. That's not exact, but that's pretty close.
G. Steven Farris: Yes. I mean, Van Gogh has been very good. It's paid out 9 months. We're still producing, I think, about 16,000, 17,000 barrels a day there. We have a turnaround on our FPSO coming in about the middle of -- I mean, middle of 2013. And the real reason that's important is we're going to -- when we bring it back. In the meantime, we're going to be drilling Coniston wells, which is a sister field to the north of Van Gogh that will start ramping up our oil production going through that FPSO. But frankly, we've seen the peaks of the production at both Van Gogh and Pyrenees. And the way we replace that is we've got Balnaves, which is about a 20-million-barrel oil field we should have on broad win [ph] 2014.
G. Steven Farris: 2014. We also got Macedon, which is gas, but it's not like North American gas. It is -- that contract is north of $7. So we've got Macedon coming on in the third quarter of 2013. So we've got -- we're going to see a little dip in Australia and then we're going to see a big ramp-up again.
G. Steven Farris: Well, I don't have that. I can't answer that question. I just -- and it's not that I wouldn't, I just don't have it in front of me. I don't know what our profile looks like.
G. Steven Farris: Yes, I had. And in fact, both Rod and I spent a week in September in Egypt. I happen to be the Head of the U.S.-Egyptian Business Council. And we had 48 U.S. companies there, some of the largest companies in the world. We met with the president, the prime minister. I think we had government officials with us from the U.S. Quite frankly, we've been very pleased and very positive about not only that trip but our relationship with the government. Rod alluded to that we have a new Petroleum Minister, who is, frankly, a breath of fresh air. We've got more things done in the last 90 days than we got done in the last 2 years in terms of development leases approved, issues that we needed to get solved, a new gas contract at Hydra, so -- and honestly, I'm very positive about their direction, at least for our sector.
G. Steven Farris: No, it's going to be -- it'll be 2013. We don't pick up our rate until, I think, the first quarter of 2013 for our drilling, our first prospects.
G. Steven Farris: In the deepwater. We have a well going right now at Heidelberg, a development well by Anadarko -- I'm sorry, Lucius, that Anadarko is drilling, but that's development drilling. So you won't see any real impact from our drilling activity in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico until next year. And we're actively drilling shelf well, Gulf of Mexico shelf wells as we speak.
G. Steven Farris: Well, I'll tell you, it's hard to tell. I mean, we thought the stuff we were doing down in the -- hang on one second. I've got -- now he's going to give me a chart here. Well, actually the best results we've had so far in the individual wells is the Wolfcamp Shale, but I don't know that, if you caught -- if we drilled a well on the Central Basin platform in the Wichita Albany, those wells came on 900 barrels a day, still making about 8 -- over 600 barrels a day, both of them. And we have about 23 locations to drill in there. So the one thing I would say about the Permian Basin and the reason we started getting in there in 1991 and made a number of acquisitions before we made BP is exactly where we are today: We've got a tremendous acreage position. It is the oiliest place in North America, oiliest place in the world outside of Russia. So it has a lot potential for horizontal drilling. And I think Rod mentioned we're going from -- I don't -- we're going to drill 123 wells this year horizontal. Next year, we're -- it's going to be more like half of our wells. We're just on the cusp. Not just us, everybody is, in terms of understanding the Permian Basin and the kind of oil that's out there.
G. Steven Farris: I think we've talked about it at the last conference, I mean, call. But we found gas. It had a real chance of finding gas. We thought we'd find an oil leg. We drilled on big structure, we found some gas. That's not what we were looking for. We're now reevaluating that block. We got 1 million acres there. So we're reevaluating that block. I happened to see we're too low, just drilled another oil well onshore Kenya. But we're -- this -- what we were looking for is not in the same horizon that Tullow is drilling onshore. And I think they're in the Cretaceous.
G. Steven Farris: I think Rod pointed out that well is making 600 barrels a day. So it tested -- first 30 days, I think, 600 barrels a day. And I -- and if you look at our acreage position and what we showed at the resource potential and what we're looking at now, I mean, it's different. It's bigger because what we found is just -- we drilled the Barnett Shale well in the Deadwood area. We didn't drill it that far horizontal, it's made 300 barrels a day. I'll go back to my statement from a question earlier, and that is, we -- as an industry, we haven't yet fully evaluated the most important plays in the Permian Basins. And I'll go back to the Wichita Albany. I mean, I'm shocked that the Wichita Albany is making 900 barrels a day.
G. Steven Farris: Well, we drilled a couple of Cottage Grove wells. Actually, more than that, I think we drilled 4. It's a very good play. The Anadarko Basin has sands from the Tonkawa all the way down to the Atoka, and as you get deeper, it gets gassier. But that's another area that we've just scratched the surface as an industry and finding things, like Hogshooter. I mean, we go down there and drill a couple of Hogshooter wells and 2 or 3 of them make 4,000 barrels a day. And I can't emphasize enough, you want to be in basins that have a lot of thickness and a lot of hydrocarbons, and we're in 2 of the best. And I will tell you, one of these days, the western sedimentary basin of Canada is going to look like this. They're just way -- they're a lot further back in terms of their learning curve and exploiting it.
G. Steven Farris: Yes, and we're going to have to put on a little presentation. It's -- or maybe put something out. Actually, our gross production, gross operated production in Egypt is higher than it was at the beginning of the year. And our gross operated gas is higher than it was. What happens is, is that you get -- because of the way that the concession agreement works, if -- the price of crude oil has an awful lot to do with what you report for net production. So we need to start putting out our gross production and our net production because it's -- Egypt is still very good and going to continue to be good. And we're going to continue to see bumps in our net production based on oil prices.
G. Steven Farris: Yes, there's -- some of that is. I will tell you. Yes, we had a plant turnaround at Terric [ph] for the third quarter.
G. Steven Farris: Right. I -- we've got 26 rigs running. We -- it still gives us the highest rate of return in the company. And I don't -- that's probably what we're going to run all of next year.
G. Steven Farris: We are in the process, actually, of frac-ing our first well up there and we're drilling our second well. I think, yesterday, we were at 2,700 feet. So we're going to have 2 wells down by the end of the year. We're not picking up big amounts of acreage before filling into the land block that we've put together, which is -- I think is about 300,000 acres or so. And there have been some other operators, it's not right next door, that have announced pretty good results. I mean, the play is moving that way, so hopefully, it moves all our way. We're going to find out here pretty quick.
Rodney J. Eichler: It's only about 2,000 or 3,000 barrels of oil per day specifically attributed to the pumps. We had 9 ESPs that were off and those are being cycled into the drilling, scheduled to be replaced, along with new drills that we do that -- based on economics so that -- we haven't got all of those 9 replaced yet, but they probably will be by the -- in the second quarter of 2013.
Rodney J. Eichler: As I said in my prepared remarks, in the Delaware, the Yeso, in particularly [indiscernible] is our principal area outside the Central Basin Platform in the Midland Basin. The program there has been vertical up to this point, but will be turning horizontal soon. It certainly met our expectations per drill.
Rodney J. Eichler: No, it's -- the main part of the Delaware is the Bone Spring for you. It's a modest part of our portfolio compared to the other drilling we've been doing out in the basin.
Rodney J. Eichler: There's been no material change in the gross gas production, except for the turnaround we just mentioned. Some of this is PSC related and which Steve just mentioned. But I should point out that the value of the gas, all that gas we produce in Egypt, is only about 18% on a revenue basis compared to the value of the oil. So all the value in Egypt is coming from the oil and condensate we produce.
