Stephen J. Riney: Yes. For 2016, our goal would be to match that including the dividend. So it would be cash flow neutral.
Stephen J. Riney: Yeah. I'll let John comment on this as well. But I think at this point in time, the right answer to that question is the fact that we're not contemplating any material asset sales in 2016. And therefore, we're not planning to spend the proceeds on any of those. And therefore, cash flow neutrality needs to be on an operating basis. Now, that's – I'd just caution all of that with the fact that we're not going to get dogmatic about being cash flow neutral. And we reserve the right to not be cash flow neutral. But it's going to be – it's a prudent assumption going into the year at this point in time. And then 2016, I have no doubt, will be just as exciting as 2015 has been. And we'll, no doubt, adjust plans as we go through the year. But I think the prudent thing to do at this point in time is to go into the year planning on being cash flow neutral.
Stephen J. Riney: I was hoping you'd answer that, John. No, I think it's too early to say. We've got in the 10-Q what we believe the fourth quarter hit to the balance sheet will be because of staying on full cost accounting and further softness in the commodity prices. But it's too early to say at this point in time what will happen if and when we switch to successful efforts to the balance sheet.
Stephen J. Riney: Yeah, Leo. As you said, rightfully, so gross production in the third quarter was about 3.5% above second quarter. And actually net entitlement to the venture owners, us and Sinopec, was also up about a little over 3%, about 3.5%. The issue is around tax barrels and tax barrels on a three-thirds basis for the PSC owners, tax barrels were down 20,000 barrels a day between oil and gas. And the reason for that, there's no economic effect of that. It's the in-quarter reimbursement of taxes associated with income taxable in Egypt. And the bottom line issue is in the third quarter, prices had declined to a point where there was practically no taxable income. As a matter of fact, in one month I think we had a negative tax barrel effect. And so therefore both the tax, income tax expense and the barrels associated with reimbursing that income tax expense were much lower.
John J. Christmann: Hi, Pearce, this is John. What I would say is the best thing to do is look at 2015 right now. I mean, we've guided to $3.6 billion to $3.8 billion of CapEx spend. As you will recall in February, we guided to relatively flat North American production and slight growth internationally. When you look at the CapEx levels, we had $1 billion outspend in the first quarter alone for this year. When you look at the capital numbers, clearly now, with the updated ranges today, at 307,000 boe to 309,000 boe on North America and 172,000 boe to 174,000 boe on international, we're showing 2% plus growth in North America and 10% to 12% growth on the international side on that type of capital program. I think the best thing we can do given this price environment; the commodity price is going be a big driver. As Steve mentioned, we're going to live within cash flow. And so as we start to pour that plan, that's a big key. And I'd say, looking into 2016 with the reductions we've had on the cost structure side, specifically on the costs we have in the house at this point at 30% down, capital's going to continue to go further. I can also tell you that a lot of that CapEx this year was spent early in the year when we had higher costs. And we see things even now that are going to point to lower costs going forward. So, the best thing to do is look at what we've done this year and kind of translate off of that.
John J. Christmann: In general, Evan, we want to remain cash flow neutral in Canada. I mean what I don't want to do is take cash flow from our Lower 48 properties and spend that in Canada. So that's the main reason why we are looking at and are making progress on a JV in the Montney. And the way that would be structured is we would be using other capital to get that program kicked off. In terms of how the Montney and the Duvernay compete in terms of – they compete very nicely with the portfolio. And I'm going ask Tim Sullivan to dig in a little bit on the cost structure we're seeing on the Duvernay at this point.
John J. Christmann: Well, Doug, I got to be a little bit careful. We're talking about the Montney and it's an area we have 100%. So we do not have partners. We're not at this point looking at the Duvernay. The area you're talking about, the current wells we've got about 37.5%. We're in there with Chevron and, of course, their joint venture partner. So, we're really talking about an area in the Montney where we have 100%. And that is the area we're looking at and I don't want to get into too much color because we're in the heat of battle of negotiations. But it would be structured where we would obviously be able to keep the majority and would get significant carry upfront, and which would unease our infrastructure and costs going, over the next couple years.
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean in terms of our decline rate, if I take North America, we're still running about a 25% overall decline, our Permian's about 22%. I do anticipate those numbers coming down as we start to look at the pace because we just haven't drilled as many new wells this year as we have historically. So I think those numbers will be dropping slightly, but it's early. We're still working through those planned numbers. The one thing I would say about the back half of the year, as we alluded to on the call, with the drop in prices we held off picking up three rigs, two in the Permian and one in the Eagle Ford. And it's going to have very minimal impact; we're still in a position to raise guidance on our North American position. So, we feel good about our properties, we feel good about how we're executing and we're really starting to see efficiencies drive into the numbers.
John J. Christmann: No, Brian, I think at this point, when we look into the future, our primary growth is going to come from North America. I think you have to recognize the benefit of the portfolio. And we came out with that early in the year with the drop in prices, and the international both are less sensitive to the drop in oil price and you've seen that come through in cash flow from both those operations. Secondly, if you take Egypt and take Ptah and Berenice, tell me how many places in the world you can have a discovery and within seven, eight months you're producing from two handfuls of wells to 26,000 barrels of oil a day? So we've got quick tie-in, quick infrastructure to those things, so very high rates of return. In the North Sea, there's a couple of things there. Number one, we've invested in the infrastructure. We spent $1.3 billion over the last decade at Forties and that infrastructure is in really good shape. That's why we can operate at 92%. In our Beryl area we spent over $300 million on the infrastructure there. So, I don't want to steal the thunder from our November 17 update on the North Sea, but with those three discoveries, one of them is a little longer cycle time, Seagull, but the other two, I think you'll be surprised at how quickly we can bring those projects on through tie-backs to the infrastructure that's already in place. So, we look at it as a portfolio. Our long-term growth is going to come from North America clearly, but in this price environment right now I've got a lot of optionality in the international and a lot of very high rate of return projects that bring immediate volumes that compete extremely well that we can tie in and complement. I think we've also proven through the exploration success that both of the international assets, those franchises have a lot of running room. And we'll get into more color on the North Sea here in just less than two weeks.
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean I think the first and foremost thing, Brian, is we've got a very strong position across all the basins and that gives us lots of flexibility and optionality. Right now in the Permian we're really not in development mode, we are still doing a lot of strategic tests. We're in the process right now of drilling our three Spraberry shale wells that we're very excited about. So I think as we moved into the deeper parts of the basin, we've seen better results in the Midland Basin and I think the Delaware, we've got strong results in the area we've been active there, Pecos Bend and our Waha. So I think what you'll see is we know how to execute, we've been in position where we've done a lot of pad drilling, and so we know what that means and our asset quality is just as good as anybody's. We just happen to be spread out across the multiple basins. So as we look at 2016, we won't be, and it depends on the price environment we're in as to how much development dollars we shift into Permian, but the big thing we're going be focused on right now is trying to mirror our cost structure to that price environment. And we're making headway there. And I think the one thing that you can look to is just our results on some of the plays. And I think we stand up well with anybody.
John J. Christmann: Right now, we're at 14 rigs, Bob. I think we really just deferred. And all that's really done for us is we will end the year with fewer drilled-but-uncompleted wells. But we felt like that's the prudent thing to do right now based on where oil prices are and trying to feather our programs going into 2016, living within cash flow.
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean first and foremost, we had guided to on the last quarter a range in the 80 to 100 range of drilled-but-uncompleted horizontals in North America. We now see that number ending the year around 60 plus. And it's not that during the quarter we consumed a lot of drill – picked up our completion pace. We just elected to wait. And the main reason is we've got visibility on costs coming down further. We've got a few drilling rigs that some term is rolling off in the next 30 days. And we're going to see those rig rates drop 37%, 38%. So we made a decision over this last quarter not to, in fact, we lowered the top end of our capital guidance range by $100 million. We decided not to spend that $100 million now, and we can wait and spend those in the future.
John J. Christmann: John, I wouldn't see, mix is changing too much. I mean, we've had, if you look at our capital this year, North Sea actually is down 25% over last year. So I don't see a major shift. You're not going to see us shift a ton of money by any means. But I think you're going to see we've got a lot more running room. And we've got some very material things that could come on that can be very impactful.
John J. Christmann: What I would say, Ed, is we have not done a – I mean, obviously we're working those areas. We continue to test lots of zones. You look in the Midland Basin, we've got multiple zones in there we're testing. As I mentioned, we're about to drill or in the process of drilling Spraberry shale wells. You look at our Pecos Bend area; we've gone in now and added a second landing zone within the 3rd Bone Springs. So, we continue to make progress. We continue to test zones and really scope opportunities and work on the cost structure so that when we get to a position where we feel like it makes sense to put more rigs and more capital to work, we're ready to do that. In terms of counts, we have not come out with a bunch of updated numbers. Really, the best look would be going back to what we did a year ago where we did a very deep look at North America on November 20, 2014. And obviously, we've got areas where things have, you know, we've drilled some things and things have expanded, but we haven't really come out with any major announcements or counts at this point.
John J. Christmann: Not going to really get into that right now, but I can tell you the nice thing about the North Sea is the deliverabilities and the high rates those rocks bring. They're very forgiving; tremendous rock. We announced in the press release a very substantial test rate on a very, very low drawdown. So the deliverability is going be fantastic there, but I'm not in a position today to disclose F&D. That will be a longer – a little longer-range project. It's four miles kind of south of our Forties area, but we will have some color on November 17.
John J. Christmann: No, I think, number one, is just the pace at which we had them, but number two, we are making tremendous headway on efficiencies everywhere. We also are getting wells drilled significantly faster as well as getting more wells fracked. Tim gave you some color on the Duvernay pad, how quickly those went off. We're seeing tremendous success operationally everywhere, and that's just a function of it doesn't take as much equipment to go as far as it did a year ago.
John J. Christmann: And two perfect examples are Ptah and Berenice. I mean they're right there at our Khalda Offset area, right near our existing stuff. So, it's just a function of taking the technology up that can quantify and get really solid ties and – to the – some of the plays out there.
John J. Christmann: Charles, we did move those. I mean we started the year with a – kind of a $50, $65 and $80, and we planned on $50 at the start, and then in April, May timeframe when things ran up into the mid-$60s we were using those decks. Clearly, we've moved those down. In the last call we talked kind of $45, $55, $65. We're not too far off of those cases as we think about things today. The one thing I would say is the resiliency of the projects moves a little bit. The bigger tie is what are you doing with gas prices and how does that link in with some of these plays that we've got that have a little higher GOR and gas rates? But in general, we're seeing projects and wells in every play that works very well and it's really a function of the cash flow that comes off of those scenarios and the cost structure assumptions are the biggest variables we're trying to get pinned down right now.
John J. Christmann: I'll have Tim give you that exact number. I still think we're in the 55% range roughly in terms of black oil. The Area A wells, those are still within our Ferguson Crossing area. So if you go back to our November 20 update a year ago and you look at that type curve Area A, Charles, they're going to layer right in on those – on that type curve, which I think we gave those numbers specifically there. I'm looking over here if we've got the percentages from that type curve, but I know we disclosed those.
John J. Christmann: Yeah. Number one, we're within our core areas. Number two, we are looking at some things that would be significantly lower than what I'd call the retail prices that are being paid. And it's where we're applying technology and science and we think we've got some things that could be material. It is new ventures acreage, so there's always risk with that and that's why we wouldn't want to talk about it now. But we're talking significant multiples lower in terms of what that acreage might be viewed as and what it potentially could be worth. And I think that's the zip-code that we feel like makes the most sense in this price environment because we can pick it up and we can work the science and you can have something that could be material.
John J. Christmann: Well, Michael, we obviously will give you a full-year 2016 update in February, and we'll see how things look at that point. So, clearly we're working multi-year plans. But obviously with the volatility and the uncertainty around the prices right now, we're going to continue working that.
John J. Christmann: No, I mean actually I think when you look at our numbers, and you look at 2014 and 2015, and our percent oil in 2014 averaged about 52.7% for the year, we'll be 52.5%. We're right in line. In fact if you add our NGLs in 2014 and 2015, 65%. So you step back, big picture there's virtually no change in our mix. And we have the luxury of being more liquids rich and heavy than a lot of others. I will say you see some small swings when we've ramped our programs down to some of the GORs and some of the programs. For example, last quarter we brought on some gas here, Area A, Eagle Ford wells. If you look at our North Sea production, we've shifted more to the Beryl area where we've got a little higher GOR than we do at Forties, but I should say we get a very premium gas price up there, over $7. When you look at the Permian right now, we've had as a percentage more in the Delaware. Those wells had the luxury of having very flat GORs, but they come on at higher levels. So it's just a function of the portfolio, but in general, if you step back and take a big picture look, it's virtually where it's been historically.
John J. Christmann: Jeff, we haven't. But I think, one thing I'll say we've got the luxury of having about 60 water floods and seven CO2 floods in the Permian. And we have a ton of vertical locations; infill locations that do make economic sense. And right now we do not have any vertical rigs running. That's an option that we could have for next year. But we have not made any decision at this point yet.
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean I think that really comes down to when we feel like it's time to go back to work with more rigs. And so I mean that's just a function of how much capital we want to spend and we made a decision not to add two more rigs here within the last quarter. We'll go and do 16 and see, but I mean that's all going to hinge off of cash flow and investable projects. I mean we've got a ton of inventory that they're chomping at the bit to drill, but it's just a function of trying to go back to our guiding principles of living within cash flow, focusing on our returns, focusing on the cost structure and growing value for our shareholders.
Timothy J. Sullivan: Yes. As John mentioned, we just put on the first Duvernay pad that we drilled. This was a seven well pad. It was a spacing test. Half of the section was designed to test eight wells per section; the other half to test six wells per section. We're going through a third party facility. So, we're a little bit curtailed, we only have four of the wells online. But those four wells are doing just under 13 million boe (34:50) a day and 3,350 barrels of condensate per day. Again those are curtailed with the flowing tubing pressure of over 3,300 pounds. Next week we hope to have that facility up and running and we'll be able to bring the other three wells online. And we should have everything flowing at capacity on December 1. Now to the cost structure question, last year we spent about $18.1 million drilling one-off wells out there. We went to pad operations. This year where we had two walking rigs and we batch drilled each section of the well. We were able to reduce our well cost by 36%, 8% of that savings was due to foreign exchange, but the rest of it was primarily due to cost savings and operational efficiencies. And most of those operational efficiencies were made up on the completion side. In those seven laterals we did 124 different frac stages and we pumped that in just six days. We averaged 7.9 fracs per day, with only 34 minutes between stages. And we got down to as low as 6 minutes between two of the stages. So we were pumping 82% of the time when we had the equipment on location. And really the Canadian team there, we're really leveraging the learnings that we had from the Horn River drilling that we've done in the past. And we see future costs there as we get our water facility in place even going down further and we think we can get these costs down to $8.5 million to $9 million per well.
Timothy J. Sullivan: Well, as you're well aware, the whole basis of our success in Egypt is that 3D seismic, and with continued technological advances, improved processing and basically combining previous shoots, adding new data, we just get a more clear picture of the same areas we've been working for years. So, all this is going to do is help us identify previously unseen prospects and continue to deliver inventory in future years.
Timothy J. Sullivan: The Quanah well is a new landing zone. It's the only well that we've got in that landing zone. It's been producing about 2.5 months. The IP 30 on that was about 1,662 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In that 2.5 months it's cumed already 91,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and is still doing just under a 1,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. So, it is a standalone well, but it's just a function of getting the spacing right. We have not been curtailing production or anything. It's just a shallower decline and we're excited about that zone.
