John J. Christmann: Okay. Well, Doug, thank you. We have actually worked hard to be in this position to get our activity levels adjusted and obviously address the cost structure. So, it puts us in the position now where we can be opportunistic. Obviously, prices on the strip right are now running ahead of where we planned, so it puts us in a position to make some choices. The first and easiest thing, obviously, to do would be to put a couple of frack crews in and recomplete some of our drilled but uncompleted wells, but we want to be very prudent, we want to be opportunistic, we're starting to see some acreage things that pop up that might be very additive to long-term shareholder value, so, Doug, we want to be very prudent, because we worked hard to get into this position, and want to kind of monitor that as the second half of the year unfolds. We're working through a detailed planning process right now, as Steve lined out, with three price scenarios, and one at $50 flat on the low side, the other one at $80 bracketed, and then the strip, and so that will help us give some guidance in terms of those directions. Clearly, when I look at the portfolio, the Delaware Basin is an area, and the Permian is an area that we can go in quickly with cash flow in terms of additional activity as we plan to run quite a few more rigs there. And then also both the Canyon Lime and the Eagle Ford at higher prices, we'd scale in there. But, we've got lots of opportunity in front of us, and we want to be opportunistic and very careful on where we go forward.
John J. Christmann: It's spread around. The lion's share that we mentioned, we came into the year with 207, and 80% of it was horizontal. We will work off the vertical backlog, which was predominantly in the Permian, by year-end. And we said, we'd come in – exit right now, our plan would be to exit the year with between 80 and the 100 uncompleted wells. A big chunk of those will remain in the Permian, and obviously we've got some in the Eagle Ford and then the other areas.
John J. Christmann: Well, we're very excited about what we've been able to accomplish in the North Sea. We're coming off of a Q4 record high for us of over 80,000 BOEs a day. We've got a deep inventory there. As part of our capital reductions, we did scale back in the North Sea as well. We've got over 200 identified prospects and locations. We've got deep inventory. And for the year, Doug, from where we are right now, we would envision it being relatively flat on a go-forward basis.
John J. Christmann: Well, we'll be focused in two areas. Obviously, the Delaware, even if you go back to our November update, we're planning to run four to five rigs there. That's where we were maintained today, and honestly, right now the economics there are just slightly higher. We've also got some testing we're doing there, which we think can be differential. Right now, we've only brought on two wells this year. We plan to drill another, or actually complete another 28 wells for the rest of the year. So, we're excited about our position there, and we see lots of opportunity. But, we will also be active in the Midland Basin as well as our Central Basin Platform. About half of our Permian rigs will be in the Delaware and the other half are going to be spread out. But, we're moving into the Midland County, Southern Midland Basin area, our Wildfire area, Powell, Miller. We're excited about those. We'll actually be doing a Spraberry test later this year in the Wildfire area, and we've also been drilling great wells on the Central Basin Platform. So, it's just part of our portfolio, and right now the economics over there are slightly better than they'd be in the other areas. But, we're excited about all the areas.
John J. Christmann: Well, it really depends on the area. If you look at our Pecos Bend area, where the two Condor wells are, we drilled 31 wells to-date. 21 of those have been in the third Bone springs. We've had six in the Wolfcamp and four in the second Bone springs. Right now, we're kind of dialed in on the third Bone springs, and there's a couple landing zones in there. You move into the other areas, and that's the nice thing about the Delaware is you've got multiple targets, anywhere from the Avalon to the first, second, or third Bone springs or down to the Wolfcamp and some other zones. So, the nice thing is it kind of depends on the area you're in, but with where those rigs are focused.
John J. Christmann: Well, I'll start out with the Woodford. It is predominantly legacy acreage. Last year, we did sprinkle in some sections around there. And we have been blocking that up as we have been most of our key core areas. Currently we've got one well, the Ellis 14-4-6 number 1Hs, it's right now on completion. We've got two rigs out there and we're drilling two wells, the Ellis 14 number 2H and the Truman well. So we've got three wells we'll be bringing on in the very near future. We're very excited about the rates. We've got about 200,000 acres there gross and about 50,000 net, and it's a nice little position that can be very material for us. In general, obviously, we're seeing some opportunities in all of our core areas. And that where we're busy trying to core up acreage, prep things, and be prepared for when we allocate more capital to some of the high-value areas.
John J. Christmann: Yeah, I mean, the first thing is we did a very detailed dive on the EURs in the plays in November. And since that time, we've brought on some wells, but not many. You look at the Delaware, we brought on two wells. They are outperforming our type curve, so we're doing some things there technically which we think can improve those. But with two wells on, they've only been on 60 days, I'm not in a position right now to be updating type curves. And the same is pretty much true in our other areas. Our Canyon Lime wells are coming on relative to type curves. In the Eagle Ford, we've got some slightly above, some under. So, we feel really good about those areas. We are seeing cost, we've kind of dialed in 10% to 15% on the last call when we talked about the plan for 2015. Clearly, we said that they're going to range from 20% to 40% right now. We're seeing on average about 25%. A lot of that's attributable to the service side. But, a lot of it's just more people now focused on ways to drive cost out and doing a better job planning our wells. And clearly, if prices remain where they are, we're going to see costs further align and come down for the rest of 2015.
John J. Christmann: Well, we addressed that on the first quarter call. But the key objectives with us on our international portfolio were two. One, unload our LNG, which we have done, signed, closed. And then we announced the sale of Australia. I think that leaves us with a portfolio now that we plan to stick with, we're excited to have. We're 60% to 70% North America. If you look at our North Sea and our Egypt operations, we've got world-class people there as well as leading positions. And the nice thing about both the international assets, they complement our North American portfolio, they're Brent pricing. And the other thing is the way the PSCs and the tax regimes work, you've actually got less sensitivity to lower oil prices in terms of after tax cash flow. So, going forward, we're going to, as we work through our planning process, we're working through North America, we're also working through Egypt and the North Sea, and we will be outlining longer-term plans. But, we're very happy with the portfolio as it stands today.
John J. Christmann: Yeah, Arun, at this point we're working through that. Obviously, we've got early looks, but we're taking a really deep dive at the portfolio and one of the keys is, it's an iterative process as you have to try to really synchronize cost with price environment for each of those. So, what we're really trying to do is put some sidebars on the world we'll be operating in as we start to take a longer-term view. I don't envision anything impacting 2015 from where we sit today for how we budgeted it. And so, we feel good about where we are, but we'll be working through that, and over the next several months we'll get to where we have an internal view as we start to think about how we react going into 2016.
John J. Christmann: Well, Arun, where my head is right now is delivering value for the shareholders and trying to maximize that. And I think we have positioned ourselves very nicely. The nice thing is we have high-quality assets and deep inventory, but we also are always opportunistic and always in looking at opportunities, so if there was something that we thought made sense and incrementally might add value, then we might be willing to move forward on it. But, in general, we're happy with our asset base and we're going to be very selective, but clearly we're in a position where we have a lot of flexibility, and you'd never know what might present itself.
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean, when we look at where we sit right now, kind of like even like what we lined out in November, about 60% of our CapEx on North America is in the Permian. When you look at what we've done with the price environment, we've slowed down much more so than we had planned in the Eagle Ford and the Canyon Lime, and even Canada. So, for the bulk of the year, the majority of our capital is going to be going into the Permian. I would say that in terms of, if we were to add incrementally, the Southern Midland Basin would be an area we've got the best – most flexibility and things ready to drill that we could move quicker on. We had kind of planned even in higher capital and prices to run the number of rigs we're running in the Delaware. So, we like our pace right there given our asset base, so I would say incrementally we'd probably add first in the Delaware or we might choose to accelerate in the Delaware or add in the Midland Basin.
John J. Christmann: Well, Charles, what I'll say is, I'll go ahead and give a little bit of color. We've got four, roughly 7,500 foot Wolfcamp B wells that are in what we call the Lynch Unit. All four wells were completed in late March. We've got all of them on in less than three weeks, so we're not ready to talk about 30-day rates, they're going to be second quarter wells. But they've been encouraging. In general, we've had an average kind of peak IP of around 1,400 BOEs a day, they're 70% to 80% oil. So, we're very excited about them, and we're flowing them back very conservatively. So, we're very, very encouraged. Additionally, we've got about three wells there, we'll drill in 2015 and delineate and optimize and test our fracs, and then it sets us up for quite a drilling program there going forward when we decided to scale up. We also plan to test a Spraberry shale well there, probably in the third or fourth quarter of this year.
John J. Christmann: Well, what I'll say is, what it tells you is we're going to carry. We're not just aggressively moving through our backlog. And that's a function of cash flow and being very disciplined. Clearly, we could go complete a lot of wells today, if we wanted to. We're going to take a very measured approach. We're being very careful with how we allocate our capital and how we handle it this year, but it puts us in a position where we will enter 2016 with a lot of flexibility, just like we entered 2015.
John J. Christmann: Well, good questions, Paul. What I'd say is, number one, it's cash flow for us that matters. I don't worry as much about oil price. What I'll say is, we're taking a very hard look right now and going through a very rigorous planning process, which kind of brackets some scenarios. And we're looking at a range, which we would mirror – kind of mirror the cost structure to those oil prices and look at that. So, as we get further into the year, into the next quarter, and we get closer to 2016 and things crystallize, we'll start to be more candid on where we are for 2016.
John J. Christmann: What I'll say is, clearly, if we're in a low price environment, capital in 2016's going to go further than it went in 2015, because costs are going to be lower, we're seeing efficiencies. Additionally, with the G&A reductions and things we're targeting, we will be able to put more dollars in. So, through the efficiencies and that sort of thing, it's going to take less in 2016 to deliver than we have in 2015, but beyond that, we're working through a rigorous process, we're going to stay committed to bracketing kind of the environment we're in and then communicating that at a later date.
John J. Christmann: Well, we outlined in February a 15% reductions from our November levels on our well-by-well basis. If you look at it today, I've said today we'd be at least 25%. So, the one thing is we came into the 2015 hot. We spent a lot of our capital, so if you look at our go-forward capital for 2015, we're seeing down 25% on average from the levels that we had in November 20.
John J. Christmann: Pearce, we're early. I don't want to give you overall numbers, because we're working through planning. I'm just – my point was, if I hold CapEx flat, I'm going to get more out of it in 2016 than I got out of it in 2015.
John J. Christmann: Yeah, I think clearly the investment area there is improving, and if you go back, even though the Arab Spring, we've never skipped a beat. So, it's in general, the investment has always been good for us. We've got a great relationship with the Egyptian government, and we did set record times and bring in Ptah and Berenice on, but we've been that way in the past. So, lot of advantages. It's, clearly the sentiment is turning, and like the rest of our business we're excited about it, and that's one of the options we'll have on the table as we start to think about if we have incremental cash flow, where would we put it.
John J. Christmann: Well, I mean, I think we're obviously very high in the Delaware. We've got lots of room to build off of, and we've got inventory for many years on our existing acreage position. It's one of the areas that clearly that if we felt like we could add something at attractive prices that we'd look at.
John J. Christmann: What I would say is right now, we're not hedged. Our best hedge is our activity levels, which we are able to mirror. Clearly, we would look at – hedging is a tool that we could use before we started to make some longer-term commitments in terms of activity levels as we went into these plays. The point is, for the Canyon Lime and the Eagle Ford, when you get into the $60 to $65 range, that's an area where they become very attractive for us to put capital back to work. But as I said in my prepared notes, they'd have to compete with the other opportunity set.
John J. Christmann: Well, actually, would you look at the Eagle Ford, we're dealing with four phases across our acreage position. We've got black oil, we've got volatile oil, we've got wet gas, and we've got obviously dry gas, which we're not obviously focused on. As you look across those three areas, you've got 38 wells to complete, Jeff, 17 in Area A, as we lined out back in November and 21 in Area B. We've been focused on our cost side. I think we have made significant progress on the drilling side. So, it's just optimizing completions and working on improving the economics. So, we'll be working on that and providing updates later in the year.
John J. Christmann: Well, there's two things. Number one, obviously, from where we are first quarter, we did have weather impacts. So, there's a piece of that. The other thing is, though, we only brought on two Delaware Basin wells. So, we've got pretty good inventory ahead of us. In fact, if you go back to our Q4, we did not bring on a lot. So, we're sitting with some nice things coming on and as you get into the second quarter and into the summer months, we've got some key pads and some things we'll be bringing on which are going to help drive the liquids in the Permian coming forward. So, we've just got a lot of our stuff in front of us. We've moved into the Southern Midland Basin Wolfcamp, so we've got a lot of exciting things to bring on, even at the reduced activity levels in the Permian. And then I can't underscore our base decline. We've got 25%, 26% across North America, and a nice thing about us relative to our peers is having a big Central Basin Platform position where our decline rates and the water floods, we've got 45 water floods, we've got seven CO2 floods, having a lot of that low decline base really helps in terms of our volumes out there.
John J. Christmann: I would say we've got a plan right now. We've got brand-new 3D there which we're excited about. The 150 comes out of Australia reductions. So clearly, anything we decide to add anywhere is going to be a function of future generation off our existing base. But, there is opportunity in the North Sea. We've got some exciting things we will be testing later this year and well into 2016 and beyond. So, it gets back to the depth and the opportunity to generate value over the long haul. The thing I would add about the North Sea that's differential for us is in both of our big complexes, we have made significant investments in our infrastructure that pushes our abandonment timeframe way out into the 2030 range. And we've spent over $1 billion at Forties, which gives us long, long runway there. And the same thing at Beryls, we've spent $300 million there over the last few years, which gives us lots of runway in time, and we're very excited about the opportunity set.
Stephen J. Riney: Yeah, Bob. So, the primary assets that were involved there were the U.S., Canada and the North Sea. There was about a $7.2 billion gross impairment. You'll see in the 10-Q, it'll be released later today, that $5.2 billion of that was in the U.S., $1.4 billion of that was in Canada, and about $600 million of that was in the North Sea. All of that's on a pre-tax basis.
Stephen J. Riney: So, we collected $3.7 billion pre-tax proceeds. We've got about a $600 million tax liability that will get paid later this year, so the $3.1 billion net, $2.6 billion of that went in the month of April to pay down the debt, the short-term debt that existed on the balance sheet at the end of 1Q. The $2.1 billion that will be coming in sometime right around midyear for the second Australia transaction, that $2.1 billion will be used as a combination of debt pay down and some cash retention. We haven't decided exactly the ratio of that yet, but I would say the majority of that will be going to debt pay down.
Stephen J. Riney: Yeah, James. We don't see any significant issues with cycling cash back to the U.S. now, especially with eliminating the election to permanently reinvest earnings overseas, and we'll be able to do that with a significant amount of foreign tax credits as well going forward.
