G. Steven Farris: That’s fair.Arun Jayaram – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Steve, I wanted to talk to you a little bit about the overall production. I mean in October, you guys updated the market, and you’re about 800,000 barrels a day in overall production. So there, next quarter despite some pretty strong gains in the U.S. onshore and you’re guiding down now for Q1. So, the sense is you're losing a little bit of operating momentum outside of the U.S. So I was wondering if you could just comment on that and just the overall shift to a little bit of a lower growth rate in 2013, notwithstanding the changes in capital allocation.
G. Steven Farris: We are new to this. I have to be real honest with you. One thing that we don’t want to do is, miss our guidance. We’re going to spend quite a bit of money intentionally in a few, remember what Rod said, $1.5 billion of that $2.2 billion is going to Australia. The biggest chunk of that is Julimar, Brunello and the Wheatstone LNG facility, which is now over 80% contracted. And those are tied to oil linked prices, so when that comes on, we’re going to see about over 25,000 barrels a day for the next 25 years.
G. Steven Farris: That's the vertical and horizontal.John P. Herrlin – Société Générale Americas Securities, LLC: Okay, thanks.
G. Steven Farris: Well, I think what we – in terms of the long-term potential, there is definitely a tremendous amount of hydrocarbon service. Being able to do that and the magnitude that it takes over the timeframe that it takes, we've decided that that wasn't in our best interest, and you're going to see that when we talk about our asset sales. We now have some long-term projects that have some significant durability and significant potential and so we're going to have to balance off our long-term and our short-term in terms of being able to grow both long-term – but also be able to grow short-term.
G. Steven Farris: I think when we get there we will announce what – we've got a number of different banks that we're looking at.
G. Steven Farris: Well, I think Brent if the world price. And when you look at 5% of the well is traded at WTI prices and so what you have is, that you have a bottleneck in certain areas, certainly West Texas is one of them, there is an awful lot of people trying to solve that problem. I think Tom or Rod pointed out that we have an equity interest or a throughput interest in the pipeline that we're going to start, and there are going to be more and more of those. My personal opinion is that I think those numbers will come and it's not going to be in the next 18 months but over time they're going to – that spread is going to shallow. I mean I just think that's not attainable forever.
G. Steven Farris: Not really, not to achieve that plan. We certainly and the Permian basin as you know, and I'm sure you know that there is a number of areas that are getting built or projected to be built but it's not going to affect our 2013 plan.
G. Steven Farris: No, in fact, it's not. If you look at our asset base, it really is based on what our capital allocation is this year. If you look at the – if the amount of production that we are developing, it should help us in terms of obtaining that – actually we are at 6% to 9% if you don't include gas. We see gas go up, we can drill more gas wells, but right now 6% to 9%, we are still looking at that from a long-term basis.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I think you had kind of signaled that you tempered gas, so that would be the number, so I appreciate that. My follow-up is really on the asset sales. Forgive me if I'm wrong here, but it sounds like you haven't quite identified what the assets are, or have you? Is it a bottom-up process, or are you seeing $2 billion as a number and then trying to make that fit? In my [meeting] going to this is, how big ultimately does that disposal process get as clearly they're extremely asset-rich and you're obviously not getting a lot of credit on the share price, and I'll leave it at that? Thanks.
G. Steven Farris: Doug, I didn't. Well, in terms of – certainly we have considered assets that we may sell. In terms of specifics and our pricing, I mean we've also scoped the order of magnitude of the pricing. But we're really not in a position at the present time to talk about which one of those asset bases that be. All of them will not include current production.
G. Steven Farris: Yeah, the capital allocation I think represents $600 million in Canada, which will be directed. Now what we have done just for information, we now have a Kitimat upstream business and we have our base Canadian operations business and we have two different organizations just recently set up; one to do nothing, but the Horn River and Liard. In terms of the base business in terms of our – we are really directing that more towards liquids-rich and in terms of what’s the decline curve is I don’t know. I don’t have it. We should see a slight decline, but it’s not real significant.Matt Portillo – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co.: Okay, great. And then just a second question for me. In terms of the Permian and the Midland Basin, could you provide a little color on how your Cline results have performed to-date? How those look against your type curves, and then how we should think about current well costs? Thank you.
G. Steven Farris: Well, from a philosophical standpoint if you look at where we have come from over the last three years, and if you look at the assets that we’ve acquired, and it's not just here in the last week but over the last month or two, we’ve been looking at our asset base and saying, okay, now which one of these asset bases do we want to take forward into the future. And we have to make some tough choices – we can't be all things to all people. So we go to make some choices as to which one of these that we can actually exploit or could somebody else exploit them better. So we're still going to be a net buyer. If you think about $16 billion and $2 billion, but in terms of just transitioning our asset base that's what the effort's about.
G. Steven Farris: Well for the present time, we are going to drill wells. So that doesn't mean we won't pick up an acre or two around some place, but in terms of making major acquisitions in our existing core areas or new core areas, that's not something that's part of our strategy right now.
G. Steven Farris: Obviously price has something to do with it, but we certainly are dedicated to selling $2 billion worth of assets.
G. Steven Farris: You're going to see our oil production as a percentage continue to grow up.Michael Howe – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: All right.
G. Steven Farris: What we have said and I don't have the numbers in front of me, Brady is looking at them. What we say is we're going to grow our North American oil by 14%, so.
G. Steven Farris: We are almost down on our Alaska well. We were 11,400 feet; we're going to 11,800 feet. Then obviously we'll have to test it and run pipe and all that stuff. And in the Bakken, in Montana, and in the Mississippi Lime, we've drilled few wells bulk of those we're really concentrating our efforts right now on the United States, on the Permian and the Anadarko Basin. And then we just picked up a block as Rod pointed out, we picked up a block in Suriname which is a very good block and we're getting ready to shoot 3D seismic on it.
Rodney J. Eichler: The service costs in both areas are flat and declining and we see that, specifically, we see that in the Permian, they have been very large increases in the frac stimulation companies. as a result, that’s provided simply downward pressure on the pricing of that. We’ve seen a 30% drop in frac spread costs compared to 2012 as well as we might expect to see even more decline in our side from using more self-sourcing of same in chemicals in 2013, which will allow us to further reduce those stimulation costs. Same thing on rig rates. Spud rates are much more favorable than they were. We’ve seen about a 5% to 7% decline in rig rates. For the mechanical rigs, 2,000 horsepower rigs we used to build the vertical wells at Deadwood, that’s an example and we expect to see continued downward pressure on those as well.
Rodney J. Eichler: Could you repeat that question? It was very broken up.David R. Tameron – Wells Fargo Advisors LLC: This now better.
Rodney J. Eichler: No, the reference to the water flooding was to the Canyon Wash which is in our Bivins Ranch field which is a vertical convention development (inaudible).Bob A. Brackett – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thanks.
Rodney J. Eichler: Yeah. In the Cline, we’ve really had some good progress on the Cline and we’ve managed to cut six days of the amount of time, it takes to do a Cline horizontal from the Deadwood area. When that translates to an average split rate is about $60,000 a day savings, which translates into about $360,000 wells, that’s very significant. And then generally speaking, we gave you some information at the Analyst Day last June that it cost us about $7.6 million and as a result of some of these efficiency improvements and overall cost reductions that I mentioned that we should be under $7 million in total well cost in that particular formation, and I think the Cline, the well results have been posted in the supplement.Matt Portillo – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co.: Okay, thank you.
Rodney J. Eichler: Well, we’re drilling an exploration test and that’s in progress. That’s all we want to say about it right now.
