Steve Farris: With respect to services and rigs, we’re in very good shape, frankly. One good thing about having [indiscernible] rigs running that we have is we can’t get rigs and frac those. Certainly I made this analogy before, it’s a little bit like when you have a four month for 16 [ph], and you can add one more – it’s 16, you’ve got to add another 4. We can go up some, but we are not going to be able to go up some the way we’re going at from 2011 to 2012 and from 2012 to 2013. But we have made [ph] in that account.
Steve Farris: That is really a result of jut the backup testing when you have – we had two different weather at those and it really weathers the production as much as being able to get wells down and frac and volume production.
Steve Farris: Well if you recall back in the beginning of 2013 even our yearend earnings call, we started unveiling what really had been planned for sometime but unveiling our goal to rebalance our North American portfolio make it a bigger chunk of it and we identified a number of assets internally that we were going to be on that risk, actually the deepwater was on that list at that time. The one thing I would tell you is that we made the conscious decision we would not sell any properties that we didn’t think that we got a fair value for. So that probably answers that question. It hasn’t been actively marketed but it has been in the market for sometime.
Steve Farris: I might add, when John mentioned the number of wells per section, that number is not going to go down, that number is going to go up because we have identified that we may be able to downspace more than we are currently and we may have more batch of horizontals being able to go out, so the reverse per section certainly in that Wolfcamp area is not just in Barnett, but all through that play, we could see significant upwards.
Steve Farris: I think it will make it up, some of it, I also think that we have opportunity set for day in the Eagle Ford and starting off the year based on what we have learned over the – really the last four months, we have an opportunity to ramp that up. I think I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we’re going to go to from four rigs to by the middle of the year to 8 rigs there – plenty of upside [ph] on that to be able to do that.
Steve Farris: I want to reiterate what Alfonso said, you have a 100% capital – in that line you have 100% capital for Egypt, and our equity interest is two thirds. So it takes a little work to get to the net numbers. So overall --
Steve Farris: I think starting with customers, the one thing I would say is that it’s a very active marketing group right now. We are – we have had discussions with most everyone you would expect that you would market LNG to and those discussions we are ongoing. With respect to oil price, I think as a group, has been our partner, pretty good realization that it really doesn’t matter how you make up that basket but you really have to bear – at a price at the end of the pipe that will make up an economic project with the project, and I think we are both on the same page there.
Steve Farris: John, I don’t – I think Alfonso put a pretty good focus on – we are moving the project forward and we have a lot of momentum right now, I think that’s being hopefully recognized on the market side and in terms of FID, we would expect – we still have – final to do on the downstream, on the upstream it’s not just about – all about just drilling wells, we got an awful of facilities with takeaways planned success – we are in pipelines that we have put in there. So we are involved in that FID right now, that FID should be done – upstream should be done by the middle of 2015 and likewise in terms of where Chevron is on the other side. But they are not contingent on each other let me put it that way.
Steve Farris: With respect to the mix, that well I mentioned made about 730 barrels for condensate for the rest of the year. So it’s about 60:40 liquids to gas. With respect to cost, I don’t know – well costs, -- we’ve just redesigned our Eagle Ford wells, we think we can take about $1.2 million off the well design that we’ve got right now. I am hopeful we can take more than that out of it. As you go into pad drilling and you go into manufacturing mode, you can really bring your cost down, we have shown that at Bernhard [ph] area, we’ve seen that honestly – we start off drilling wells $16 million and today they are under 7. So we expect those costs to come down significantly.
Steve Farris: We didn’t announce our results but I would say they were – we drilled two Montney wells now, we drilled two Duvernay wells, both of them are stellar walls. And we have quite a bit of acreage both in Montney and the Duvernay. We are drilling up right now to look at – when we talk about capital allocation because we are in the sober [ph] month in Canada, we will have a plan going in for our winter drilling starting at about August September that will probably look a little stronger in the Duvernay and Montney.
Steve Farris: We do not at this point, we [indiscernible] well there and so we are stacking some things up, that will be completed in the near future.
Steve Farris: It’s very practical as you go across, I think the thing we have seen in the area is the QRs go up little bit which is helping you, so little higher gas rate with it, which is a good thing. So we’re very encouraged – got more energy in the system –
Steve Farris: When you are setting your base, sort of when you confirm a vertical wells, I don’t decline likely horizontal wells, you kind of match vertical wells and get the base going up.
Steve Farris: Well I tried to answer that earlier, when – the year end analyst call last year, we talked about portfolio of baskets that we were going to sell and we identified a number of candidates and quite frankly the deepwater was more of those candidates. The other thing we had decided is we went from stalled properties to something less than we thought the value to look for, so that assets it’s been on the list for over a year. We are going to make sure we got what we call we get value for that asset and it’s really – from our standpoint it wasn’t a surprise, we talked about order of magnitude, we have always indicated that we were moving out the deepwater, we still have about 900,000 barrels, 95,00 barrels today in the deepwater, we continue to reduce that. We are not going to sell it unless we find someone is willing to pay what we think is, and I mean what is worth, but in terms of our, really in the deepwater we will have done that.
Steve Farris: You bet.Doug Leggate – BofA Merrill Lynch: Thanks for that. My follow-up is onshore and hopefully it's not too convoluted. But just comparing the operating report to last operating report, there seems to be a fair amount of movement in your acreage positions. And the one that jumps out is the Marmaton. It's dropped from 512,000 to 395,000 net acres. So I'm just wondering what's going on there? Is there active sort of high grading process going on or is this acreage expiry or what's causing the moving parts? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Steve Farris: Yeah one other things -- we’re completely, we got an upper Marmaton and we’ve got a lower Marmaton. And I don’t know what’s in that book but it depends on if you are in that lower Marmaton, which is more gassy but it comes on like gangbusters for the upper Marmaton. So we need to reconcile that. I don’t know what those numbers, but I am sure as the total both upper and lower is probably the same number, I think we probably set up a lower Marmaton, we’ve got listed in there which is just subset of the total Marmaton.
Steve Farris: I think what he said is, we don’t feel we need to pay down any debt. We just need to make sure we will be able to cover the things that we are liable for, and we are going to look at obviously certainly share buybacks at our current pledge or on the table.
Alfonso Leon: We need to get some decisions going our side but the basic principle is this is not going to come out of our cash flow, this is not going to come out of our existing assets. Where this is a project that is contracted and a project that can finance itself, so that we don’t have to make any incremental investment in this project. And it can also be something that we’re obviously looking Q4 value, we’re going to do whatever adds in those value for our shareholders –
Alfonso Leon: If you look across the industry and even if you look at the variance on our first quarter versus fourth quarter LOE per boe, those are the driving factors in terms of forward experience with the level of activity out there. Those are the two biggest drivers of our variance on a going forward basis within this year.
Alfonso Leon: We are going to a board meeting next week and that’s the discussion that we still need to have internally. Just announced the transaction today, so we have to go through that. But we are very conscious obviously the value of opportunities that we are crystallizing right now through our buybacks in front of us.
Alfonso Leon: In terms of our partner strategy, we brought Chevron into the project just last year and that was in ’13. We have been pursuing a very deliberate one step at the time of pros that brings value to this project – bringing Chevron in last year in 2013 was the very value added for us, it’s a downstream operator to complement our upstream expertise at Apache. At this point as this project gathers further momentum, we have decided it is the right time to bring in additional partner into our group, if anything the momentum of the project had accelerated beyond our expectations, the pipeline is in very good stage, the facility is in a very good stage and Chevron is very keen and start to head with this project. So it’s just the right time for Apache now to bring in another partner as we think about how much we had, and what project within our portfolio to maintain our balance.
Alfonso Leon: We have incurred capital expenditure year to date in the Wheatstone project. We have not affected our financing decision as it fits very welded and up until the date, within this year and which we implement that in anything transaction, we will be funding that capital expenditure either by all means.
Alfonso Leon: We’re exactly on plan, it’s actually slightly under in some regions but all in all on plan for that target. When you look at the table in our supplemental financial disclosures I think there might be a bit confusion out there, when people are looking at those numbers and thinking about the 8.5, the numbers on that table include LNG CapEx within the relevant countries, that’s something that we are going to look at for us coming quarters except – to provide better clarity so the people can actually see how we find those to the 8.5. You also have Argentina in there and you also have to keep in mind that, that table includes Egypt on a 100% basis, so it does now have our two-third interest economics interest in Egypt [indiscernible] in the 8.5. So we’re going to work to make that a little bit clear for the next quarter but we are on plan with our CapEx.
Alfonso Leon: As we go through the next few months in terms of getting to the way forward in our LNG projects, we have to get – good decisions where it did not represent any type of cost, in our cash flow and we have – lot of exposure to Kitimat. Once we have complete clarity [indiscernible] it is our objective to have over the next few months and we have some more at that, clearly at this very moment, we cannot bring that international cash to the United States without tax consequences. But that is something that we will have to continually looking at and figure out what we do about it. We do generate NOLs in the United States as we go along as that can give us path – as we find our way to bring that cash back.
Alfonso Leon: Clearly the strong position we don’t have any immediate need for any debt run up or debt reduction, we are in a very comfortable position and the most important question is what do we do with the cash coming out our way and what do we do once we complete will be pursuing on our LGN projects.
John Christmann: Yes, we had originally planned and kind of outlined at the February analyst day 418 plus which is about 100 wells a quarter. So it’s a significant reduction in terms of what we were able to get on.
John Christmann: I mean I think we continue to see improvement on all our wells, driven by completions, the things we are doing but we did run six rigs in the Mariam county, we may not track there, and continue to have outstanding results there. We have added 5 horizontal rigs that we started adding late last year and kind of started to hit our strides in most other counties, Midland, Upton and Reagan, so we’ve got 5 rigs running there, two verticals, you will start to see some of those kick in. The thing about Wolfcamp is you’ve got multiple beaches and we’re still early in understanding exactly how many wells we can drill per section, how many laterals and that sort of thing. So I am excited about all of it – our whole portfolio in the Permian is we’re having great results not just in Wolfcamp. So it’s not about the whole but –
John Christmann: Well, as you are well aware, our strategy going into the year was that we were going to have growth regions and cash flow, so we measured the investment in the North Sea essentially deep flat. So we expect to meet that end of the year, I think that catch up from the weather event in the first quarter was already underway, and I would look for you to see that the production rate stabilized, where it was probably about in the fourth quarter.
John Christmann: We’ve got 3 rigs running over that whole area, and we have been very pleased, I mean we are predominantly growing in Bone Springs, and in Wolfcamp. And I think there is a couple volumes to be listed in the ops report and we are very pleased over there. We do have some acreage to the south that we are evaluating, and later in the year we will be looking at some of those areas but if I am looking the page 1, 1H and number 02H, both net, they’re still playing on the 30 day IP, they came out over a thousand boe per day. And over 12 rigs and high pressures.
John Christmann: Right now we are probably running two-thirds of rigs running in Midland, that’s the easiest place to add, and that’s driven based on just where we can put in immediately. I think the economics are very comparable in both basin though – as the year unfolds, mostly it’s getting more active in the Delaware.
John Christmann: We showed a slide at analyst day that showed early results relative to the new changes we have made. I think as we get in and drill more of these wells, and better understand the source that we are dealing in, and the spacing and the – we are getting better and you are seeing more sands, more stages, more zones, and finding ways to place it properly. So it’s a combination of a lot of things.
John Christmann: No, we just recently refrac tender and actually had a pumping services come down amazingly. So we see things pretty well, I mean there is pressure on the bigger rigs, 1500 horsepower rigs with top drives, there is more demand, for those will be just up a little bit, I think the big deal is with the efficiencies, the things we have been able to do, we have been able to maintain or lower our oil costs.
John Christmann: That just varies, I think what they show you is the diversity of our asset base. So we got acreage in place, so not everybody is, and so we’ve got – and that’s the nice thing about our portfolio. While there are some areas in there where you could put multiple laterals, if you get over to the edge though in the Heady count, but some of those are really low zone targets but the nice thing about the Permian is that you got other stack zones that are – the strata that work as well. So that you are seeing horizontal drilling really grape hold in the central platform, the wells in Delaware and Midland basins.
John Christmann: I think McCullough-Wineman well, that is running very high on, it’s built in some things up and you will see us get very active in that area, Steve mentioned with Heady rigs, towards mid-year, as far as direction of where it goes, that’s not something we comment on at this point. We are excited about it on our acreage.
John Christmann: It’s a good question. That is not how we think about it. I mean we look at the baseline, we really look at how the plays work on an economic basis and we have been shifting as we have been building the horizontals, you will see a little bit of continued trend as we add rigs, there will be likely to be horizontals. I think we’ve got a baseload program out there, really high graded projected with the verticals that we like to keep, I mean the nice thing about the verticals is we get on quick, the competitive rates of return and you don’t have to wait on pads and those things, so you will see us run a baseload of vertical rigs and then continue to grow the horizontal rig count.
John Christmann: Well, as you are ware, a year or so ago, we went into effect the strategy to reposition ourselves in the Gulf of Mexico to become to be able to generate meaningful organic production growth on the shale. Now as the shale of course is when we had interest in about 500 blocks, 125 of those operated and most of which have never experienced any deep exploration. So it’s also where we transition our very experienced technical team out of deepwater with your advanced techniques for deepwater to similar geology on the shale and basically we are focusing on exactly the same horizons on the shale that we have been in deepwater for years. This is something that hasn’t experienced a lot of activity in the past. There is lot of advances to be in over the shelf, there is a lot of room for liquids rich and oil growth, there is a much shorter concept to realization times and when compared to the deepwater, and we can certainly leverage existing infrastructure to cut the time and the cost on this process. So it’s where – prospects can also better compete with the risk of our pretty robust global portfolio and that’s something that really for the last couple of years the deepwater has been able to do. So in short, we are going to move our technical talent, out of the deepwater and merge that with a much more sensible resources that are available on the shale. You may want to think about this as especially 2014 is a year of inventory builds, and we would expect to come out of the blocks in 2015 with a nice drilling line. I think we will hear our first real prospects and [rig count generated] realized in 2015.
John Christmann: The only well that – really is the easing out with 136 which is put out in the first quarter, I think about 6 million a day and a few hundred barrels oil, I mean 300 barrels of oil, other than that, I don’t see any additional activity in the near term.
