Stephen Riney: Thank you, Tim. On today's call, I will briefly review second quarter financial results and a few updates to 2019 guidance. Discuss the impact of our recent asset sales, and our continuing debt management initiatives and update the status of our promise for returning capital to investors. As noted in the press release issued last night, under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Apache reported a second quarter 2019 consolidated net loss of $360 million or $0.96 per diluted common share. These results include a number of items that are outside of core earnings, which are typically excluded by the investment community and they're published earnings estimates. On an after-tax basis, the most significant items include $220 million for asset impairments, most of which were associated with our recent asset sales, $114 million of evaluation allowance on deferred tax assets, and $59 million for a loss on extinguishment of debt. Excluding these and other smaller items, adjusted earnings for the second quarter were $41 million or $0.11 per share. Upstream capital investment was less than $600 million for the second consecutive quarter, demonstrating our commitment to running a level-loaded disciplined capital program and meeting our full-year upstream budget of $2.4 billion. Capital spending in the third quarter will be biased slightly higher than the fourth quarter due primarily to P&A work in the Gulf of Mexico, and development spending on store in the North Sea. LOE per BOE for the quarter was above expectations, primarily due to higher salaries in Egypt driven by in-country inflation and increased diesel consumption in both Egypt and the North Sea. Looking ahead, we have increased our full-year LOE per BOE outlook to capture the impact of these higher cost trends and ongoing gas deferrals at Alpine High. Offsetting LOE costs, gathering, processing, and transportation costs were below guidance in the quarter. And our guidance for the full-year has been revised downward. This is primarily driven by the sale of assets. In May and in July, Apache completed the sale of midcontinent assets in two separate transactions, resulting in $560 million of net cash proceeds after typical closing adjustments. A portion of these proceeds was used to retire $150 million of bonds that matured in early July. During the second quarter, we refinanced $546 million of debt maturing over the next five years to enhance near-term liquidity. We also refinanced $386 million of higher coupon debt of various maturities to lower our cost of borrowing. Combined with the debt paydown the net result of these actions is that we reduced overall leverage and extended our debt maturity profile, significantly reducing near-term debt maturities. In February, we announced our intention to return at least 50% of our incremental cash generation to investors before any increases to planned capital activity. In keeping with this commitment, we began returning incremental cash to investors with the debt paydown in July. In the meantime, our 2019 planned capital activity has not changed, and we have no plans to do so. While oil price and sale proceeds helped create capacity for further capital return to investors, the combination of historically weak gas prices in the Permian, a result in production deferrals, and now extremely weak NGL prices have more than offset the oil price benefit. We will monitor anticipated 2019 cash flows and will continue to prioritize returns to investors over increasing capital spend. And with that, I will turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Stephen Riney: Yes, there's Gail. I don't remember the exact number, but it's in. I think it's in the $50 million to $100 million range. It's probably a little bit less than that $50, around $50 million, Gail.
Stephen Riney: Yes, the only thing I would add, David, is that there are some, significant events in terms of increased source or new sources of demand both for gas and for NGLs and for export capacity of NGLs coming online later this year. That would certainly potentially have some impact on pricing both on the Gulf Coast in back to Waha and back to the Permian Basin as well.
John Christmann: Well, I mean if you look at where we were when we reported this year's plan we had an oil price of $53, and gas was at $2.80, and propane and ethane were at high levels, $0.75 and $0.30. So the gas and the ethane and propane have come down significantly. I think with where we sit today, Mike, and Altus will have their call at 1:00 o'clock. But with where we are today with cryo, two coming on now and three coming on in the fourth quarter, we're in pretty darn good shape on that front. So I think they'll be in a good position to have the infrastructure in place we would need for the capital we look at.
John Christmann: Well, yes, as far as Suriname, I mean we're obviously anxious. Looks like we're going to get the rig here in a couple of weeks, kind of mid to late August, so it's coming, and we should spot our first well in September. Obviously, from the public data we've analyzed everything we can. We've got 2D data and have looked very closely at all the activity that's going on next door, and we've kind of rolled that in. We have the benefit of a very state-of-the-art 3D with very good resolution. So we've worked our block very, very hard and in detail, and been doing it for multiple years. So we're obviously anxious. If you look at the Block 58 it's a very large block, it's 1.44 million acres today. We have planned to start our program at 100%, and but there is continued interest in the blocks, I will say that. But when we look at it we have not given specifics on where the location will be. I will tell you we have a number of wells permitted. We have a pretty good idea where it's going, obviously with us about to get the rig, but there's seven play types, there's over 50 large prospects, and there's a pretty good chance that you'll see us lining up some of those targets with where we will choose to drill the early wells. I will tell you, it's going to take multiple wells in this block to fully evaluate it.
John Christmann: Well, we have a very elaborate dynamic planning process, and it's turned into kind of a 365-day-a-year process. And we're in the throes of that now. And when we look at the portfolio I think the first thing I'll say is we have a very diverse portfolio with many investment options, and none of those have been funding it full capacity over the last couple of years. So we've got a lot of opportunity. Secondly, I would say is that we have a very deep understanding of our asset base, which gives us the ability to make sure we're making those right calls on where we're going to put that capital. And the big thing is we're going to allocate capital to drive long-term value. So when you look at where we sit today there are numerous places where we have been under investing where we have leveraged oil. Obviously our Midland and Delaware oil positions are two places. We've had a great track record of results there. Those are areas we could go to. When you look at Egypt, we're in the middle of working through the big 3D shoot, and so we're kind of anxious to see what comes out of that shoot, but I can tell you the early returns look very promising. So there are places we can do that as well. There are other oil zones up at Alpine High. And we've got some other places in the portfolio as well. So we have an abundance of deep places where we can put capital, and we'll work through that under normal course and come back later in the year on our plans as we see going forward.
John Christmann: Well, there's a lot of factors that come into play. I'll say number one, we took a frac holiday Q1. Secondly, when we brought in our clean fleet, it was a lot -- 30 days late on the commissioning. So we actually are kind of back in loaded in the Permian and we are going to bring on, I think, 60% of our wells in the back half of the year in the Permian. So that's a little bit of a John. Secondly, we've got the Suriname oil out there that is moved. We've always thought most would be third quarter and fourth quarter span, but it's shifted a little bit, so some of it's timing. There are areas where we're seeing it Alpine High, our well costs come down. And so, we're seeing some areas that are helping us a little bit, but there's just a lot of factors that kind of leave us in that position. I think the point to underscore though, is you will not see us increase the activity set. And we feel very confident that we can deliver that activity set for the $2.4 billion or potentially less.
John Christmann: Well, in the 2.4, we had budgeted one well a 100%. So we have a one well commitment with the rig, we have an option for three additional wells. And, realistically, we've got one in the budget. And, that's where I'll leave that.
John Christmann: Well, I mean. Again, we're excited about the North Sea. We've done a really good job over the last few years of being able to generate strong free cash flow from our operations, or you've seen the track record, with calendar and then Garten in terms of tie backs to the infrastructure. You know, what we've been able to do is leverage some of the little further out acreage; we've got a nice tertiary play there. And, you know, we had 100% of that acreage. And so, we are not able to bring a partner in, and we'll get a couple wells carried that I think are, are upside kind of to our picture, but we're very excited about there's been some tertiary discoveries, and we've got some very nice looking prospects that will be able to get drilled as you move into later this year, and then the next year.
John Christmann: We just have to see. So I mean, it's -- there's -- there will be multiple targets? And I'll just leave it -- it will kind of play that by year.
John Christmann: I won't get into as much detail but I think we will be able to stack several of our objective plays.
John Christmann: Well, I mean, I think what you're -- what we're going to do is basically allocate capital based on how we see the commodity price dictate. And then, we've got the luxury to do that, we're at a point today at Alpine High, where we now have that luxury, we hold a lot of the acreage, it won't take a lot of drilling to hold the acreage that we view is very perspective for really rich gas NGO and gas production. And so, we're at a point today where we can let the economics and leverage our portfolio. So there's a couple different scenarios. I think the cryo is recognizing that we own 79% of Altus. And factoring that in is something we will factor into our calculus of how we look at the value proposition there with those -- with prices. As far as the depth of inventory in the Midland Basin, we feel very good about that, we've been predominantly focused, and we've run more rigs than we run at a day in three areas in the Midland Basin Powell, Wildfire and Azalea. And in there we've drilled somewhere between 20% and 30% of the locations that we see there. We are now adding more landing zones. But you got to understand that that's really only about 20% of our acreage footprint. And you look at the other areas, we've gone out and drill some test wells, Benedum and Hartgrove fantastic results. So we've got a really deep inventory in the Midland Basin. We've been focused on getting to pad development. We went through a period, where we did a lot of testing and slowed down and make sure we get spacing, right, understood gas-oil ratios, where we could move forward and you're seeing the results of those programs. And so, we have a lot of inventory there that is sitting - ready to drill and we just kind of weigh that with the integrated economics in the price deck of how we look at the options in our portfolio.
John Christmann: Well, I mean, first of all, it is exploration. So if I try to pin my guys down there. I'll tell you, you're no better than one in four and that's just because it's exploration. Now that being said, they've moved into a phase where they're better than exploration right next door to us and you have a discovery on the International Water boundaries. So clearly that does two things. It proves that there are hydrocarbons in the system. When we look at the views across by kind of stitching together the 2D and the 3D data, you'll find that the geologic setting is not changing much, but you know, it's exploration. So I'm not going to come out and tell you that it's any higher than that at this point. But we're obviously very anxious to get started. And we're very comfortable going forward at 100% with our interest.
John Christmann: We have multiple wells permitted, Doug. And we'll - I'll just say, we'll play them as we go and as we learn.
John Christmann: One other thing there too Scott, it's going to change based on the formation. We're into a lot of what we're flowing through there right now is, and as you get into the bottom edge, it's going to get a little heavier as well, but so there is, a lot of dynamics that will, dictate that going forward.
John Christmann: Well, I mean, where we started this year, when we were kind of thinking 53 oil and 280 gas and we have $0.75 on propane $0.30 on ethane. We like the mix where we have. So, we're obviously not there today with where the NGLs have come down and gas specifically. So, clearly that's going to be somewhere between where we were and where we are today.
John Christmann: Well, I mean if you step back and look. Egypt has got some of the highest returns in our portfolio. So it competes very, very well. We are shooting a large area in the nice thing about Egypt is, it's stack pays. But, they're conventional rock and so you can get a 3,000 or 4,000 barrel a day IP from a vertical well. It's going to cost you $2 million to $3 million. So it's tax out very, very nicely in the portfolio, and I think with the new seismic. If you look back over the last two years, we really kept Egypt flat with two discoveries at Peter and Bear Nice and just drilling offset wells there. So it doesn't take a lot to have a real impact on us and we're obviously anxious to get 3-D. The 3-D back, we think our capital productivity, can improve is the quality of the prospects goes up and we love the leveraged Egypt.
John Christmann: I mean, we will look as we talked about, as I talked about answering some of their Rick questions. We'll look at the whole portfolio and we'll balance that and look at where you can move short term. It's easier to move into probably our Midland Delaware Basin. But we'll, clearly that will be factored into our capital. We love the Brent price, we love the Brent price exposure in the cash flow or on the international side.
John Christmann: Well, I mean I think that the thing you look at number one Alpine High. We like the asset, it's a large resources, we've proven there is tremendous rich gas potential. We now have a lot of the infrastructure in place that we need. And quite frankly, we hold a lot of the acreage that is important to us. So from our perspective, we're in a position where, we can continue to high grade acreage and maintain that footprint and keep the optionality. I think as GTx comes on line, we've been waiting for that, I think it's a big event for the gas help here that's kind of why we've elected to curtail some pads, that we're bringing on and wait until it does come online because, there were such a short time away from seeing some increased cash flow. So it's an asset that, we will look to leverage and try to maximize but the important thing is, we have a portfolio. When we only have limited capital, we can put in. So we have to balance that, in regard with our other assets.
John Christmann: Not anything that I would call major that we'd have out there, but we're always looking at the portfolio, always looking to trim if there's things we're not going to invest in, if there is areas that others would put, what we would view as good value on our premium value. We're not afraid to turn things loose.
John Christmann: It's purely an option, Michael, and all we've said is we're committed to want to, we have the option to take the rig and drill 3 more and that the block is going to be going to need additional wells.
John Christmann: So first, I want to end on a -- just a couple of points, approximately 60% of our planned 2019 Permian oil weighted wells will come online in the second-half of the year, giving us confidence in our year-end oil production exit rate. Second, our 2019 upstream capital spending is on track and will be at or below $2.4 billion. Next year's capital plan, assuming current strip around these levels will be $2.4 billion or more likely less. And lastly we are closely monitoring oil, NGL and natural gas fundamentals and we'll allocate capital within our portfolio in response to the longer-term price signals. Thank you very much.
Dave Pursell: No. John, the one thing I'd add is on the ethane rejection side. The crowds are up and running. They've operationally flexed them for full rejection and full extract, ethane extraction mode. And so, we'll have the operational flexibility to react at the field to Waha pricing and Waha gas and Gulf Coast NGO prices. So, John is right, we're going to make long-term capital decisions based on long-term views but we will be able to react on a relatively short basis on the -- with the cryo operations.
Dave Pursell: Yes, this is Dave Pursell. Right now, these are the technology used in the cryos, we're removing almost 100% of the ethane. So as a result, if you compare it to an average NGL barrel, this will be a little more heavily weighted to ethane and propane. We're still lining amount - we would anticipate, as we move forward. We'll get a richer gas stream kind of the inlet of the cryos and so, ultimately the NGL barrel will look a little closer to what the traditional Midland barrel looks like with maybe a tad more ethane in it.
Dave Pursell: This is David Pursell, Arun. Once GTx starts out, it would be our anticipation that Waha starts to trade in a more normal position relative to Gulf Coast less transportation. So I think our Permian and we think that will normalize some of the other hubs in the basin. So, you're likely going to see the Permian Basin realizations track in line with the Gulf Coast benchmarks less transportation. Steve, would you add anything to that.
Dave Pursell: Yes, we're probably not going to shed a whole lot of details on that, but basically its structure. So first of all, it's 140 million a day, 140 million cubic feet a day. So, it's not a significant amount of volume that, we're producing and gas that's priced based on that. But it was, it's consistent with what we've always been talking about around Alpine High in the Permian Basin more generally and that is we want, to get a diversified portfolio if you will marketing based sources of realized price for the gas coming out of the Permian Basin and particularly Alpine High. And that's 140 million a day that gives us some flexibility in accessing various LNG markets around the world and getting netback from realized prices at landing points.
Dave Pursell: The mechanism is it's a relatively simple one. We have flexibility as to where the product goes in terms of pricing and it's a net-back based on tolling arrangements and shipping costs.
