John Christmann: Well that’s just going to be predominantly the production coming on at Garten in the Beryl area, so I think it will continue end of -- early part of '19 and the well comes off a little bit before we drill offset, it probably starts to go back up. So that's more driven the BOEs rather than the fixed dollars. 
John Christmann: No, Scott, it’s purely a function of the capital program. What you see is as we paired back a little bit internationally, I mean the world has changed from where we were on the last earnings call and we’ve taken CapEx down as you know for 2019 and then the 2020 and ‘21. So it’s really more a function of the program and what we've done is allocate that capital in a way that we can most efficiently invest it to drive the best long-term returns. You'll see continued programs, Egypt and the North Sea where we sustain and then in the US specifically we’ve kind of looked at how spin that Permian capital and we were dropping rig count from a 16 to 18 range to 12 and you're going to see if five-rig program focused on Alpine High mainly on the rich gas today as we can defer some of the other things. And you will also see a very tidy program in the Midland and Delaware where the rigs and frac crews are allocated to kind of maximize our productivity and capital efficiency. So it’s really just the luxury of being able to defer, will push back some timing on some testing and you’re going to see really two focus programs: Rich gas and then an overall oil program.
John Christmann: I mean I think as you look at our portfolio today, we’re committed to returning a minimum of 50% of free cash flow to our shareholders and that would be inclusive of any asset sales. But secondly we paired back in Egypt our Permian Midland and Delaware as well as Alpine High. So there's really three areas that we’ve got some pretty strong programs that we would prioritize and think how do we start to put activity sets back but I mean it would be a combination of those areas. And it's a nice thing about having a portfolio with a low decline rates. We can gear down and still grow and generate strong long-term returns. 
John Christmann: Clearly, technology is driving a lot of change and if you look at Egypt where we've added new acreage in order we're shooting the moves state-of-the-art broadband 3D. We've shown pictures in the past in some of our investor deck so what the 2013 seismic look like versus the current seismic. So there's no doubt that we’re seeing a lot shakeout of that look in the Western Desert, I think our West Kalabsha we have identified now over 40 new prospects. So I think it's going to bear a lot of fruit and that's why we're pretty confident with the newer acreage and the new seismic in Egypt. It’s going to give us more inventory to really return Egypt to potentially growth area for Apache. Clearly in Suriname we've got the 3D, we’re excited -- that's a whole other topic about what Suriname can be, but 3D is a big piece there and then we continue to use 3D in our unconventional and onshore as well. It's been very key and was instrumental in the discovery of Alpine High and it remains a key piece as we go forward with the development plans. 
John Christmann: No, we haven't broken that out. I think what you've got is we're in the low 20s, and it's going to improve over the next couple of years, and we've got some conventional assets in the Permian that help and we’ve also got some unconventional that have a little higher more characteristic decline. So it's kind of a combination of the asset basis but we haven’t broken that out as of yet by area.
John Christmann: I mean I think the first is, we’re taking a multiyear look here and then in today’s world we’re $50 to $55 and we think as an industry to improve our competitiveness with other industries we’ve got to prove that we can deliver more capital to shareholders through the cycle. And so what we’ve said we will deliver a minimum of 50% to investors because we think that's a meaningful number. John it could be more and what we’ve said is that we would deliver a minimum of 50% before we increased activity but it’s clearly things we can get after. So I think in general, the point is as we’re damn serious about returning more capital to shareholders before we scale up our activity and our operations. 
John Christmann: John today we own it a 100%. We’ve got a drillship coming this summer. We will drill a minimum of one wells up to potentially three additional. We are prepared to go a 100%. We also are willing to listen to proposals and things where somebody might talk us into letting somebody else participate with us. So but for now we’re a 100%.
John Christmann: When we look at the portfolio, we historically haven't announced when we were going to monetize assets and if you look at Canada, we usually came back and said we're going to do something after the fact. I think that we’re always looking at the portfolio and assets that we are not funding. If there's an opportunity for somebody to create value by putting those assets into their hands in a way that we think would make sense we would be open to do them and we will probably talk about it after we had done that if that were the case. But we’re always examining everything in our portfolio and looking at, does it belong and is it going to get funding or is it better off in somebody else's hands.
John Christmann: Well I think Jeoff it boils down to, you go back in 2015, 2016, when we really went through a reset, we did a lot of strategic testing both in the Midland and the Delaware. We focused on pad development what is the special relationship between wells both vertically and horizontally. We focused on completions. And what you've seen is the use of technology, the learnings and the implementation of that you are now seeing that paid off in spades in our Midland and Delaware Basin programs. We've also been in the middle of that process at Alpine High, and we were conducting that with some of the key tests that we've talked about, our Blackfoot pad, our Mont Blanc pad. So it's a process that we continue and then I think the important thing is we've always talk, you need to think about things in terms of whole sections, full-scale of development and you have to keep integrating those learnings and you also have to recognize that the geology in each play is a little different and it's going to be in the [Elgin] Reservoir going to be key components in getting the what we call an optimized development program, and it's also why this year we’re going to be running nearly two focused programs when we look at it. There’s going to be a rich gas program at Alpine High, and you are going to see an oil focused program predominantly in the Midland and in Delaware. 
John Christmann: Well, I would just say, what I said earlier, we will exit '19 and go into '20 on stronger footing than we've come into this year and in a similar price environment capital allocation likely would look pretty similar. Those things can change, the productivity can change. But we think our floor is going to be mid single-digits at the corporate level. And we think that can improve as we’ve proven in the past with efficiencies, some capital allocation, some other things.
John Christmann: There is going to be a call, we want to collect a day on Altus, Brian. So I would just advise you to tune in there for the Altus call.
John Christmann: Today clearly with what our opportunities set is, is we’re not looking to bolster the portfolio with acquisitions. We've got some very attractive programs that we have deferred. We will eventually resume some of that testing and there is quite a bit of ability to add activity in our Midland non-Alpine High, Delaware, and at Alpine high as well as on the international front in Egypt. So not seeing as we have not over the last four years thought about making to do something on the acquisition side.
John Christmann: I’ll let Tim jump in, in just a second but Charles the answer you got a one-time offset and we ended up putting a lot of water into the gas lines which required us to have to shut down the entire field for longer period. And then it took longer to get everything cleaned out, so it’s not an event that will occur in the future. And then the other was just purely timing of the way of moving the pad back. So I'll let Tim to give you some more details, but we exited the year kind of where we thought we’d be. It just was a little slower getting a few things on. 
John Christmann: Arun, we kind of talked internally, we need to make sure we send them a Christmas card. What it proves is you got hydrocarbons in the system. Clearly in a conventional setting you’re going to expect to see the condensates and the lighter hydrocarbons in the upper sections. I think what I would say is as we look at where they are and I understand they are also continuing to drill deeper themselves in that well, but we would -- so lot of our targets will be deeper where we would anticipate they will be oily as is the case over on the Stabroek block. It’s very, very encouraging. The thing we said in the script though I want to point out is we've got multiple play sites, more than a handful. The thing that’s unique about our block is, is you got shallow and deepwater access and there is both pre-and post unconformity plays. So we’ve mapped many, many high-impact prospects and we’re very excited what this could mean for the country of Suriname and Apache.
John Christmann: Well as we said we’ve reduced rig count this year, we’re going down from seven or eight rigs at Alpine High to five. I mean we’re reducing our Permian rig count from 16 to 17 down the 12 to 13 and so both programs are going to be reduced as we said. Alpine will get its fair share but you're going to see two very focused programs where we can set up our rigs and frac crews appropriately to deliver optimal value for the capital investment. And we like the pace, we like the programs. We’re both are going to be very focused and pretty similar to what we've been doing fruitfully. 
John Christmann: I mean I think there is no doubt we’re going to have the opportunity to put more capital into Egypt as we get through the 3D and the processing, but we also believe that just through the high grading and the inventory and the quality of the prospects, we can grow that free cash flow and grow that investment in Egypt simultaneously. And if you look back to the last four years and if I take you back to 2014, we are running 28 rigs in Egypt, so we got down to a handful. We've been running about 12, 12 rigs. And really over that time period there's two discoveries Pithom and Berenice, which enabled us to keep Egypt pretty flat at 340,000 BOEs a day on the gross side. So with the new seismic and the new acreage we’re optimistic that there will be several new types of areas like that will let us put more capital in and that efficiency will help us drive more cash flow and help really change the trajectory in Egypt. 
John Christmann: Well, I mean what we've done is we were pretty, we were sticklers on keeping our frac, I'll call it frac jobs similar, so we know what the rock was telling us, and what we learned at the Blackfoot pad is we placed 12 Woodford wells and a half section there were Woodford day 4Bs and 4Cs and we used the same recipe we have been using because we were trying to understand the inter-related most of it. And what we learned there as we would likely can get away with 4As and 4Bs on 660 with those size frac jobs, but we also wanted to test the Mont Blanc, a little wider spacing and a little larger frac jobs, and we will measure those as the flow back over time. I mean what's important everybody gets dialed in on 30 day IPs and you have to look at how wells perform over 3, 6, 9 months, 12 months and I think what you'll see is us probably going a little wider. You're going to see multiple landing zones in the Woodford and larger fracs, some combination in there and that's part of the learning process that we've gone through in the Midland Basin. And as Tim pointed out that's why you're starting to see those same results come through as we continue to very scientifically evaluate every well in our patterns and are doing this in a way designed that’s going to drive improved productivity and capital efficiency. 
John Christmann: We appreciate all of you for joining us today. And I like to leave you with three key takeaways from the call. First, the world has changed significantly since our last quarterly earnings call. The drop in oil prices necessitates conservative budgeting and capital management. Apache is currently delivering attractive returns and growth rates and can achieve cash flow neutrality and sustain production inclusive of our very strong dividend down to about $45 WTI oil using some fairly conservative assumptions. Second, in 2019, year-over-year, we will sustain relatively flat production internationally and generate approximately 15% growth in the US with our capital heavily concentrated on two programs: oil growth in the Midland and Delaware basins and rich gas development at Alpine High.  And lastly, we have entered 2019 with very good momentum and expect to enter 2020 in a even stronger position. As a result, we plan to sustain at least mid single-digit 4Q to 4Q exit rate growth through 2021 at $2.5 billion to $2.8 billion annual spending. Growth will come from a balanced program of Alpine rich gas development in Midland, Delaware oil with significant upside potential from our exploration portfolio including our US onshore unconventional, Egypt and eventually Suriname. Thank you and we look forward to sharing our ongoing progress in the future. 
Stephen Riney: Well what we've done Gail is focused our programs and prior to having cryos coming on we were -- because the gas is so rich we will have to drill some of the dryer gas zones to blend on the pipelines back. So we will no longer have to do that and in 2019, 2020 and 2021. So even I think the key products is, is the program which we lay out a microenvironment it's pretty volatile today on a $50 to $55 world we've kind of laid out CapEx with likely or could be in the 2.5 billion to 2.8 billion ranges 2020 and ‘21, if you look at where we will exit '19, we’re going to exit '19 going into '20 in a much stronger place than we ended '18, coming into '19. So capital probably looks pretty similar as a carry forward and we’re confident that we can deliver mid single-digit to corporate rates at a minimum and there's a lot of factors that could cause that to improve as we start to look at that. 
Stephen Riney: Yes, John. This is Steve. I would just add to that saying that, that Slide 12 is actually poured from the actual plan we have in place for 2019, so it’s based on the 2.4 billion capital program and it’s based on the pricing environment that we find ourselves in today. And as John said previously in a $50 to $55 world out through ‘20 and ‘21 and we would have the capacity to spend $2.5 billion to $2.8 billion in that price environment still be cash flow neutral. It doesn’t mean that we would spend that much, but we could and still be cash flow neutral. If we woke up and found ourselves in a $70 world in 2020 we have to keep in mind that this maintenance capital would have some sort of an inflationary effect on that. I would imagine, and so this chart holds for the 2019 plan and it holds for a $50 to $55 price environment but when you get into a different price environment we just need to contemplate that kind of stuff. 
Stephen Riney: Charles, this is Steve. I'd just add the obvious point and that is when your -- you've got an asset that's growing at the pace of Alpine High and you're bringing large pads on, movements of events in the quarter can actually make a big difference to a quarter. To state the obvious. 
