G. Farris: Thank you, Tom, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Apache took important steps forward during the first quarter on three fronts, operationally, financially and strategically. And I'd first like to go over on the operations front and mention two highlights. Our Van Gogh and Pyrenees oil development projects in Australia have now achieved maximum production ahead of what we forecasted for the year. This is an important step forward in the delivery of the large and visible pipeline of organic growth projects in our international region.  In the North America, we ramped up the development of two large resource plays, the Horn River and the Granite Wash. We're going to drill over 60 gross wells this year in these two plays and expect to exit the year with net production of around 175 million a day. The Granite Wash is a liquid rich relative to most other large resource plays in North America, which gives big impact on economics. It's also differentiated by the acreage position we hold because it is primarily held by production.  In the Horn River, the quality of the rock and the development efficiencies certainly differentiates it. We can achieve those through large drilling pads on continuous ground acreage. In addition, as we progress our Kitimat LNG project, our goal is to give Horn River access to international LNG markets. These are just a couple of the highlights on the operations side, and Rod and John will go over more on this as we go, which is really shows that organic growth engine is stronger than it's ever been.  Going into 2010, we truly expected first quarter to be slow relative to the sequence of being of the quarters and production growth to accelerate from there and that's exactly what you see reflected on our numbers. Production ramped up throughout the quarter with March actual production coming in at 608,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day compared to our average for the quarter of 585,000 barrels a day. And we consider our 5% to 10% organic growth production outlook remains unchanged.  Secondly, on the financial front, the highlights really is that we have the best quarter since 2008, both in terms of earnings and cash flow. This has been driven by our portfolio balance, and I can't say enough how important it is for our portfolio to be balanced between oil and gas, and then within gas, to have a good mix of both North American and international gas. Not only it's an important but frankly, at our size, it's pretty much impossible to replicate for companies that did not make that balanced growth choices that we've made over the last several years in getting to this position.  And thirdly on the strategic front, we have taken three very important steps so far in 2010. A merger with Mariner Energy, which we announced after the quarter closed, will give Apache a new growth platform in the deepwater. Mariner gives us critical mass, experience and opportunities set that we want in this area and Apache's resources will enhance the value creation potential of this platform.  In addition, Mariner gives us a rich opportunity inventory in the Gulf of Mexico Shelf and also in the Permian Basin. The asset fit is excellent. The cultural fit is outstanding. And we're working diligently with Mariner's team to progress the merger and are very much looking forward to welcoming them officially onboard as Apache.  Separately, the Devon offshore property transaction gives us yet another high-quality inventory set in the core region, with very attractive returns and frankly, I can't say that we know of anyone that can generate the reserves and value better than we can. The third strategic development that took place during the quarter that Apache became operator is the Kitimat LNG facility in British Columbia, Canada. We've discussed that opportunity with you on our earnings call in February. But I'd note that just like Deepwater, LNG is a big step forward for Apache. It enables us to monetize very large gas resources, at LNG prices, which are generally linked to crude oil prices and gives us a large stable production and cash profile to complement our portfolio.  Instead of following the pack, we certainly picked our own timing and direction in taking each of these steps. Looking back, I can reminisce going into Egypt in 1995, going into the North Sea in 2003 and going into Australia in 1993. All were important steps for us. And all of them were very much against the sector consensus at the time but which have created great value for our shareholders. And we're confident that the steps that we've taken in the first quarter will be looked back on in the same vein, and will provide meaningful long-term value for our shareholders.  And with that, I'd like to turn it over to John Crum who will discuss North America.
G. Farris: Thank you, Roger. I'd like to sum up what I think were the three main messages from all the information that we shared with you on this call.  First, we had a very good quarter operationally. As you heard mentioned few times Van Gogh and Pyrenees have ramped up. Our organic growth engine as strong as ever and our organic growth production's expectations for the year remain at 5% to 10%.  Secondly, we have had a very good quarter from a financial perspective, with the highest earnings and cash flow since 2008. We achieved this in spite of a weak price environment from North American gas and it's because of our portfolio, which is really a central part of our strategy and a key differentiating factor for most of our peers.  And third, we certainly took very important strategic steps during the quarter. You got further omissions that are a little, profitable long-term growth our shareholders. We picked our own timing and direction. And we're very excited about the growth and value creation potential by the Mariner merger, the Devon offshore acquisition and our Kitimat LNG project.  And with that, we're ready to take your questions.
G. Farris: We're still early to tell you anything about the decline rates here because we're still unloading water. We couldn't really bring these things on. We're just flowing through test separator equipment on location. We've got -- we're still running with a number that we believe we're going to be able to drain an excess of 10 bcf per well on all of these.
G. Farris: We just gave you the drilling costs, Leo. The drilling costs were now at $3.7 million per well but that's on considerably extended lateral length to. You've heard me talk and pass about spending $10 million per well. We averaged around $11 million per well in this program. We were not able to get our new water plant on production in time to do these wells and that's why I believe it will add another million to our total costs. The real key here and I mentioned over tons of paper for here is we continued to that stages as we go forward and of course instead of using up some of our ability to reduce the costs.
G. Farris: I'd say we really just getting started in the Permian Basin. There a number of players who have been doing some horizontal drilling certainly in the Southeast, New Mexico and in far West Texas for the past year, year and a half. And we really good guy getting started. These two wells I talked about were especially important because for drilling needs to wield of water that you do so that to get those kinds of results and those kind of reservoirs is pretty impressive. We would've expected to have so much water coming back in a typical well there that will create some new problems for us but that's going to lead us to try a lot of different things across the nation over the rest of this year.
G. Farris: Well again, a little early on, I only got two of them completed. We would be getting more than twice as much from these wells if our estimates hold up.
G. Farris: We have a fairly modest position in these assets where we continue in that in areas that we're comfortable with. So again that's not our hottest area but we're getting pretty worked up about it because we got some great results out of our recent programs and knowledge and hope.
G. Farris: We have a huge position with respect to specially water flows and the PUCO twos is done more that we have 26 different projects that we're looking at for CO2 so it's really at the present time, it's a somewhat of an experiment but if it works, you have a tremendous acreage position and full water potential to really ramp up production.
G. Farris: It also has of a water and to date, we've seen no water in the first two months of production, which is really good news.
Leo Mariani: You talked about experimenting with the horizontals in the Permian Basin here. Just trying to get a sense of how long you guys been doing that? And how much your acreage do you think is prospective and what types of improvements are you seeing and economics versus critical drilling for this play.
Leo Mariani: You guys also talked a little bit about East Texas doing some closure wells, some kind of a hot topic in the industry layaway. So the serious how much acreage this you think this is expected other.
Leo Mariani: It sounds like you got five completion spirit you talked about some kids with all five wells took any kind of sense of kind of what these average rates are on these wells when you drill.
Roger Plank: I think it's tragic that we have the loss of lives in the Gulf and I think its a little early to try to figure out what the problem was. Certainly, it's going to be an area of a lot of attention and I hope we come up with something that is workable and safe and environmentally friendly.
Roger Plank: Well we don't have any shutdowns right now and it's going to depend on the direction that I assume you are speaking to this scale it's up for direction, we're not in danger to those amounts any of the spills reaching any of our existing production facilities. That's a wait-and-see.
Roger Plank: I'll let John talk about North America and then I might talk a little bit about overall what we're seeing on costs. I would start off from a generalization. I think personally, I think it's premature to extrapolate cost increases that we've seen in the first quarter throughout the year. Winter is difficult for us in Canada and unfortunately, it's difficult for us in the central region because we've got one of the more severe freezes that we've had through that part of our portfolio in the first quarter. So a lot of costs with respect to activities to start production again is part of those costs and the other thing is to be honest with you, our production was down a little bit and one of the major culprits was because we are in a CS3 a production sharing agreement in Egypt and the bedside of is all prices go up come in the downside of it is we see less production which cost us about 5000 barrels a day in Egypt. And gross operated was actually up. But overall, I don't think the cost side of it is going to get out of line. On the steel prices, that's certainly going to have an impact and I'm sure everyone's over the steel prices are going up. And we'll just have too wait and see what the impact of it is on those budget.
Roger Plank: In terms of our overall capital budget, we've indicated before dividend, before the Mariner acquisition or merger, that we would be a little north of $6 million. And I think what you're going to see is from an activity level, our acquisition forecast for Devon, we had about $100 million of capital we're 10. Depending on what kind of opportunities we see them increase but we can generate about $285 million worth of cash out of that acquisition. With respect to Mariner, they have probably won't close that until September issue or later. They have a capital budget of about $550 million internally, which they're going to spend. So from our standpoint, which you'll see out of Apache, is not a significant increase from the acquisitions. Now depending on what prices do, reallocate capital quarters and we put a few more rigs to work starting in the second quarter than we've had running so you might see a little upward movement on our overall capital program.
Roger Plank: Gross production gross gas production will soon about of the year because we are facilities limited with existing gas processing facilities although if you remedy debt by 2012 with additional pipeline construction. On the oil side combines to pay the continued growth in the quarter to quarter because we can't handle more oil as you so we have substantial interest forecast oil on gross oil beginning later this quarter from our opposite is project and by year end, we expect that to double again.
John Crum: I don on that steel costs, I guess I'd like to think there's a positive tied to that but all in only indicates increased demand so hopefully, we can get some strength in prices to support some of that activity but obviously, that's something we do have to watch break also because it has a big impact on virtually all of our business.
John Crum: We're concentrating on higher liquid yields as we at testing a lot of different zones year but obviously, we're looking at the highest liquid yields the hardest.
John Crum: That's the primary answer. A lot of those reservoirs out there even under secondary recovery somewhere in the range of 35% to 40% so that's you're exactly right. That's what we're trying to get done has access reserves have never been touched.
Douglas Leggate: Can you give us any better feel for where your CapEx may go this year, partly obviously the increase but also when you take a cut of the additional assets are going to have in the portfolio? Any guidance would be appreciated.
Douglas Leggate: And from the price standpoint, if we stay static, that's where we're today. I think our March numbers were about 9,000 barrels per day net so when we broke for gross the number you saw average for March, you're going to grow from there.
Douglas Leggate: Typically you guys tend to spend your cash flow just on a regional basis. I'm trying to think where that capital expenditure program in Egypt can take you if I heard you correctly, it sounded like you're going to drill about 19 exploration wells. I thought you were going to go this year if you could just give us.
