G. Farris: Well, we were in a situation where we were really just gone out to the market because of our Wheatstone. The Wheatstone 2 contracts that were signed was very important and we wanted to have that gas on the market before we really started to actively procuring contracts at Kitimat. Right now, we're very early. Of course we have an awful lot of interest of potential buyers that want to buy gas. I don't think that there's any question, and I hear it all the time. Is it going to be gas-related? There's no projects in the world that are going to build an LNG-facility based on a gas price. It's going to have to be based on an oil price. And it's really too early to tell what that slope is going to look like, Brian.
G. Farris: Well, I think your math is probably pretty correct. The real question obviously is, and it always is, and people don't want to hear it, is commodity price. Because you really got to have capital to put on these properties. And right now, frankly, we have very good oil prices and I don't know whether the fed's buying treasury is going to help -- the bond market is going to help the economy, but it's damn sure helping the oil price. That's good news for us. The 50% of our production is on the oil side. The real question besides commodity prices is what we sell and when we sell it? We're dedicated to getting our debt to cap down and that is we're at below 27% at the end of the year. If we sold $1 billion, I mean, it would help us greatly to be down in the same category we were at the beginning of the year and we really haven't identified those properties yet. But we're going to have -- I mean, if you just look at the metrics, you're going to have good numbers next year, it's going to be hard not to frankly.
G. Farris: In fact, all our Corporate Engineering Group and our planning group have just now made a loop to everyone of the regions, including the Permian and Canada. Quite frankly, John mentioned the Yeso play. I mean, we've identified 800 locations. It's a question of how many rigs you want to run out there. This isn't a question of how much money could we spend. It's going to be how much money will we spend in each one of these areas. Because, frankly, you could double that number in the Permian Basin right now. In terms of opportunity sets and the real issue is going to be how do we balance that portfolio. It's going to be one of our real strategic issues this year.
G. Farris: The first part, dealing with the $300 million a day, and this is referencing the shut in gas that we have on wells that have already been drilled and completed in the Collin [ph] area. The existing pipeline, and I'm talking about the remote components to evacuate the gas to this new route. One is our Southern 18-inch gas pipeline, prices are in place for the last decade, of which KX [ph] and BP abrogated plant and then lanced [ph] onto a 24 inch abrogated short pipeline. That line is old and have been derated and is really carrying about 40 million to 45 million cubic feet of gas a day at present. Our expectation is to be able to add because the configuration of gas plants downstream, the gases are slightly different composition that we have in the northwestern part of desert. We're bringing the two gas down there. And it's our expectation as the pipeline pigs out, it can be rerated to its original rating approximately 150 million a day that we should be able to add about 85 to perhaps 100 million a day into that line from Marmacu [ph] Basin fields sometime in 2011. That'll be incremental to the existing gas which is going down the line right now and bring it to its full capacity.
G. Farris: Phase 1 was completed back in May and that was the initial early production facility that ended up 20,000 barrels of oil per day. That was completed on scheduled. Phase 2, which we're ramping up an additional 20,000 to 40,000 which was complete at the end of September, and that is what's currently producing. We have a Phase 3, which is really to capture the 35 million to 40 million cubic feet of gas per day that's associated with oil. And that’ll be complete probably in the second quarter of 2011.
G. Farris: Let me, then I'll have Roger. I think more of in terms of where we find ourselves, we have a absolute debt that is higher than what we had in the past. And if you look at our financials we're in the same with anyone else. I mean, they are oil dependent. We're 50% of it on the production side, 75% of our rate of revenues. We just bought a bunch of assets. We want to spend some money on. So what we looked at is to make sure that we could protect a capital budget in 2011 and also make sure we could pay down some debt, which is -- and we haven't found ourselves in that position in some time.
G. Farris: With regard to the volumes, the Wheatstone project phase that we're involved in, about 5.83 million tons per annum is the gross size of facility. Apache's net share of that will be about 0.95 million tons per annum. To date, with the announced TEPCO and the KOGAS deal, we would have placed in the market about 0.75 million tons per annum or about almost 80% of the allowable throughput volume that we want to share. So that's a really good start. As far as the final investment decision, that's pretty much on track for a time line would lead us into probably summer time of 2011, early third quarter.
G. Farris: We've completed the FEED studies this past quarter, at the end of the quarter. And we expect in the first quarter to enter into EPC contracts, that we're going through the process for the joint venture companies right now to select the vendors and do the corporate negotiations on the price. We expect that we've done sometime in those 120 days. We also started construction.
G. Farris: The one thing I will say is that we are certainly not out of opportunities in terms of the Permian Basin, in terms of Canada, in terms of Egypt. Our biggest challenge for 2011 is how we allocate the cash flow that we have. It's not in terms of looking for opportunity, it's more as making sure we spend money on the right opportunities. So the Gulf of Mexico, it wouldn't bother me -- I wouldn't like it because I think that's the wrong answer, the United States. I don't think -- we're not worrying about where we're going to put capital next year.
G. Farris: You can't have $3.80 gas and have comps like we have them, not forever. And I have no idea about other's economics. It would be very difficult in our economics just to drill a horizontal gap well in the United States right now. And costs are a big component of that. And I will tell you, sooner or later that's going to change, that's got to change.
G. Farris: And it was on purpose because we were really wanting to make sure from a reservoir standpoint that the reservoir's as good as what we thought it was. Obviously, we found out, it wasn't as good as we thought it was. And now it's a question of how do you balance your current capital against future opportunity. And that's going be one of the toughest things we're going to have to decide here in 2011.
G. Farris: We're going to spend $6 billion in 2010. We spent quite a bit more than that, I think in 2008. So from a manpower standpoint, our organization can spend that. I can't emphasize enough the most important thing we have in front of us and the challenge is how we allocate the cash flow that we generate, because that is key to making sure this -- we take advantage of what we bought.
G. Farris: I'm not sure we can answer this question. Right now, we've got about 45% of the vote in that I understand, and you'd have to be...
G. Farris: It is immediate. As soon as the shareholder vote is counted and it's official, we will then own Mariner Energy.
G. Farris: In terms of the acquisition pipeline, I think, we're going to kind of slow down here a little bit. Frankly, we don't plan acquisitions. We never have. One of them was very fortuitous for us, obviously, the biggest one we did. But in terms of going forward, we had a pretty good asset base then, and I think, we have a truly formidable asset base now. So we're out there looking to grow just to grow.
G. Farris: I might just comment that my mind hasn't really gone to that yet. Because we do as we have indicated -- we got to make a dent in our debt. And we also have plenty on our plate from an investment standpoint. And I also, Apache haven't been around for 50-plus years. You don't want to jinx this thing by counting on it. So we start to look at it day-to-day, and every day that goes by is another day that we pay down a little more debt and put ourselves in a position ultimately where maybe we could be back on that trail. But I don't think we look at that as imminent but clearly at this price. Our internal price forecast that we're using is $70 on oil. So anything above that looks like gravy at this stage.
John Crum: Brian, obviously, this is first time we tested the Hogshooter in a horizontal fashion. So it was really good results. There tends to a little shy shower in the sequence, and obviously, as our liquid yields -- the issue, of course, is that, that extends across the entire acreage base. The good news is these wells are more than five miles apart, so it's not like this is an isolated area. We have some 200,000 acres we control in this play. So obviously, we'll be casting this with additional wells next year. We presently plan 10 Hogshooter intervals alone. We continue to test the additional intervals within the Granite Wash. That sequence can change anywhere from two to eight or so separate little sand intervals. And so we're going to continue to figure out where the best place to go with our future drillings. Obviously, it's liquids.
John Crum: The natural gas prices does have something to do with that. Obviously, these high liquid yields helps our economics substantially. But I think a lot of the infrastructure issues are associated with gas back outs and the bottom line is these kinds of prices, conventional drilling's kind of drying up. So we haven't seen any real change. We would expect to run some 10 Granite Wash rigs next year.
John Crum: And on Mist Mountain point, obviously, that's coal bed methane in Southern Canada. We see that project needs a substantial amount of additional research and certainly consultation before we're able to move forward. And most importantly, it needs some higher gas prices, so we're going to continue to work it. It's obviously pretty exciting to play with that kind of resource in place. So I don't think you'll see us massively drilling in Mist Mountain next year though.
John Crum: We have a substantial inventory. And I can tell you that the inventory is somewhat dynamic. We continue to move different wells to the top of the list but there's an excess of 1,000 locations that we know we have out there. So it's just a matter of which ones we're were going to drill first. Like I told you, we think we can keep about 10 rigs running. The only issues out there today have been access to frac equipment and that'll probably continue to be an issue.
John Crum: We're spending about somewhere in the $5 million range, sometimes it's $6 million, depends on how many times we frac these things. But one of the interesting pieces we're were doing, we did do a dual lateral this year. We have not completed the second lateral yet. But that could change our price structure on a per lateral basis substantially. We will complete the second lateral early next year, and then we'll some good feel for where that can go. So 10 rigs we can drill a well of roughly every month. So if you have 10 rigs running, you could drill 100 wells roughly.
John Crum: Well, I gave you a few examples of some things we've done and I think, we have tested eight different horizons out there with horizontal wells already this year. And we're finding some interesting results. I got to tell you, I'm not ready to share all of that information because was obviously some of that's critical as we gather up acreage around our successes. But we have had good results we've shared with you, a somewhat surprising benefit horizontal in these old water plugs. We'll just continue to be amazed. We're drilling wells that come in at 400 barrels a day on fields that have been 60, 70 years old and had been water flooded and on 10-acre spacing. So we think the potential for horizontal drilling in the Permian is just unbelievable, really.
John Crum: Yes, I can tell you that we will have some substantial activity, especially associated with the shallow water on the shelf. That stuff will be merged into our existing Gulf of Mexico shelf operation. On the other side, Mariner has got a number of applications in certainly associated around tie backs of existing projects that they want to get tied back to existing platforms. We expect those to clear relatively soon and be able to proceed with this work. This was stuff that would have been done by now, had the moratorium not come into play. We presently do not have any wells in process for permitting to drill. And we would expect that to come in 2011.
John Crum: One challenge we got on the Permian on the BP property is these properties weren't for sale 30 days before basically we got to them. So they weren't all put in pretty packages and subdata is an issue, and it is going to take us a little bit of time to get our arms around exactly what the opportunity set looks like. So we've got some data challenges, but we're turning into it and we'll get after that fairly shortly.
Roger Plank: I guess the only thing I'd add, Phil, is -- and hopefully obvious , we've got a tremendous inventory and things to do with all the acquisitions that we need, and so when you do ratchet up the debt and need to make progress there. What we don't want to have happen is do that to the detriment of being able to after the upside on these properties, while continuing with our base long-term company builder-type project. So this probably ought to be considered, to some extent, as you're right about our size, in some extent, ought to be considered as sort of a one-off for an unusual set of circumstances, where we want to both pay down debt, and also get after the upside of these properties.
Roger Plank: I'm just mention, Thomas Chambers and I were talking about this earlier that when the guys in the regions submitted their request for capital, somewhere between $8 billion and $9 billion. So when we talk about $7 billion or 7-plus billion of capital. It's not because we don't have any more to do with this. There's lots more to do and that's really -- that number will probably go up in terms of what they could do as we do get our arms around the BP properties and the Mariner properties.
Roger Plank: In the press release, we gave you the actual location of those two tests we did. But yes, there is Marmaton in the area and there's certainly, Granite Wash A, B and C as well. So the press release has the actual location.
Roger Plank: It depends, again, on the well. but we can spend somewhere in the $5 billion to $6 billion range, again, depending on the number of fracs, because that's really the key in these things, depends on when you put six fracs or 16 fracs.
Roger Plank: I think that question was about an update on the vote of the Mariner deal. And with not getting into specifics, I think...
