Sumit Roy: Thank you, John. During the fourth quarter of 2015 we invested $204 million in 104 properties, located in 26 states at an average initial cash cap rate of 7.1% and with a weighted average lease term of 15.7 years. On a revenue basis, 28% of total acquisitions are from investment-grade tenants. 89% of the revenues are generated from retail and 11% are from industrial. These assets are leased to 23 different tenants in 17 industries. We closed 14 independent transactions in the fourth quarter, and the average investment per property was approximately $2 million. Year end 2015 we invested $1.26 billion in 286 properties located in 40 states at an average initial cash cap rate of 6.6% and with a weighted average lease term of 16.5 years. On a revenue basis, 46% of total acquisitions are from investment-grade tenants. 87% of the revenues are generated from retail and 13% are from industrial. These assets are leased to 45 different tenants in 21 industries. Of the 49 independent transactions closed during 2015, three transactions were about $50 million. Transaction flow continues to remain healthy. We sourced more than $7 billion in the fourth quarter. During 2015 we have sourced nearly $32 billion in potential transaction opportunities. Of these opportunities 60% of the volume sourced were portfolios and 40% or approximately $13 billion were one-off assets. As to pricing, cap rates remained flat in the fourth quarter with investment grade properties trading from around 5% to high 6% cap rate range and non-investment-grade properties trading from high 5% to low 8% cap rate range. Our disposition program remained active. During the quarter we sold 16 properties for $13.9 million at a net cash cap rate of 8.1% and realized an unlevered IRR of 10.3%. This brings us to 38 properties sold in 2015 for $65.4 million at a net cash cap rate of 7.6% and realized and unlevered IRR at 12.1%. Our investment spreads relative to our weighted average cost of capital were healthy averaging 236 basis points in the fourth quarter which were above our historical average spreads. For the year spreads were 183 basis points. In conclusion, given the continued activity in our space we remain confident in reaching our 2016 acquisition target of approximately $750 million and disposition volume between $50 million and $75 million. With that I'd like to hand it back to John.
Sumit Roy: We haven't really seen much of a movement in cap rates for the type of industrial assets that we pursue which is Fortune 1000 clients with ten plus years. In terms of the cost you're paying right around that $65 to $75 to $80 per square feet for brand new concrete tilt up type of buildings, and that seems to still be the case today. With retail, as depending on the product type it ranges from anywhere between 150 to 250 square feet all the way up to 400, 450 for a C store. So, and again with regards to pricing despite all the volatility that we're seeing in the market, we have not seen cap rates move in one direction or the other. They stayed fairly steady for both those products I'd say over the last six to nine months.
Sumit Roy: Yes, sure. So Todd, in terms of the portfolio and one-off mix, I would say it's about 25% of what we sourced last year versus even in 2015 was about the same. 25% is one off, 75% portfolio deals. So when you start to focus then on the portfolio deals what we've started to notice is a lot more companies that were sort of hesitant in years past to even engage in conversations dealing with sale lease backs became far more open to those types of conversations, and in fact some of them even resulted in transactions that we were involved in, in last year. Whereas in 2014, most of the product that we saw were from companies that were very familiar with the sale leaseback market and most of the volume driven were by either other sellers of large portfolios both private and public and/or companies that had done sale-leasebacks in the past. So the only real change in terms of the product mix I would say that we saw was new entrants coming in that had not engaged in conversations in years past. But outside of that, one-off versus portfolio, the mix is about the same. It was 26% in 2014 and 25% in 2015. So, I'd say the mix is about the same.
Sumit Roy: I would say pricing is definitely one piece of it, but I would also say that there has been a fair amount of external pressures by investors, etcetera rattling the cages and talking about what is it that a particular operating company should focus on. The debt markets have helped. The fact that our cap rates have compressed have helped, but I think the single biggest issue has always, the single biggest driver in my mind has been some of the investors talking about monetizing real estate and getting back to the core business. I think that has been the single biggest factor.
John Case: Sure, Juan. First of all, as we look forward on the acquisitions front, we're still seeing a good steady flow of opportunities. And, we're still confident in our $750 million acquisition guidance for this year, and that doesn't include any large scale portfolios or entity level type transactions, but we are constantly scouring the market for opportunities and considering opportunities on a large scale. As far as working with third parties, it is something we would consider. We haven't done that before, but if there were a transaction where perhaps there was a large portfolio where part of the real estate made a lot of sense for us and part of it didn't, we would certainly consider parting with someone who wanted the portion of the real estate that was not consistent with our investment philosophy.
John Case: We're constantly monitoring all of the capital markets, equity, debt, preferred. Right now we only have about $350 million outstanding on our lines so we've got capacity of about $1.7 billion, and there's no need to access the markets unless they were particularly appealing or we had any immediate use for the proceeds. So we're paying attention to what's happening out there, looking at it to, but right now we're comfortable where we are as we speak today.
John Case: Individual assets are now priced a bit more aggressively than the portfolios, which is a flip of where we were a couple of years ago. So, we ended up looking at one off acquisitions are probably trading at cap rates of 20 to as much as 50 basis points inside of where midsize portfolios of comparable properties are trading. So there is a little bit of an [ard] there.
John Case: We actually are constantly looking at entity level opportunities and given the multiple advantage we have, relative to the sector today, it makes sense for us to consider those opportunities. But, you've got to have to transact you got to have a willing logical seller and a willing logical buyer. So we'll see what may or may happen on that front. But it certainly is something that we're considering.
John Case: Yes, well we have typically traded at a premium to the sector. The premium widens during periods of market volatility and uncertainty like we're seeing today. But for the vast majority of our history we've traded at the highest multiple in the sector. As we look at what we may do with the capital advantages from a cost perspective that we have today we're really -- we want to say consistent with our investment strategies. So, on the retail front it's looking for service oriented non-discretionary low price point businesses that have good real estate and rents that makes sense, structures that makes sense. So we think those assets and property types and tenants are better equipped to work through a variety of economic cycles and to compete with e-commerce. And then on the investor side it's high-quality real estate, leased to Fortune 1000 companies with investment grade credit ratings so those are as the buckets we're really focused on. What we don't want to do is go out and wantonly use a lot of capital to buy properties that aren't consistent with the assets that have worked for the Company over the long-term. So, we don't feel pressured to buy inferior assets at times where a multiple advantage is very significant.
John Case: Well we love to do transactions on a leverage neutral basis, and that's what we've done in the past. Whether it be on the private side or be entity level side. So really what's going to drive which opportunities we pursue is going to be opportunities that result in the most value for the shareholders of our Company. That's how we're going to look at it. We have shown in the past that we can execute public transactions, entity level transactions, or large portfolio transactions. And we do have some leverage capacity today. As you heard that at our lowest leverage levels in the last ten years so we have taken advantage of the capital markets to really strengthen and solidify the balance sheet. So we're very well positioned to grow today where we could take on a bit more leverage than we have today. Our long-term target has been two thirds equity one third debt. As you know we're inside of that today.
John Case: Well I mean we're going to continue -- the spreads really haven't changed the relationship of those spreads. We'll pursue opportunities in both sectors, the ones that meet our investment parameters and make the most sense for us. On the investment-grade side you're seeing some fairly aggressive pricing as Sumit alluded to earlier, around the 5% area on the really higher-quality product. The non-investment grade you're still seeing right around 6% on the higher-quality product. That's not much different than where we were at the end of last year. Cap rates have remained stable, but the ranges on investment-grade, go up to as high as the high six's and on non-investment grade they go up to as high as 8%. The spreads are better today from an investment standpoint given our cost of capital. So, for the year last year, we had investment spreads of 185 basis points on about the $1.3 billion that we acquired. In the fourth quarter, that was more like 236 basis points on the $204 million we acquired. Today, they're running in excess of 250 basis points. So, the margins have never been better than they are now on the acquisitions front. So, we'll be more driven by the opportunities in both the non-investment grade and investment-grade sectors, and we'll react to those versus having sort of a fixed percentage of what we want to buy each. That's consistent with how we've always done it.
John Case: No, and we are constantly looking at that. The tenant base is in excellent shape. There's some non-material issues as there always are that are factored into our guidance. And so right now we feel good about the tenant base and their health and condition. 
John Case: No significant changes on the buyer seller pool, and the industries are consistent with the ones that we're in. So if you look at the 47 industries we are in today, with very few exceptions, they're going to align with in those industries. We want to stay away from discretionary industries and businesses.
John Case: That was a sale leaseback transaction we did directly with Rite Aid who is an existing tenant of ours, and it was done before the Walgreens announcement so it worked out very well for us. So those weren't one off transactions. It was just a fortuitous timing I would say in terms of when the transaction was executed.
John Case: That is not a big emphasis of our business. We pay attention to those opportunities, but we are really looking for assets with long lease terms that are well positioned competitively, and we're not going to have any sort of near-term issues for. If we saw something incredibly compelling we would certainly take a look at it where we had a kind of tenant in our back pocket, and we knew we were going to sign a 20 year lease on favourable terms, on a building that was going to become vacant or vacant, we would certainly look at that. We've done that in the past. Is not a major component of our business, but we have done that in the past.
John Case: I would say given the multiple advantage we have relative to the other 13, 14 companies in the sector that it's a bit more interesting today. But, at the same time, I would say that we want to end up with assets that are consistent with our investment philosophy. So we're not signaling that we go out there just to do a large transaction, take on assets that we couldn't, we'd consider to be of risk in the intermediate to long-term.
John Case: We want to be paying NAV whether we're buying in the private market or whether we're buying in the public market. There would have to be something incredibly compelling about the opportunity strategically for us to do that, but we're focused both on spreads and accretion as well as the value of the assets. So we would not want to do anything that would be NAV dilutive.
John Case: No. The watch list is down to 1% of revenues which is the lowest it's been in the last five years. Again the portfolio is in good health. There are no material issues for us.
John Case: The right size? In terms of assets? I don't think there is necessarily a right size, but we will continue to grow the Company consistent with our investments strategies and take advantage of the opportunities out there in what is a vast marketplace. So, we do not have a target in terms of size. It's really more about delivering earnings growth and dividend growth and total shareholder return.
John Case: No. I don't think so. This is a very scalable business. When you look at our EBITDA margin that's nearly 94%, it's sector leading. We're delivering more of our revenues to our shareholders than the rest of the sector. Our G&A margin of 5%, very efficient. With size and scale comes increased efficiencies, which really lead to I think a competitive advantage based on size. But we wouldn't grow just to grow, we would grow to create earnings growth and dividend growth with assets consistent with our investment philosophy.
John Case: Yes, I think that was actually favorable news to the net lease industry and companies like ours to the extent they want to monetize their real estate they're going to be talking to us. I do think to add on to what Sumit was saying is that these companies that have large real estate holdings that are not real estate companies are under pressure to increase their own returns on investment and carrying that real estate when it could be sold to someone like us or someone in our sector can certainly enhance their return on investment, so there is that pressure and we're seeing that. The recent news with regard to the ability to do these spins is certainly a net positive to the sector.
John Case: So we have a -- as you know, you've covered us for a long time, as you know Rich, we have our own internal credit and research team, and we are constantly analyzing and scouring the portfolio in terms of credit and industry trends as well. Currently, our watch list is 1%. Tenants that we have potential credit issues with are just under 6% of the entire portfolio, but most of that doesn't make it on to the watchlist because it's really good real estate and we'd like to have it back, and we think there's upside there. So in terms of our coverages they've held steady right around 2.6, 2.7 we're not anticipating any sort of a tenant -- material tenant the issues. So we to track that very closely and don't see anything there.
John Case: There are a number of them. Are there any that are completely pure? Maybe one or two, but in terms of the REITs that have assets that are consistent with what we're looking for and have a material amount of them, maybe they represent 50% or more. There are a lot of companies out there.
John Case: Yes so right now, casual dining for us is about 3.5% of our overall revenues, and some of the stumbles the Company has made in the past have been related to casual dining. And we've learned what we want on that front, and so we have a fairly high bar in terms of what we would consider there. We want operating concepts that are stable to growing. We want box sizes that if we ever get them back are of the size that we can be more easily re-let. We want market rents. We want something close to replacement cost as well, and we want coverages that are in excess of what our portfolio averages somewhere around three times. So if we find those types of opportunities, and of course the real estate needs to be attractive as well, we'll pursue them. So, the fact that we've not done many of them is more a function of quality and structure of some of the transactions that have been done versus us saying we won't look at casual dining, because we will look at casual dining. But the parameters around what we will invest in our fairly tight.
John Case: Yes, I mean on the dispositions front, I think in terms of what would be selling, it will look similar to what it looked like in 2015, maybe a bit more occupied than vacant. We had more vacant than we typically have. And the types of properties on the dispositions front are casual dining, childcare, older generation, non-discretionary -- I'm sorry, discretionary tenants in theory or real estate locations perhaps with credit issues. Or they are higher quality properties, but we're looking to reduce our exposure to certain tenant or to a certain sector. So on the sales front I think you'll see a little more occupied then vacant in terms of the ratio, and we're looking to sell 50 million to 75 million this year, and that's incorporated into our guidance.
John Case: No, again when you look at the size of the watch list and it's in your 1%, it's fairly small. So possibly we've had I think our most active year on the dispositions front was about $135 million and we've been as low as 50 million, 60 million. We're kind of thinking 50 million to 75 million, but we remain the right to be flexible there. We certainly did factor in macroeconomic conditions, but it's really that then taken down to the micro level and does it make sense for the reasons I went through to sell an asset or not.
John Case: Okay, thank you very much, Cassandra. Thanks everyone for joining us, and we look forward to seeing you at the conferences coming up and everyone have a good afternoon. Take care. Bye.
