David Kay: Thank you Lisa and Brian. Before we take questions I wanted to touch briefly on corporate governance. As Nick outlined in yesterday’s stockholder letter this will be one of his major initiative undertakings as he transitions into his singular role as Chairman. We have made great strides towards improving our corporate governance in the past month and we have a great number of initiatives underway. As we take these next steps we are focused not only inwardly on governance but also outwardly so that the governance rating organizations take note of our continued progress. Through these efforts we are demonstrating our commitment to mitigating risk and creating greater transparency while ultimately creating long term value for our shareholders. We hope you can appreciate the transparency provided this quarter and we continue to focus on supplying the most meaningful information to you about the Company and our guidance. As always we are available after these calls for detailed discussions. In an effort to maximize your time and allow everyone a chance to ask questions today please keep this is in mind. With that I will now ask the operator to open line for question.
David Kay: Yeah, that was related to the multi-tenant and obviously significantly smaller in terms of that. I can turn that over to Lisa to talk about.
David Kay: I think another item to note one is that we continue to – our office as a percentage of the entire portfolio continues to shrink now just above 20% considerably down from where it was six to nine months ago. So as that continues to shrink it should have a substantially less CapEx as compared to obviously what you would see in terms of single tenant retail and restaurant.Juan Sanabria – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
David Kay: Just to put I mean in the broadest of terms LPL represent 12,000 advisors and they just come on this past last week and will bring on the second fund with them on Thursday. So we are very excited about that, it’s a big uptick. We have had a significant number of new firms as well and I think one of the keys to this business is not only are we building it for 2014 but we are building it for the future. Cole Capital previously focused very much on the top 20 broker dealers and we have because of the lengthy due diligence processes, because of the merger et cetera we have been able to really focus a lot of the effort on the bottom 200 and so we have collectively we will have a much, much broader broker dealer network out there on a go forward basis. And I think that will ultimately provide much more upside in terms of the volume of capital that we can raise and ultimately the volume of capital that we can deploy for 2015 and beyond. So I am very excited about the opportunity for this and we have really expanded the network.
David Kay: Not really our focus is really on sticking to what we said we were going to do which is we believe our leverage levels at the $4.5 billion number are the right number. We are not going to raise equity for the remainder of this year and we have a significant amount of capital that we will be able to deploy in the Cole Capital business and generate a significant amount of EBITDA there and we are anticipating the majority, vast majority of all the property to be directed into those managed funds.
David Kay: Yeah, those funds are typically leveraged fairly modestly at around 40% and I think that one of the keys to that business is that capital comes in obviously it ebbs and flows and properties come in and they ebb and flow and they don’t always match-up exactly although that has been obviously our history in terms of being able to buy very granularly, raise $10 million buy $10 million, raise $5 million buy $5 million. That is what we you know hoped to do obviously. It doesn’t always work out that way. So leverage may tick-up in an interim period for weeks or month, may rise to 50%-55% and drops back down to potentially below 40% and could be 30’s as capital comes in. So you can see those things ebb and flow at any given time. What’s really important is where anticipate ultimately the funds being at a leverage level of around 40% at their close and so there is no difference in target. They are very conservative funds, they are paying north of six yield right now and those investors are looking for durability of income and stability and that’s what we are providing to them.
David Kay: You know Wells in the process of marketing that. I don’t know the ultimate progress on that but a liquidity event could be possible there, may take place by the end of the year or very early 2015. It’s a very, very strong portfolio, great credits very long-term leases there is a lot of suitors for it. From what we understand it is about 75% or so office, very high quality. Obviously our directive has been reduce our overall office exposures it’s not something that would fit in our portfolio at all but a very, very high quality portfolio that could trade at a very good level and be a great portfolio for another company.
David Kay: I mean we continue to see pretty low rates and nothing in the very foreseeable future in terms of uptick. There however is always uncertainty and that was part of the reason heading into the summer behind the equity offering. We like our leverage profile prospects at the end of year being in the low to mid sixes, where we have sort of penciled that out. That’s over a turn less and where we had talked to the rating agencies about when we were rated Triple B minus so we feel very confident that we have significantly de-risked the balance sheet. I think in terms of towards the end of the year you’ll see us do a larger bond offering, part of what we offer because of the scale that maybe some of the other just recent general haven’t is liquidity in the bond market. last year it was 2.55 billion when you start to get north of the billion dollars in the bond market it attracted different investor, you’re able to provide a different level of liquidity for them and I think the best attractive from a pricing perspective ultimately for us. So I think you’ll see us towards the end of the year. We may have some rates so that we can lock in some of the treasuries now but we feel pretty confident that yields should stay pretty low. And I’d say that we should have a very-very good following for bond offering that we do and hopefully pricing will be tight because I think that our metrics look more like a mid-triple B company then they do a triple B minus and because again at the liquidity and not being a debut issue or anymore I think that we should have very-very attractive type pricing.Jonathan Pong – Robert W. Baird & Co.: All right thanks David.
David Kay: Good morning Paul.Paul Adornato – BMO Capital Markets: Hi just a follow up on your last comment are there any metrics in your understanding that the rating agencies want to see improve before you’re eligible for an upgrade or…
David Kay: No, I don’t think so our fixed charge coverage ratio has been one of the biggest movers for us. We’re at north of three times, which is pretty much the highest or at least comparable to any other peers and they are all rated triple B or triple B plus. We’ve seen two companies recently move within our peer group, one to triple B plus that’s at low six times and one to triple B minus although somewhat split rated, two of the three agencies haven’t triple B minus. We’ve the biggest pool of unencumbered assets and the most flexibility for sure biggest amount of – largest amount of liquidity in terms of our line. I’d say the only thing that the rating agencies can point is to seasoning and I think what we continue to remind them as well as the rest of the market is that our team of acquisition, due diligence, accounting, finance has all been with this company for very long time, just in pieces. The guys who ran Cap Lease and who ran Trust REIT and who ran Cole and who ran ARCP are all still in place. Most of those people have been there seven, eight, 10 years who are running the same jobs. Some of those were CEOs of those companies that are now running huge divisions of ours. Same management, same folks who acquired under-wrote and asset managed all of our assets, and so I think what we need to do and our job is to continue to educate the agencies on why this thing is already seasoned and the rest of the equity markets frankly. This isn’t a put together and we hired 425 new people., these people have been in place running these same properties for a very-very long time and we need to educate them, but educate the rest of the world as well.
David Kay: That is correct, other than for Cole Capital that would assume the same estimates for 2015 as we have estimated for 2014. So yes that would be a year end run rate but would assume the same $4.9 billion of assets acquired during 2015 as well as the same $3.1 billion of equity raised in the Cole Capital managed funds.
David Kay: There is no growth in Cole Capital in those numbers at all, it’s just an even split with what this year is.
David Kay: Same estimates of this year where this year’s estimates were a $120 million of EBITDA but on a full year basis it would be $140 million because we only owned Cole Capital this year about 10.5 months.
David Kay: That is roughly yes, the math. And the reason there being is again is that most of the Cole Capital EBITDA will occur with the acquisitions in the capital – in Cole Capital versus where we were at the first two quarters of the year. It’s a very steep ramp up as you know.
David Kay: That’s exactly right because as articulated in that and part of reason why we really wanted to lay that out it’s because you’ll have Red Lobster and Arc Centers being owned for the three months period roughly both at the same time. And that’s why we try to be transparent and give both numbers, give the AFFO run rate so that you’ll see the difference of actually centers coming out as well as the year with both centers and Lobster in at the same period of time.
David Kay: Just to know one other thing also in the estimate there is no promotes or one-time disposition fees in any of the Cole numbers, either in the AFFO run rate that we gave of the $1.18 to a $1.24 and the $1.13 to $1.19 range where we reconcile to a $1.14.
David Kay: It’s our guidance is fairly close I would say that we are slightly behind but because LPL came on last week and we’ll come on this week with the other fund we’re still very confident in $3.1 billion. We’re not making any adjustments to that at all.
David Kay: You’re exactly right, we had higher assets, higher acquisitions, lower capital raising and low commissions. So you’re exactly right that’ll start to turn as you start to buy, raise more capital you’ll have higher commissions and then the assets will have a led out. So you’re right, margins will come in.
David Kay: Yeah, yes, I would say yes. I could be more level again in ‘15 we’ve assumed no growth at all in that just flat same as this year but yes it should ramp similarly.
David Kay: Thank you. Thank you everyone for your questions. I just wanted to thank everybody for joining us today. The second quarter continued strong performance for us and we look forward to providing more details and insights at our upcoming Investor Day. I will turn the call over now to Barney who will give you some details on that.
Lisa Beeson: Sure and it also includes a portion of the capital as part of the build to suit transactions we do where it’s put forward as capital expenditures instead of just flowing through on an acquisition basis. So it’s both pieces of the – both pieces.
Lisa Beeson: Those numbers I gave you excluded Red Lobster actually.Chris Lucas – Capital One Securities: Okay, great.
Lisa Beeson: So the numbers that I read out were excluding Red Lobster.Chris Lucas – Capital One Securities: Sure, thanks appreciate it.
