Tom Lewis: Thank you, Douglas, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our call where we will review our operations for the year and for the fourth-quarter of 2010. I have in the room with me today Gary Malino, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Paul Meurer, our Executive Vice President and CFO; John Case, our Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer and Tere Miller our Vice President, Corporate Communications. As always, I must say during this we will make certain statements that may be considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Law. The company’s actual future results may differ significantly from the matters discussed in any forward-looking statements. We will disclose in greater detail on the company’s Form 10-K, the factors that may cause such differences. As we usually do, Paul will start with an overview of the numbers.
Tom Lewis: Yes, it’s very competitive out there. I wouldn’t want to say it any other way, there’s a lot of capital floating around trying to find a home. I think as long as I’ve been in this business, there’s always been ourselves or maybe one other people out actively buying. And then there is usually, every few years, a marginal buyer that needs to put capital out and they’re out there being very aggressive. I can’t think of a time when that wasn’t the case, and it’s a case today. And then I think you’re seeing more of some institutional players that might not have been doing triple net that are today. So, there’s a lot of capital out looking at it. Each of these companies have different characteristics. So, I think it will be very competitive this year, but I think we’ll be able to hold our own given our cost to capital.Lindsay Schroll – Bank of America: All right. Great. Thank you.
Tom Lewis: That’s a great question. Traditionally, when interest rates moved to some degree one way or the other, there was generally a pretty good lag before the property started moving cap rates, and that’s whether they were going up or down. I think that would be the case. But if you look maybe six months to 12 months beyond interest rates really starting to move, you’ll see cap rates starting to move also. But having them through this now a number of times, if you saw 100-odd basis points increase in interest rates, I think you’ll see cap rates go up 10 or 20 basis points for six months and then start catching up. I think they would eventually.
Tom Lewis: That’s an equation with multiple inputs and outputs. But it’s interesting if that increase in interest rate is due to higher inflation, in anticipation of inflation, as you know, capital flows adjusted that and real estate is one of the places they go to, so you could see an environment where maybe a debt cost might be rising, but on the equity side for a while at least you might get the benefit of some additional flow. But overall, when I look at it, I think cost to capital will probably go up and would probably go up a little faster than cap rates would and that would be margins would come in or spreads would come in. I mentioned today, our equity cost of capital were about 175 to 200 basis points spread, and I think that gets narrowed because if you look at the last 16 years, it’s only been 105 basis points. So, taking the opportunity now to acquire if you can find the right thing, this is the time to do it, but there is enough spread out there right now that you could see the spread close between our cost of capital and smart cap rates and it still be pretty good time to acquire for a while.
Tom Lewis: Jeff, one other thing too is, given spreads got as wide as they did this year, I wouldn’t say it was a campaign, but I would say one of the things we’re looking at is, saying, this is a good chance to move up to credit curve, add some diversity to the portfolio relative to some investment grade tenants, and give them a large spread, still have a good spreads to grow their earnings. If you saw interest, if cost of capital going up, it probably causes to do less of that and return more to our traditional things. So we may be able to maintain the spreads a little bit for a while, but ultimately interest rates go up, cap rates will lag it and I think everybody participates in them.
Tom Lewis: We wouldn’t mind, and I really look at this over a period of 10 years, kind of widening out the net of it in the portfolio, so very slowly, we start looking at some other areas. Let me kind of go on for just for a minute. It’s interesting. We have six industries and we went public, we are in 32 today and I’d like 40 or 50 if I could, because the real game is allocating capital where people need it and as time goes on, different industries, different need more or less money. While retail will continue to be huge, I think the consumer maybe a little less positive in future years than they were in the past, given they levered up their balance sheets pretty well. And there was a huge amount of new store growth, and we just see a more moderate environment kind of looking into the future, and given that net leases become a little more mainstream, it probably make sense to widen that out, if you can find investments in other areas that have very similar characteristics to support your underwriting. So, I think really forward is if you look at what we’ve done, traditionally, we’re looking for tenants that have multiple cash flows and retailers with multiple stores. If you look at Diageo, it’s somebody with 65 consumer brands in 105 countries. So, the same word owning is not really relying on that fit. That’s the one cash flow stream they have. If you look in other areas if they are not large owners of real estate as a very critical part of their business, probably doesn’t make sense, but when you get the key for us is that the real estate is absolutely necessary in generating the revenue and EBITDA and then trying to tie that EBITDA to the properties as you mentioned. Long-term lease, same characteristics, BBB, net lease and spread. What we’ve done in retail over the years and I think the way we looked at Diageo too is anytime there is an issue in credit underwriting or you know the property is really important for creating their EBITDA, but it’s hard to support exactly how much EBITDA that property does, then you either move up the credit curve. If you recall years ago when we did the Regal transaction doing a structured transaction or something where you maybe only buying land with a lot of assets on top of it, where you are relying on residual value which is we’ve done for about 10 years now in the entertainment areas. So, that’s how we look at it and I think we’ve slowly moved into new areas in the past, I’d like to widen it, but I don’t think it’s going to be some massive campaign. Now we’ve changed where how we’re investing the capital out there. But if ten years from now I woke up and there was 10% or 20% or 30% of the assets that were really outside of retail, but still had all those characteristics in triple net lease, I think I’d be pretty happy about it. As always, I think it’s going to be at least do a lot of research, crawl for a while, then walk for a while and if it works, then you run a little harder.
Tom Lewis: I think it was more of a geographic movement tied to the pipeline and the other operations, and over as you’ve seen in recent years it was kind of the trend from the major royal kind of moving out of retail and focusing on the other end of their operation. But I really don’t think there was a lot. If you look at these convenience stores, they are the poster child for what we look for in the industry. They are first of all, over an acre of land. And as you know, you want both the convenient store and gas station, so you can amortize to cash flows over one rent, and these averaged 1.14 acres. Second thing in that business is you could see a lot of convenience stores of maybe 800 or 1,000 square feet, but, until you get a closer to 2,000 square feet, it’s hard to really merchandise those stores effectively, and the industry about 30-year revenue and two-thirds of your profit book comes from the convenience stores. So, to the extent that you can get larger stores, they can be effectively merchandised and these average 3,500 square feet, which were on the large side of what we bought, and that 6.5 multi pump dispensers and the card readers and everything you would see. The other thing though is, there are not new stores, the average age is about 20 years old which is surprising given the size to that type of size is not typical back then. All of them have basically being reengineered and lot of money put into them over the last seven years to eight years. For us, if you look at Speedway, there are similar large stores and those that are kind of the most valuable I think because of the revenue stream that can be thrown out from a larger store that can be merchandise are what people look for the industry and these had them. I think it was more geographic. This one was unusual for us, and typically when we do a portfolio spread out around a lot of state. And in this one, there was I think 160 convenience stores that came with it, of which we bought 135 and the vast majority in one metropolitan area, which is Minneapolis. So, if you look at this size of store concentrated in a metropolitan area and we were able to get them at about $1.8 million per copy we felt very strongly that they were good stores. I don’t it was choice of these were Speedway for them, but I don’t know you’d have to ask them.
Tom Lewis: They are higher but as you know we really can’t report our tenants operating numbers nor their financials. They get to do that but they were substantially higher which is something that we really look at and same with merchandize. I think it is very good purchase for TPG and ACON.
Tom Lewis: I respectively reported what we bought at the end of the quarter. The exception we do to that is, if we have something big that we have tied out and we know that’s going to close and we are not in that situation today. So, like last year when you looked at 27 million 260, 12 million 400 its very, very difficult for us to know quarter-to-quarter, but we don’t report what we have under contract and have tied up because how you define that really drives what those numbers are and until you absolutely have it under contract in your (inaudible) and you have completed your due diligence we don’t for close.
Tom Lewis: Generally, what we do is assume that the majority will close at the end of the quarter, as a lot of times they do, so, we’ve just divided it up pretty much at the end of the four quarters throughout the year.
Tom Lewis: That’s a very interesting question and the answer is I don’t know if I’m surprised, but it’s a good observation that the money that’s floating around is in institutional hands and I think it speaks to the bifurcation that everybody is noticing in the economy that it’s very much have, have not society and those institutions that are large and can get access to capital out there and those that are smaller really struggle. So, given that’s the case, it’s kind of the same in our markets, so 1031 is soft but there is a number of institutional players with money.
Tom Lewis: Yes, they are. There is a lot of child care hanging out in there on those numbers that we’re working on.
Tom Lewis: Relative to kind of inflation and the impact on our thinking and capital structure and what we do? It’s interesting. I thought, we were going to have a major recession for about three years before we had one, so I think that there could be some inflation in the offering, but I’ve learned not to try and guess what it is. Just that we are more likely now to have it in the future perhaps than in the past, given monetary policy out there and what you’re seeing in commodities and some other areas. But it does. One of the things we’d like to do is really relates more to the impact than inflation might have on interest rates and higher interest rates, given how low we are and after 30 years of declining interest rates, trying to look forward long-term and assume that we’re more likely than not going to see increasing interest rates, given how low things are and so we have more of a prejudice even than we had in the past for utilizing equity, although I’m sure at some point, we’ll use debt. If you look into last few years, our debt on the balance sheet has started to decline. Debt-to-market cap like 26 something. And we’d like to bring that down further because I think in the next year or two or three, everything’s just fine. But if you start looking even in modestly levered balance sheet like ours and refinancing three, four, five years down the road higher interest rates, you can have some FFO pulled out of the numbers, and to the extent that you continue to have debt on, that could be sizable. So I think it really leads us towards trying to keep a very modest amount of leverage on the books looking over the next five, six, seven years and then kind of being tactical in the short-term. Relative to the revenue side in our leases, one of the things that’s happened over the last 25 years is given there was a big bout of inflation early in our business as retailers really got away from allowing landlords to have a lot of inflation increases in the leases, and while they are talked about a lot, most triple net leases don’t have a lot of them. We’ve built into ours that we don’t straight line as you know anywhere 1% to 2%, 2% plus per cent and when you get much beyond that and you look at inflation, it’s hard to adjust. That’s been a major program we’ve been on for couple years. But given the size of the portfolio and how difficult it is an acquisition it is very hard to move that number. But looking back two and half years ago, only about 6% of our leases really adjusted well for inflation, either through being a flat percentage of sales or CPI, we now have that up to about 18%, but it’s very slow going trying to move that needle. So if you had higher inflation, higher interest rates, I think we would adjust decently on the revenue side. But on the expense side, we want to make sure it doesn’t hurt us, so it probably leads us to lean more towards equity than debt.
Tom Lewis: We’ve used preferred. If you look at the differential in price today, it’s substantial. If you do a kind of the forward FFO yield, grossed up for issuance on equity, you get a little over 6% today, not much and fall off your issue preferred.
Tom Lewis: So you give up 100 basis points today, but you kind of fix it. It could be attractive. We’d have to watch it, but I don’t think preferred will be a huge part of the capital structure, so I think we think equity first, preferred second and then debt when tactically it makes sense for us. Like Diageo, when it was a fairly large acquisition in the new area and we weren’t sure quite what the impact that marketplace was going to be, and we were able to finance first with debt and turns out the market was seem to be happy with what we bought, came back with equity and that’s kind of like we want to use debt, but we used both.
Tom Lewis: Thank you everybody for taking the time today, and we’ll talk to you soon at one of the meetings out there, or hopefully at the next call. Thank you very much. Thank you, Doug.
