Tom Lewis: All right. Good afternoon, everybody and thank you, Elisa, and welcome to our call to talk about the first quarter. In the room with me is Gary Malino, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Paul Meurer, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; John Case, our Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer and Mike Pfeiffer, our General Counsel and he is also an Executive Vice President, and Tere Miller, who is our Vice President of Corporate Communications. And, as always, during this call, we will make certain statements that may be considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. The company’s actual future results may differ significantly from the matters discussed in any forward-looking statements. We will disclose in greater detail on the company’s Form 10-K the factors that may cause such differences. And with that, we’ll open it up as we usually do, going over the numbers, to Paul and he will handle that.
Tom Lewis: Excuse me, 2% to 3% of rent, but basically our concerns there are abated, quite a bit as in talking to the tenants, they have seen that their business have improved. So a bit more positive there relating to how we do the portfolio going forward this year. I would also say that leasing and sales activities is rest in the portfolio management department is in pretty good environment right now, and overall, we think the portfolio should be pretty stable going forward. And there are no new issues that have emerged over the last quarter. So a little bit more positive comp related to the portfolio. Moving on to the property acquisitions, the first quarter was obviously quiet, but second very busy, and I’ll let John Case, our Chief investment Officer comment on acquisition.
Tom Lewis: I’ll start with the last part of that. I think we will continue to get bigger, notwithstanding sales because the acquisitions will outstrip them, and fortunately we have been able to do more acquisitions as the market has been, there has been at lot of product on the market. We have been very active and with good spreads and cost of capital, it’s really an nice window here to jump through, but size over time, is certainly an issue down the road. Relative to sales, talked to linked again in the last two about kind of re-rating the whole portfolio and starting to sell off some things that we don’t want to hold over the long term, and we targeted initially 106 properties out of the portfolio, a fairly small was about 114 million and asset size and really just stack that really and additional departments to do that in January and started the process, obviously these are aren’t like selling securities where you can push a button. They do take some time, but I think that initial 114 will take the balance of this year, and probably into the first quarter of next year and than what we will do is, we will probably just have another 100, 150 right behind that that we try and do over a year. So if I could targeted run rate once we get up and operating here, it will be $100 million, give or take $25 million, $50 million on each side. And that should be something that should continue, I would think, for the next three, four years based on how we’ve analyzed the portfolio. If you look at the 106 that we targeted, again, really (inaudible) in January, there is 49 of those right now where we’re out talking to brokers in the communities where those properties are and going through due diligence, getting the broker opinion of value and coming to some agreement with the person who’ll use. We have another 24 that are listed on the market right now and available. There are 13 that we had on the market that have letters of intents and then two under contract and we closed one. And then there is another 17 or so that we need to initiate. So I think we are off to a good start, but it will take a couple of quarters to get it going, we should start seeing sales ramp up, a little bit in the second quarter and then in the third and fourth, I would hope that it becomes very, very active, but we’re up and running there. If I had to guess, it would be $100 million give or take that we’re selling each year.
Tom Lewis: Yeah, I think it is, as John mentioned, that in (inaudible) acquisitions this year, about $6 billion had come in the door and for the whole year, last year, if I recall, it was about $13 billion, and then we’ll use last year numbers. Of the $13 billion, about $8 billion gets seriously analyzed and then about $3 billion goes into committee and we actually had a very high hit rate last year though we bought $1 billion. So looking at six and closing about 500 million, the numbers in terms of are pretty high and then the suitability is also very high. And a good part of it a good percentage, again, is investment grade that we’re looking at.
Tom Lewis: Yeah, about half of what we are seeing is investment grade, and what we’re invested in projected to invest in, it’s about 36%.
Tom Lewis: That’s a very interesting question. We had targeted for our modeling selling at a 10 cap and we had probably bought those assets at 8 and today they are yielding us – happen to yield us 883, those we want to sell on the sales. We only have one sale but in through looking at the LOIs and others, it’s down closer to where the cap rate spread is, it’s pretty tight I think in the four or five to date is about 9. So I think we’re going to have a better range of cap rates and some are lower than what we’re holding at so we’re doing pretty good. If you look today, it’s hard to really say, here’s what we’re buying, here is what we’re selling, we’re selling generally those tenants that we think that might be challenged in the future or in industries that we like to move away from, and we’re buying going up the credit curve, so there should be a spread there is any type of credit spreads that go on in that lease business?Paula Poskon – Robert W Baird: And I’m sorry, one last question, this is really big picture. As you sort of think about long-term really long-term about the trends of consumer spending patterns and what not, is there anything kind of emerging to you of where you definitely want to be or don’t want to be and sort of using that this next generation coming out where I’d be long (inaudible).
Tom Lewis: Right. Yeah. Very much so and will do have some very strong feelings about that, and it’s a function that we think A, retail will be tougher and then secondly, the interest rates will be something that comes in as a problem in the future. And we – it’s interesting, we kind of thought that recession was coming. We’re doing a big picture dive relative to where we were and where we kind of missed it for a couple of years in the last couple, it’s really come up front for us is dividing the consumer up to upper income, middle income and lower income and then looking at discretionary versus non-discretionary items. And saying in the upper income, you can do both the discretionary and non-discretionary, we will do very well with that money. And then when you get into middle income, it’s a little bit of a shrinking group, so you want to say with non-discretionary things, they have to buy and when you are looking at discretionary be careful. And then in the lower income, it’s a really tough going forward. Credit is tough, it’s a lot of people out of work and it’s not improving rapidly and we think we are discretionary spending, it’s going to be huge problem and so we don’t want anything that we view as discretionary spending of the low-income consumer. We made some significant investments in restaurants in 2007 and 2008, and I wish we would have looked at what we thought would be was going to happen with the economy and tied it to the consumer a couple of years earlier because a lot of that was casual dining and comes right down to the low end consumer on discretionary spending, and that’s really kind of where we don’t want to be and in retail, we want to make sure, it’s primarily the middle income, upper income consumer and then we can play in both discretionary, and non-discretionary. So if you did that and I will give you an examples, if consumer discretionary, it’s the middle and upper income, health and fitness, theatres, supplies, that was pretty good and you have to watch where you’re buying from a demographics standpoint. If it’s consumer non-discretionary kind of at the middle take, auto collision, auto service, tires, sea stores, drug stores, those look fairly attractive to us. And then kind for all demographics, those retailers could have good value propositions as kind of whole sale clothes, dollar stores, discount, volume retailers. And then, to couple it given where we think the fixed rates might go in the future by trying to go a bit up the credit curve.Paula Poskon – Robert W Baird: That’s very helpful. Thank you very much.
Tom Lewis: The retail chain increases were released of a property.Rich Moore – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, I got you.
Tom Lewis: As part of the acquisition efforts. We agree, relative to the acquisition front, for the most part, you’re not going to see that sort of situation.
Tom Lewis: Thank you. As always, we appreciate everybody’s time and look forward to talking to you again in any upcoming (inaudible) or other meetings and other than that, we’ll talk to you in about 90 days. Thank you and Elisa, thank you for your help.
