Paul Meurer: Thanks, John. I'm going to provide highlights for few items in our financial statements for the quarter starting with the income statement. Interest expense decreased in the quarter by $11 million to $53 million, and year-to-date by $10 million to $171 million. This decrease is partly due to a lower average outstanding debt balance over the past year as we primarily sold common equity and repaid outstanding bonds and mortgages. However, this decrease was also driven by the recognition of a non-cash gain of approximately $2.1 million on interest rates swaps during the quarter which caused a decrease in that liability and lowered our interest expense. And in the comparative third quarter of 2015, we recognized the non-cash loss of approximately $5.2 million that increased our interest expense in that quarter. As a reminder, we do exclude the impact of these non-cash gains and losses to calculate our AFFO. Our G&A as a percentage of total rental and other revenues was only 4.6% this quarter as we continue to have the lowest G&A ratio in the net lease REIT sector. Year-to-date, our G&A is only 4.9% of revenues and we are still projecting approximately 5% for the year. Our non-reimbursable property expenses as a percentage of total rental and other revenues was 1.6% this quarter and we are still projecting approximately 1.5% for the year. Provisions for impairment were $8.8 million in the third quarter on 11 sold properties, five properties held for sale, and two properties held for investment. $2 million of this impairment recognized in the quarter relates to the pending sale of our former headquarters office building in Escondido which is expected to close in the fourth quarter. Briefly turning to the balance sheet; we've continued to maintain our conservative capital structure. We raised approximately $500 million of common equity capital thus far this year, and as John mentioned, we successfully returned to the bond market earlier this month with a $600 million ten-year senior unsecured bond offering with the yield of 3.15%. The offering was well oversubscribed and we were very pleased with the quality of the fixed income investors in the offering. This offering extended the weighted average maturity of our senior unsecured bonds from 6.2 to 6.8 years, and provides us with additional flexibility under our $2 billion revolving credit facility which following the offering has a balance of approximately $470 million. Other than our credit facility the only variable rate debt exposure we have is on just $32.4 million of mortgage debt. And our overall debt maturity schedules remains in very good shape with only $36 million of mortgages coming due the remainder of this year. And our maturity schedule is well latter thereafter with only $284 million of maturing debt in all of 2017. Finally, our overall leverage remains low with our debt-to-EBITDA ratio standing at approximately 5.3 times. In summary, we have low leverage, excellent liquidity and continued access to attractively priced equity and debt capital; both of which remain well priced financing options today. So let me turn the call now back over to John to give you more background.
Paul Meurer: I think today you'd be looking at something for us in the 5% to -- 5% and 8% range right around there. So that's very attractive from a historical perspective relative to the preferred market. The preferred asset 6% and 8% as you know and it is callable in mid-February, and that's a decision as we get closer to it that we'll make at that time.
Paul Meurer: As a general remark, and we will -- we've stated our philosophy for the balance sheet is kind of roughly two-thirds equity, one-third long-term debt if you will to kind of help people think about how to model us going forward. When equity has been attractively priced as it's been over the past year and a half, we lean more towards doing that, and really exclusively did that for 21/22 months. And as such that brought it down to more or less say 20% debt leverage ratio, but ultimately you want to have the ability to go out more to that 30% to 35% range if you need to -- and if equity for some reason at different points in time is not as attractively priced as it is. But we're very comfortable with where we are right now in that 20% to 25% range. We'd be comfortable going up a little bit higher and have the ability and flexibility to use debt or equity going forward right now.
Paul Meurer: Right now that same bond is trading at about 137 basis points over. The deal was priced at 147 basis points, so even with the rise in treasuries we're still looking at ten-year money kind of around the same effective yield that we were able to do the transaction a few weeks ago.
Paul Meurer: We're just in terms of what we expected coming into this year. We did model doing a little bit more leverage and not just all equity, up through the third quarter. And the leverage that we modeled in fact was a little bit wider pricing, we were thrilled with what we're able to execute a few weeks ago. So given the uptick in acquisition activity throughout the year, and the fact that we're now expecting $1.5 billion; had we financed that with rather than 100% equity, financed it with two-thirds equity, one-third debt; we would have come in above our original guidance by a material amount. But what we did is took advantage of attractive equity cost and really fortify the balance sheet; and here today we sit in great shape and as Paul said, we have the flexibility to look at all forms of capital, long-term, as we look at financing the business on a go-forward basis in 2017.
Paul Meurer: It's either dark growing with our existing tenants for the most part. And I think acquisitions contributed a little bit to that but you know the uptick in this last quarter -- couple of industries, see stores and our tire, auto service. I'll head we saw a good growth in the EBITDAR from all those industries and they were the principal industries that contributed to the increase and are -- both our average and our median EBITDAR coverage ratios.
Sumit Roy: Thank you, John. During the third quarter of 2016, we invested $410 million in 93 properties located in 29 states at an average initial cash cap rate of 6.3% and with a weighted average lease term of 15.4 years. On a revenue basis, 69% of total acquisitions are from investment-grade tenants; 86% of the revenues are generated from retail; and 14% are from industrial. These assets are lease to 23 different tenants in 13 industries. Some of the most significant industries represented are drug stores, discount grocery stores, and automotive services. We closed 20 independent transactions in the third quarter and the average investment of property was approximately $4.4 million. Year-to-date 2016, we invested $1.1 billion in 236 properties located in 36 states at an average initial cash cap rate of 6.4% and with a weighted average lease term of 15 years. On a revenue basis 51% of total acquisitions are from investment-grade tenants. 81% of the revenues are generated from retail, and 19% are from industrial. These assets are lease to 41 different tenants in 24 industries. Some of the most significant industries represented are drugstores, casual dining restaurants, and transportation services. Of the 61 independent transactions closed year-to-date, two transactions where about $50 million. Transaction flow continues to remain healthy, we sourced approximately $9 billion in the third quarter. Year-to-date, we sourced approximately $23 billion in potential transaction opportunities. Off these opportunities, 51% of the volume sourced were portfolios and 49% or approximately $11 billion were one-off assets. Investment-grade opportunities represented 24% for the third quarter. Off the $410 million in acquisitions closed in the third quarter, 33% were one-off transactions. As to pricing, cap rates remained flat in the third quarter with investment grade properties trading from around 5% to high 6% cap rate range and non-investment grade properties trading from high 5% to low 8% cap rate range. Our disposition program remained active. During the quarter we sold 23 properties for net proceeds of $18.1 million at a net cash cap rate of 9.5% and realized an unlevered IRR of 7.4%. This brings us to 49 properties sold year-to-date for $53.2 million at a net cash cap rate of 7.7%, and an unlevered IRR of 8.6%. Our investment spreads relative to a weighted average cost of capital were healthy averaging 271 basis points in the third quarter which were well above our historical average spreads. We defined investment spreads as initial cash yield less on nominal first year weighted average cost of capital. In conclusion, as John mentioned, we are raising our acquisition guidance of 2016 to approximately $1.5 billion. We are also raising our 2016 disposition target to between $75 million and $100 million. With that I'd like to hand it back to John.
Sumit Roy: Yes, sure. So it's a function of both, the tenant as well as the lease term. And if you assume that the leases are structured exactly identical and the only delta is going to be the term, I would say between a 10-year and a 20-year lease term, you could potentially have a difference of anywhere between 10 to 25 basis points.
Sumit Roy: Yes, so one of the things that we've been talking about now for quite a while is our focus on asset management and we've had a very focused effort in trying to identify opportunities, not only when it comes to releasing assets but even with existing assets, out parcel developments; do my seeing existing assets, having direct conversations with tenants to figure out if they need is for the 100% of the assets or it could be better served in by taking back some of the asset and re-tenanting it. All those discussions have sort of started to finally bear fruition and that's sort of the reason why you're starting to see 105%, 106%, 110% returns. We current are looking at 31 different opportunities within our portfolio and these are just immediate opportunities which should play out over the next twelve-months. And some of the returns that John just mentioned is around the zip codes of what we are expecting on some of these opportunities and this is going to continue to be a bigger and bigger portion of our business and one of the growth drivers that we are very excited about.
Sumit Roy: I mean disposition is different, in my mind from our asset management opportunities -- pure asset management that I was referencing, part of the reason why we've increased our disposition is to take advantage of the market that we have today by another $25 million. Quantifying this asset management, it continues to change; you continue to find new opportunities. So I think I'd be premature in putting a dollar amount to it but I can certainly share with you that the returns that we're looking at are in the high teens.
John Case: Once we get the second payment in January, Diageo will be fully released and Treasury Wine Estates will become our tenant as I said. This is prime Napa Valley real estate, and our basis relative to value and investment will be about 50%. It's performing quite well for us, 15 years of lease term left. So it's not something we would look to be selling unless we had an offer that was unbelievably attractive but we'll stick with it.
John Case: Sure. Basically we thought by providing it in the first quarter we could provide an additional three months of visibility, and that should resolved in guidance that was -- it is more informed. When we looked at what our peers were doing, we saw that 85% of the S&P500 REITs released guidance in the first quarter or not at all. So again, we were bit of an outlier. This is not unlike us changing the month in which we look at our dividend a couple of years ago, our fifth dividend increases; it used to be in August, now it's in January. So we lined it up with our fiscal year. And in an industry like ours, that -- it's largely reliant on external growth to drive overall growth for the company. It is difficult as you all have seen to project acquisitions 15 months out. And so I think it's especially pertinent to our sector. So that's why we decided to release guidance going forward in the first quarter.
John Case: So over -- with the twelve-month period ending September 30, we exclusively financed our growth with equity and we've raised -- that's $1.1 billion of equity. We've raised $1.7 billion of equity over the last 20 months and our balance sheet has never been in greater shape than it is today with debt-to-total market cap of approximately 22%, 23%; and a debt-to-EBITDA in the low five, about 5.2, 5.3. So we elected to issue the bond that we referenced in our opening comments and for a number of reasons; one, we had not been in the bond market in two years. And we had an opportunity to reset our pricing by issuing a large liquid benchmark ten-year offering. We actually priced six basis points through our secondary spreads when we priced transaction and we had really incredible demand for the transaction as well. So we didn't want to over equitize, we've raised a lot of equity; we'll continue to look at all sources of financing going forward but the bond -- we could not be more pleased with the $600 million unsecured offering and then what that did for us. So we'll continue to look at equity prices going forward, we'll look at all forms of capital we have with the recent bond offering -- near-term, immediate needs for significant capital.
John Case: Okay. So the most recent transaction, we don't go into lot of detail but I will tell you that it was a negotiated off-market transactions sale leaseback opportunity that we worked on with Walgreens directly based on a relationship. Very attractive properties at -- with an appropriate investment structure; the lease does have growth in it. And it was an attractive investment. So it took us to 7.3% in terms of our overall rent exposure. When assuming in the first quarter and Walgreens expects is they've said publicly that the ready transaction will close; we'll be up to around 9% which is at the high end of where we want to be, be it any single tenet, we feel very comfortable that it's such a strong tenant. But again in this -- for the sake of diversity, we'll manage that exposure, back down a bit through additional growth and some selected asset sales but primarily through additional growth.
John Case: Yes, I'd say we have growth on in terms of the Walgreens exposure, it's probably 60% to 70% of the assets. So that's -- there are some that are flat but overall it's about between 60% and 70%. And it's all sale back transactions, not that lease existing transactions.
John Case: Well, we're selling more vacant assets that we think we're better-off selling and trying to relax. So we're being more active on that front. And this past year we had two bankruptcy events that we were planning for; that included Ryan's and the Sports Authority, and some of the sales activity had been related to vacant properties for those former tenants, end tenants.
John Case: Yes, and we'll be a little more active on the disposition front. We are raising our disposition guidance from 50 to 75 for the year, to $75 million to $100 million for the year. And again, we're -- if we have legacy assets that are not consistent with our investment parameters today, we're going to strongly consider selling those assets; some of which are leased but some of which are not leased; and redeploying that capital into assets that better fit our investment strategy and provide our shareholders with a better return.
John Case: No, cap rates have remained pretty consistent over the last 12 to 15 months. On the investment grade side we're still seeing initial yields in the low fives to the high six's on the non-investment grade side; I'd say the high-five's up into the 8% range. So that's been consistent and it really no reaction in the market to the movement and the tenure at this joint – juncture.
John Case: Sure. There is some level of competition but we're really in a good position to focus on the highest quality net lease properties given our significant cost of capital advantage, size, access to capital, balance sheet flexibility. So we remain very selective and that's been consistent. Going back to probably 2010 we acquired on average about 5% of what we're sourcing. So we're in a position where if we want it, we can generally execute and make the acquisition. So there is competition out there but seldom are we competing with other public companies for transactions, there are some private capital out there and certainly on the higher quality industrial product -- we'll run into some money being managed by investment managers, familiar with the net lease market and that could be pension fund and down and even sovereign wealth money. Not seen much out of the private or non-listed REITs today and really/only compete with maybe one or two other public companies; just on the assets. And then again, that's just given where we're focused versus where some of our peers are focused on the yield risk curve.
John Case: Karin, over the history of the company, our investment spreads versus our nominal first year weighted average cost of capital have been in the mid-100s. So we've gone as high as 275 basis points which is a record and we've been as low as 75 basis points. It all depends on the growth in assets, I mean we're not just simply looking at the spreads, we certainly want transactions to be accretive but we're also looking at the long-term benefits for the IRR, the growth and the lease. So even we have at least 100 basis points of cushion today before we even hit our average investments spread. So we're in good shape on that front.
John Case: The M&A market has been pretty slow as of -- observed it across the sectors. We're not going to -- I'm not in a position to speculate on what may or may not happen in our own sector. So I don't want to make any comments around that.
John Case: If you look at the last column, released to a tenant after a period of vacancy on Page 24 of our supplement. We had three of those six tenants where we had recapture rate of 54%, where former Ryan's that were leased to national tenants. And even though the rent was substantially less, we substantially increased the value of those investments by leasing them to national high quality tenants, long-term lease terms with good growth. So we got a much lower cap rate, in one instance it was done as a ground lease, and we got a completely new building that would revert to us at the end of the term if this tenant elects to move on. So there is a story behind all of these; if you were to exclude those three former Ryan's, the recapture rate would have been 102% versus the way you calculated it at about 93%, 94%. We still think the right number is 105% and -- including the assets that we released without vacancy. We had an excellent return on our invested capital there and we can get 18% on an unlevered basis for our shareholders, we will do that all day long.
John Case: And I'll add to that, that we expect as Sumit said to become an increasing component of our business as we more actively manage the portfolio and just to remind you the dispositions are almost exclusively non-strategic assets; they are being sold-off our list which remains right at about 1%. So it's a kind of two different concepts there.
John Case: Thanks Matt, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again, and I'm sure we'll see most, if not all of you at May REIT. So have a good afternoon and thanks for being on our call.
