Tom Lewis: Thank you Elisa good afternoon everyone and welcome to the conference call where we will review our operations and results for the second quarter and as I am always joined by some people in the room here, Paul Meurer, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Mike Pfeiffer, our EVP and General Counsel; John Case our EVP and Chief Investment Officer and Terry Miller, our Vice President, Corporate Communications. And as I always do also during this conference call, we will make certain statements that maybe considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities law, the company’s actual future results may differ significantly from the matters discussed in any forward-looking statements. And we’ll disclose in greater detail on the company’s quarterly and on the Form 10-K, the factors that could cause such differences. And Paul will start by reviewing the numbers of the quarter.
Tom Lewis: You know it's been pretty stable but it's throughout the last couple of years, but it's not the way you want to see stability. What happened is we were up around a 2, 7 forecast low coverage on the top 15 if you go back three years ago and it was dropping down into the 2-3s, 2-2s and if you look at the nine tenants that had credit events, one of the things that we did with them is adjust rents and the rents were adjusted down to get the cash flow coverage back up to a good level. At the same time though, we were able to put in the majority of the leases, some type of recapture clause of the business increases we can get part of that. So I think what you would have seen Jeff is kind of 274 down into the 2-2s and 2-3s but with the adjustments that took it back up into the kind of the 2-4 level and that’s kind of where they sit today as 2-4-4. So we saw the real down draft going back over 18 to 24 months, but really over the last. I think starting in the third quarter last year, we started to see them flatten out and a few have seen the they're in the docking chain continuing to slide a bit but that was offset by the ones going up.
Tom Lewis: There are transactions out there and I think, we have looked at the wine business a number of years ago and as we did our due diligence, we ended thinking that there were relevantly few opportunities because of kind of how we have to underwrite the business and I’ll go into detail if you want me to but the long and short of it is when this came up, given the work that we had done a few years ago and kind of the criteria we had come up and said, there’s only going to be a couple or three players that we would probably want to do something whether it is in this industry. We identified and again, this is a few years ago kind of constellation brands, Diageo and Fortune brands and then Fortune brands sold their business to someone else and when this came with Diageo, we knew who they were. We absolutely knew the assets both the vineries and the vineyards ahead of time and given where spreads are and where we thought we could work, we thought it’d be a nice addition. But it really does rely to a great extent on the credit and the due diligence as you know, we’re normally looking what you related to that the EBITDA on the real estate that we’re buying is generated for the tenants that they have to have the real estate to do it and typically if you look at this business, you can tie EBITDA to a vinery and the wine they produce and sell but its harder to do with the vineyards because a lot of the grape juice really is grown. It is bought rather than grown and so hypothetically in chapter 11, if you have a vinery with some vineyards, what they could do is, if the vineyards weren’t extremely important to their wine brand, is they could reject the vineyards and the bankruptcy, keep the vinery and then go third party to buy the grapes and so that made it a little more difficult. That led us to really take a look and say okay, the vineyards are going to have to be in some very special areas where it’s a strong premium brand and they have to label it a state bottle, which means that it needs to be grown right there or NAPA, which we should get a premium price for or some of the appellations in NAPA like Rutherford or Oakville or some of the others. But if you just took the vineyards and their cash flow coverage, you could look at the income that would be provided. You probably couldn’t get comfortable there. You say okay, if I believe that the vineyards are then tied to the vinery and they need them, I can look at the cash flow coverages for the real estate buy as a function of what they’re making on their wines and then you can go okay, I can get more comfortable and then as you are in this case, if you’re looking at a wine company with 15 brands, you might say I’d get even more comfortable, but as we look at this business and its volatility and the structure of it and we did spend quite a bit of time, we really said we’re going to have to work with a very large players with multiple cash flows or its not going to make sense for us. But fortunately, when we kind of predetermined all of that a while back and then walked away from the business, we talked parked the research and when this came up, we very quickly, I mean as soon as we saw what it was, we thought we could get there and it turned out we could.
Tom Lewis: Right. We’ve done a number of deals this size, so we’re comfortable with that but the reaction from the rating agencies was very positive given who the tenant is and how their business and given these brands and these assets and so I think the reaction was very positive there. None of our leases that I can remember require the tenant to maintain certain credit statistics, that is relevantly unheard of in the triple net lease business and I think its just kind of a non starter. But in this case, given these particular assets and I’ve spent a great deal of time up in that area and if you follow this business. In Napa, California freezes over 90% of the wine in the US Napa is one of 16 areas in California and it produces only about 4% of the wine in the US. But if you look at the prices that they get for the grapes and the wine up there, the average price for a ton of Tavern A grapes last year in California was about a $1,078 and it ranged anywhere from $300 at the lowest turn, that’s the lowest for the 16 reasons up to Napa, where it $4,777 a ton. And so, when you start looking up into that area and you start looking at the growth in new vineyards and Napa is not even about 1% a year because they put restrictions on it and a lot of the premium brands operate up there and there’s a minimum amount of vineyards for those premium brands to buy. We got a little more comfortable and I think they did too with a particular assets that we bought and also that they’d been in production. They said that these were the vineyards now for 25 to a 100 years and I think then coupling it into those two brands and one’s a 100 year old brand and the other one’s a 40 year old brand and that’s got them comfortable relative to what we’ve purchased and what we’ve paid but then it really, and this has been said by a lot of people and its true, then it really is a credit story getting a very long term lease with a very good company.
Tom Lewis: Sure, let me take a minute and try and do that. I think if you divide up our portfolio, the majority of it is basic human needs, low price points and that’s done better than stuff that’s at the higher end. So I’ll start with really kind of a negative side. It is a small component in the portfolio, little over 2% of rent which is a tenant that is in the RV business and that was just a really, really business that got hit terribly hard over the last couple of years, given the consumer durable and high ticket. And if you look at industry volumes, in 2008 the volume of RV sales in the United States went up by about a third and then it did again in 2009. And so that was an area that we were pretty deeply concerned with and we went in and worked with the tenant on some rent relief. That business has not gotten back up to peaks, but it’s stabilized, guess for this year is shipment. That were down as well, it’s 159,000 units, they are going to be up over 200,000. So but that's one we continue to watch, but we were fortunate that our tenants there kind of has several lines of revenue. One is the sale of RVs, the other one is that they do sell pretty much, it's an RV superstore that they sell anything to people who use RV and then they also have a service component. But that's one that’s been tough. Restaurant, is another obvious one, that's about 20% of rent and if you look at our portfolio, about 8% of the 20 or almost half is fast food and that has held up relatively well as the consumer traded down. But not as the consumers come back a little bit, their businesses have slowed a little bit. But the casual dining, that is really the other side of that was hit very, very hard. And that was evidenced by Buffets and a few other tenants that we worked with. And it's still not great and we continue to watch that, but it’s stabilized a bit. The other area that typically, and we have been in this business for 30 years, has done very well under recession as the Child Day Care. And they had a little more same-store rent declines than they normally would have in their business and margin decline and I think it's over the years as government has got more and more into their business. Now 20% to 25% of the for pay child care business is  paid for out of government transfer payments, and I think that some of those people have looked through the budget constraints in city, state and local government and that's been a little tougher business. So those are three that when we look to are the ones that we worry a little more about. You didn't look as convenient store business and it can have some volatility, really is function of gas margins and there’s been a little bit sales come off a little bit in the store, but that business is very consistent and holds up as a lot of M&A activity and so there’s opportunities there and we like that business and then if you look at auto service, auto tire, that is one where we initially their business softened a bit going into the recession. But now has come back because they are not buying new cars, eventually the after service are buying new tires, and those have come back. So those are kind of the key components, theaters have held up real well. Health and fitness has held up extremely well, those are about cheap entertainment, and then I think you are getting into some pretty small concentrations relative to the portfolio.
Tom Lewis: Yes, they were the majority of the acquisitions there. And it is lower, but again being to step in and finance it with the bond offering was very attractive and I think the arbitrage between where the long-term debt of the same tenant is trading and where the transaction was done made it pretty attractive.
Tom Lewis: That's pretty a good bell curve. I would say going back two three years ago, the lowest out there was about a two which was extraordinarily comfortable. Today we are looking at about a 1.59 on the low side and 3.53 on the high side. And there are really only a couple of tenants in the top 15 that are down into the 1s, but you can be somewhat comfortable when you get 1.5 above because as we have now done over 1067 rollovers at the end of leases, our experience has been if you got a 1.5 coverage, you have the tenant that is making enough money on that unit where they are going want it. And that's the bottom tenant is just really right around 1.5.
Tom Lewis: That's another way of saying that the G&A was actually in people and the things we are trying to do here to grow the business, not really on the property expense side.
Tom Lewis: Right, while being in the credit business, you are always concerned, but no there is nobody right now that's on the watch list that we think is eminent or we see some substantial problem with and that’s a very different case in the last three years whether it be a couple of three names sitting on the watch list at any given time.
Tom Lewis: Well that’s interesting. Normally, you wouldn’t think that and when we bought these, there was a huge amount of development, these lease were brought 10 or 11 years ago by both Blockbuster and Hollywood and so we looked at a lot of units and selected just one package, bought at one time and off the top, these are about 8,000 sq ft buildings, are on one to two acres of land. We paid a $1 million to a $1.4 million and they are mostly outpad types to (inaudible) good traffic. Rents when we brought them were about 16 a foot and they’ve grew to 19 a foot and when they had their Chapter 11 a couple of years ago, the recovery rate was pretty good and they weren’t that difficult to lease. The problem in the business right now is while they are good assets, there is an awful lot of video stores to release out there. If you just take Hollywood and then just some of the other change that would have problems. So there’s really blood on the market, we’re seeing good activity but I think the rent spreads are going to drop pretty dramatically there and we have received 23 of these, we’ve got 18 back to date and I think we’ve got five to go and we have a lot of activity, but that will be a hit there, but we’ve gotten out the numbers.
Tom Lewis: We are selling a little bit and if we get anything new, it would be with an existing tenant and one little unit here or there but essentially not buying and we are selling a few but the other thing is if you look at the two tenants that are still in the same store comp numbers, one of them is a restaurant and that’s where some of the rent came down.
Tom Lewis: You know its pretty broad based, I would be surprised if we’re not back into some of our existing areas that we’ve invested in on the next few acquisitions. We’re out looking a couple of three new things that will comment on when we finally get something or work on but my chances probably the balance of the year will probably be back in kind of the core stuff.
Tom Lewis: I don't know and I wouldn’t speculate. We obviously knew Chris and Mart very well and some a lot in the last couple of years. We’ve talked to them a little bit, but haven’t been deeply involved and obviously, we wouldn’t comment on anything we were looking at, be an individual or a larger type transaction. I’d only go back and this is, its not on spared, its generic. We’ve been offered a lot of companies over the years and generically, its kind of difficult to do M&A in our opinion in this business and that’s the function that we spend so much time on underwriting and then when something comes along to have to underwrite a large package all at once is problematic and that’s been the case, I actually I don't know.
Tom Lewis: No because then if we weren’t working on something and you asked me, I said yes. Next time when you ask me if we were working on something, then you’d be able to identify it. So I think if we are working, it is yes, it’s no comment and if we weren’t, it’s no comment and if we were looking at it, but not interested, it would be no comment and if we weren’t looking at it but interested, it’d be no comment.
Tom Lewis: Interesting there is no relative to me, no succession thoughts at the moment, so no. But relative to the hires we make ,yes. Well one of the things that we’re doing is we have a strategic planning program and a major emphasis of that is leadership development and that’s really looking at the company and doing an organization chart for five years from now and 10 years from now and trying to look at where are people that are in the organization today, that are likely to move away over that period of time and then looking inhouse and developing people and then also going outside to get some talent, either for that reason or variety. The advance in general you might looking to go anywhere in the new future, the answer is no and I don’t think any of our senior officers are in that mode at the moment.
Tom Lewis: If it does kind of only on a marginal basis, we got Crest obviously because we saw a lot of risks there and the timing worked out perfectly and Crest was really valuable since we started in 2000, when it was competitive atmosphere and we bought large portfolios and wanted to sell off part of them. There are a lot of people who have exited our business, probably more than the deal flow has dropped and so to date, we haven’t had to buy a lot in a transaction that we didn’t want to own and we haven’t had to do it and so as long as we don’t have to do that, that was the only reason we were using Crest. It wasn’t a side business to make a buck. While we made money, it was really so we could work on large transactions and sell off a bit. If down the road it became the case where we needed to do that, I think we’d take a long hard look about our confidence in the economy and in the number of buyers out there for that type of property, before you’d add much inventory because I think it’s a lot riskier business than it looked like for about seven eight years, we were aware of that. We were in a period of declining cap rates and it made anybody who flipped or did this type of business. Later, it looked like a very easy business, but in normal times with relatively stable cap rates, it’s a tough business and an easy business to get caught in. So we’d like to minimize what we do there unless we’re absolutely forced to, based on competition and acquisition.
Tom Lewis: Well thank you very much everybody and in the end, a pretty solid in the portfolio. Now let’s see if we can start moving the top and bottom line and thank you for taking the time to be on the call and we’ll talk to you next quarter, thank you.
