Jonathan Pong: Thank you, Sumit. Consistency has long been a benchmark by which we manage our business. To that end, we ended the second quarter with leverage at 5.3 times without settling any ATM equity during the quarter. This was the 25th consecutive quarter of leverage at 5.5 times or lower, reflecting our commitment to our A3, A- credit ratings, which we have had now since 2018. As a reminder, we manage our leverage through the lens of net debt and preferred equity to annualize pro forma adjusted EBITDA. During the second quarter, we generated approximately $200 million of adjusted free cash flow, over $100 million in real estate sales proceeds, and approximately $185 million of forward unsettled equity sold through the ATM. After modest ATM issuance activity subsequent to quarter end, we currently have almost $450 million of unsettled forward equity, which we estimate will be more than sufficient to finance our equity needs for the remainder of 2024 and still remain within our target leverage ratios. Our balance sheet remains healthy with a well-staggered debt maturity schedule that allows us to be active should borrowing costs trend lower over the maturity cycle. Last month, we repaid $350 million of maturing public notes, leaving us with only $118 million of maturing mortgage debt for the balance of the year. Our exposure to variable [ph] rate debt of $1.6 billion remains modest at only 6.3% of total debt principal at quarter end, and our liquidity remains solid with access to approximately $3.8 billion of capital. At the end of the second quarter, inclusive of cash on hand, availability under our $4.25 billion revolving credit facility and our outstanding ATM forward equity. We remain comfortable with the liability side of the balance sheet and believe we are well positioned to act on larger investment opportunities should they present themselves. As Sumit mentioned earlier, we view our credit investments as a natural hedge to the inherent interest rate risk associated with debt maturities we have on our balance sheet. That end, the six year £300 million sterling senior secure loan we invested in during the quarter provides us with an attractive 8.1% yield secured by the solid credit of a U.K. grocery store operator, while reducing the rate sensitivity on the value of sterling debt we have on the balance sheet maturing in 2030, which currently totals £540 million. From a 2024 earnings guidance perspective, we are reiterating our full year investments at $3 billion in our AFFO per share guidance of $4.15 to $4.21, which represents 4.5% annual per share growth, assuming the midpoint. As a reminder, we increased our guidance on June 4, which included the expectation of collecting the $16 million of lease termination fees that we recognized in the second quarter. Offsetting a portion of AFFO tailwinds with termination fees was the recognition of approximately $6.2 million of AR reserves from one of our clients in the convenience store industry. Lease termination fees are excluded and are same-store rental revenue calculations, while AR reserves are included. Thus, the $6.2 million of reserves that we recognized on one client in the quarter alongside impacts by theatre portfolio held back our second quarter same-store rent growth by approximately 60 basis points, resulting in overall same-store growth of 0.2% for the quarter. Including this reserve, we continue to expect our full-year same-store rental revenue growth recovered to close to the 1% level for 2024. With that, I would like to hand the call back to Sumit for closing remarks.
Jonathan Pong: Yes. So if you just look at what we disclosed in the footnotes of the income statement on the earnings press release or the supplement, you'll see that we've recognized around $9 million on a year-to-date basis in bad debt expense. And so looking at that as a percentage of revenue, it is around 70 basis points or so. Now what we've always said is that historically, we've been roughly in the 35 basis point range as a percentage of revenue is the bad debt expense. And when you strip out the pandemic, it's closer to 23 basis points. So we're a little bit ahead of that, but a lot of that was related to this $6 million reserve that we did and uptaking on 1 C-store operator, we do not expect the magnitude of that to carry forward into the back half of the year. But there is still a little bit of conservatism there. And I think from our standpoint, even though we feel very good about a lot of these credits. I think in the back half of the year, you can assume that we're assuming something close to what we recognized in the first half.
Jonathan Pong: Yes, Smedes those related to one particular tenant. And it's really reflective of an agreement that our team will be able to reach with them for a handful of assets, not the entire exposure, but just a handful.
Jonathan Pong: Yes. So Linda, first of all, there's some moving pieces with this year's guidance of approximately 1% on same-store. It's a difficult year-over-year comp because we did have some reserve reversals and deferment payments that we realized last year. Last year, we had 1.9% was our same-store number. This year at 2%, you're kind of averaging -- this year at 1%, excuse me, you're kind of averaging outside 1.5 or so level. And so next year, there should be an easing of the difficult comps, but what we've always been framing for investors, especially more recently is that we are around 1.5% on a contractual rent basis, growth basis. And we would expect that to continue next year and beyond.
Jonathan Pong: Yes, look, so if we were to sit here today and guess what indicative is might be on 10-year unsecured paper, you're probably looking at the very low 5s, call it, 5.1, 5.2 for U.S. dollar and sterling and then you're probably looking at very low 4s, about 100 basis points tighter in the Eurozone. So we always want to have a level of flexibility, I think when you look at how far wide sterling has traded relative to the dollar over the last few years and now that it's back to parity, we have been leaning more towards the dollar side over the last few years, and the optionality is there for us because we do have the currency net investment hedge capacity to be active in the sterling market. But obviously, the more euro deals that we do and transact on the greater the ability for us to access 4% paper will be. So these are the kind of things that we think about on a daily basis. A lot of it depends on the currency of the assets that we're bringing on the books. But we're glad that we left quite a bit of capacity in these currencies that are starting to trade at parity or even inside of it relative to a dollar.
Jonathan Pong: Yes. So definitely it wasn't much of a drag this year. I mean luckily, for us, we came out and did a debt offering in January and that was in the very low 5s, just above 5. So when you look at it on a year-over-year basis, not a big difference. We did obviously have a $350 million bond that we did repay. So there's a little bit of dilution from that. But I think when you look into 2025, we've got $1.8 billion, $1.9 billion, a 4.2% I just talked about how maybe there's 100 basis points of dilution if we were to do something like sterling and dollars based off of today's indicative rates that would have no more than about a 50 basis point impact to earnings. So it's obviously come in quite a bit. But obviously, if we have something from a euro standpoint that we can take advantage of that it will be breakeven for 2025 for short-term borrowings. Yes, it has been a little bit more dilutive because we peaked with the Fed funds rate this year. But I think much better than it was last year where that was close to 2% of growth that was held back solely because of that.
Sumit Roy: Thank you, Michael. That's correct. We did have a $377 million investment in the Asda loan, which was very opportunistic. We've already highlighted the reasons as to why we did that. What you should expect for the balance of the year, for the remaining half of the year, is that we are probably going to have the majority of our investments, if not 100% of our investments in our more traditional investment asset level, portfolio level, real estate direct investment. That's what's going to make up the balance of the remaining six months.
Sumit Roy: Yes. During the first quarter, we had said that we're starting to see some green shoots here in the U.S. where sellers were starting to realize the higher cap rate environment was here to stay. That obviously resulted in an increase in volume in terms of investments here in the U.S. in the second quarter. We expect that to continue into the remainder of the year. The volume increase that we saw with regards to sourcing would also attest to that phenomena. I think with the backdrop that we are seeing on the cost of capital side, I do think that there will be more transactions that will materialize in the next half, especially here in the U.S. The markets in Europe have been fairly stable. I think the expectations of the interest rate cuts were well understood. What we saw in the first quarter where we had some opportunistic sellers come to the market and be with the beneficiaries of those transactions. Similar transactions took place in the second quarter. And we feel pretty confident that, that trend will continue for the remainder of the year. But you should see an increase in volume coming from the U.S. and more of the same in markets outside the U.S.
Sumit Roy: Yes. So Joshua, we've been very clear with the market that the credit investment side of the business is an addendum to what we are offering our clients. We believe that opportunistically, it makes a lot of sense for us to continue to be a partner to our clients, such as Asda. And when you look at the investment we made, $377 million at an 8.1% 6-year paper [ph] and you overlay the fact that we have maturing debt close to £600 million coming due in about the same time frame, this is one of the reasons why we did what we did. Let me put this in perspective in a slightly different way. If we were to go out and try to do a sale leaseback on Asda real estate today, it would probably be in the mid-6s, maybe even in the slightly inside of that. And so for the same credit, if you're able to get 160, 170 basis points of additional spread over a 6-year period. I think it's -- and get the same exposure in terms of the credit. It's something that for us made a lot of sense. The other reason is one that we've continued to share with the market around why we have gone down this path of credit investments. We've always felt like, okay, we want to be long-term partners to some of our clients. We are willing to do 20-year paper sale leasebacks on their real estate. We are along the credit. We like the credit and if we can continue to create an even closer relationship by participating, higher up on the capital stack, that is something that makes a lot of sense for us. Especially when you take it in the context stuff, we are experiencing the negative impact of higher interest rate environment on our own balance sheet. And if we can offset using this credit investment as a tool, this negative impact that we experienced by participating on the asset side by providing credit to some of our clients then this is a very nice way to hedge this negative impact. Having said all of this, we've also been very clear that credit investment is going to be a point in time. This is not a tool that will work in every environment, and we don't expect to do credit investments in a very low interest rate environment. And so for all of the reasons that I've just enumerated, it's a wonderful tool to have. And thankfully, we have the relationships with clients who want us to participate, we would like to participate and it acts as a natural hedge to some of the negative headwinds that we encounter in this environment. So that's why we did what we did.
Sumit Roy: Yes. So the areas that give us that higher internal growth largely are the two you've mentioned and the international market. And obviously, this is not a new vertical for us, but industrial does tend to have higher internal growth as well. And the combination of our investments in these areas have resulted in the profile of internal growth changing from circa 1% in our business to 1.5%. And that will continue to be the areas that we focus in, in the future. I think this was a question that was asked in the previous call as well. Are there any new verticals that we are looking at? And the answer is no. We have a very well-defined total addressable market based on the verticals that we've already articulated to the market, and we are very comfortable continuing to play in those specified verticals. And there's plenty to be done. So we're very happy with that.
Sumit Roy: Yes. I don't necessarily agree with the last comment that you made in your question that John. But I'll go ahead and answer this question around investment grade representing 10% of our investments in the second quarter. We've always been very clear with the market when we've said that we don't target investment grade as a criteria for investment. What we are looking for is are we generating the right yield for the credit risk that we are taking for the real estate risk that we are taking, etcetera. And the actual ratings of the client is a byproduct of being able to underwrite appropriate risk-adjusted return profile. And if it so happens that we have clients that are investment grade as a result of that risk-adjusted profile that we are targeting. That's great. But it's not something we specifically look for. Case in point, John, if you look at our portfolio today, there are so many names in our top 20. That just happened to be non-rated. And have they gone through a rating process, they would be investment-grade. Companies like Sainsbury's, Treasury Wine Estate, we have grocers like Public and Trader Joe's that are not rated today and don't constitute an investment-grade bucket for us, but if they were to be rated, they would be. And so the point I'm trying to make is it's not something that we target. It's a byproduct of our underwriting, and we are very comfortable continuing down that path.
Sumit Roy: So Haendel, yes, the last comment you made is accurate. We are not anticipating doing any credit investments in the second half but just to be very clear, credit investments is something that we have used opportunistically in the past, and we will continue to use opportunistically going forward. But it is not contemplated that we will do any in the second half. Having said that, you're right, this is a secured bond offering. And so it is the security that we have is obviously a lot of the unencumbered real estate that as continues to own. You're also correct in assuming that we are very comfortable going along the credit. You might recall in the third quarter of last year. We did a fairly large -- I want to say, norther $600 million of sale leaseback with Asda. So this is a credit that we are very comfortable with. We like the operators. We like what they're trying to do with their business. And this is a way for us to continue to strengthen that relationship going forward. But yes, part of what we are trying to do is in the event they decide to go down the path of doing sales leasebacks, we're going to be first in line. There are no guarantees, but we will be first in line for those conversations. And that's exactly the type of position we would like to be in going forward with clients such as this.
Sumit Roy: Sure. Good question, Haendel. Look, I think it's a little too early, but the reality is that in the event that interest rates do start to come down, private equity that has largely been absent from the market should start to come back in. We are not currently seeing that in the transaction that we are pursuing. We are seeing some institutional capital, I wouldn't call them private equity coming into the market and becoming a bit more aggressive. But it's not prevalent yet. But yes, if the interest rate environment continues to be positive, i.e., rate cuts start to materialize, finding private equity as a competitor is certainly something that we should expect. You talked about us becoming more aggressive given our cost of capital having improved, especially over the last couple of weeks. That is true. And our cost of capital has improved. But the point I want to keep making, Haendel, is we want to remain very disciplined. We do believe that there will be more transactions that should take place just given the backdrop that we've talked about. But we don't have to do a whole lot to generate the earnings guidance that we've shared with the market. And if the market opportunistically produces transaction for us, that we feel like makes a lot of sense for our portfolio, we will absolutely be first in line to take advantage of that. And that's the position that we want to be in. And -- but I don't think the fact that our cost of capital has improved, that's going to be the impetus to go out there and start doing more transactions. I think the materialization of actual transactions that we would like to be successful pursuing that is going to drive what we do in the second half. And we feel based on everything that we are seeing, plus the pipeline that we have, very confident that the investment market will continue to improve.
Sumit Roy: Smedes, there are some large front actions that will be coming to market in the second half. These are existing clients that we have that we are in constant conversations with as to whether we are lucky enough to win those transactions or whether they actually end up coming to market is still a bit of a question mark. But we are starting to see those types of conversations taking place, and we feel pretty good that the market is going to improve. Our pipeline is largely along the lines of what we've achieved to date on the straight up organic acquisition side. And there aren't any $1 billion portfolio. So that's what you're thinking that we have in our pipeline yet. But the conversation leads me to believe that there will be larger portfolios coming down, but we'll see.
Sumit Roy: Sure, Greg. So a lot of it is very, it's opportunistic. It is an analysis, a very deep analysis that the asset management team takes on looking at assets for existing clients that may not have the right return profile that longer term because the markets have changed, or that particular location is not what it used to be. There could be several reasons as to why they get into the disposition list, one of which could be credit as well. And so we are using our predictive analytic tools to help monitor these 15,000 assets that we have at any given point in time and it's coming out with a rating that then suggests that, hey, this one may have a high location risk or low fungibility available to these locations. And then we overlay the credit on top of that. And then asset management goes through those and tries to create various different areas of what is the economic outcome going to look like under , for instance, a client that may not have any credit issues will pay rent. But at the end, this asset may not have other alternatives available to it outside of a vacant sale. And that return profile will be compared with selling it today to see what yields a better outcome. And that's the analysis that the asset management team is undertaking far more directly today than I think we've done in the past and that's the reason why we've come up with the $400 million to $500 million of assets that we feel like does not necessarily have a long-term future in our portfolio. And that's how we come up with the list.
Sumit Roy: Greg, as you know, I think I don't see the cap rates moving out from these levels. And in fact, they probably are going to start to come in going forward just given the backdrop that we are all experiencing with better cost of capital, more competitors are going to start to come in. It's going to put pressure on the cap rates. So, but in terms of spread, which is how we think of our business, we are very hopeful of maintaining the spreads that we've achieved thus far. And it could be a combination of our improving cost of capital despite perhaps a slightly lower cap rate environment. But we are going to be very selective in what it is that we pursue, which is why we have not gone out and increased our acquisition guidance. But let's wait and see what happens over the next couple of months. Things are fairly volatile with elections coming up later this year. And obviously, we see what's happening on the geopolitical side. So it is a bit of a volatile period. But having filtered all of that, I think you should expect to see us trying to maintain the spreads that we've achieved thus far.
Sumit Roy: Yes. Good question, Upal. You should expect at the end of it all, half of it to be occupied assets and half of it to be vacant assets. So clearly, the trend for the first half has been more vacant asset sales. So that's going to shift going forward. It is a slight shift in our strategy, but not if it is driven by two very large M&A deals that we've effectuated over the last 2.5 years. And clearly, and we've been very upfront about this. There are assets that we've inherited that it's not a long-term strategic hold for us. And so we just want to be more proactive in being able to dispose of these assets. And given the quantum of capital that this particular process can generate for i.e., $400 million to $500 million, we wanted to be very clear with the market that look, this is going to be a source of capital for us that you may or may not be aware of. And so people can appropriately underwrite that source of capital. And when we make statements like we don't have to be out in the equity market, this helps explain that piece. But the strategic rationale is always are constant vigilance on what is it that our portfolio looks like? Where has our strategic shifts occurred given everything that we are seeing and being a lot more proactive on the disposition side than we had traditionally been.
Sumit Roy: Sure. So obviously, a lot of sellers were on the sideline hoping for cap rates to move, we've always talked about the cost of capital is a mark-to-market variable that's essentially getting marked every second but cap rates tend to be stickier. And when the cost of capital changed as abruptly as it did for a lot of the REIT sector, the sellers were not able to accept that environment. And so they were waiting on the sidelines, expecting things to change, but sellers can't wait indefinitely. And we've seen that phenomenon play out in the international markets more so than here. And so when that happens, sellers start to creep back into the market after a period of time. And the added element that's taking place is there's a little bit more clarity today, and I say that and I smile as to where the interest rates are going to go, and so obviously, the cost of capital side of the equation has changed for a lot of the REITs. And so this is going to allow them to transact on transactions on assets that they would have looked at doing had their cost of capital being better. And so I think it's a movement on the buyer side. It's going to be a movement on the seller side. And that's what I mean that this should facilitate more transactions in the second half than it has in the first half.
Sumit Roy: Linda, the way to think about bad debt is we start the year expecting a certain percentage of bad debt expense. And in certain years, we either meet bills in a lot of years, we beat them. And in certain other years like the pandemic year, it goes beyond what we had originally gone into the year with. I think this is one of those -- like last year, for instance, we had positive outcomes on what our initial expectation was, which was, I think, 40, 50 basis points of rent. And all of last year, we not only did not have any bad debt expense, we actually ended up collecting on rents that we had on cash accounting. So that was a positive outcome. This year, this seems to be trending more in line with what we had anticipated at the beginning of the year. And there is some potential upside, but we are not -- we've still got five months left, and we'll see how things play out. But traditionally, it's been right around that 23% absent the pandemic year. And inclusive of the pandemic year, it's been right around 37%, 37 basis points, sorry, 37 basis points of rent that has basically been bad debt expense. So do we expect 2025 to be similar, yes? But we generally don't talk about years well in advance, which is why I'm pointing to what historically has happened at Realty Income.
Sumit Roy: We don't, Alex, which is why we are in litigation and which is where the upside comes from. So we've essentially that this year is going to be a resolution year. Once we get those assets back, we are very confident in our ability to find alternative clients in the C-store space for those particular locations. So that's where the upside is. And no, we are not expecting to resolve any of that this year.
Sumit Roy: For the first half of the year spent it was here in the U.S. That's the reason why our volumes were much lower than what was -- that's what was traditionally seen in what we've done. I think that's starting to compress that bid-ask spread, which is the reason why we feel pretty confident that the markets here in the U.S. is going to start to materialize favorably for us. And yes, so that's what we see.
Sumit Roy: Thanks, Ronald. So on the gaming side, just based on performance of the assets that we have visibility into -- it's clearly been a great investment for us. Both the assets that we currently either own 100% or partially owned have continued to perform, and we -- then the leases that were structured were, in our view, very favorable leases. It was a fair lease both to the operator and to us. And I'm not sure if there's anything there that we would change based on what we've learned over the last two years. On the data center side, we've only got one investment that has now come online. And we are very excited about continuing to work with our partner, our existing partner and some new partners that we are trying to cultivate within this space. Like I've said, the hyperscale business with enterprise clients, it's a massive business and one that I don't think any single or even three, four sources of capital can solve. And we believe that this is a total addressable market that has a place for somebody like us partnering with the right developers, operators to create our own portfolio that grows from where we are today. And I don't need to go into the thesis as to the why, but it's fairly new for us to really reflect on lessons learned. We are still trying to build that particular pipeline up. And in time, I'm sure we will share lessons learned. But one of the things that we are very focused on, and this is not necessarily based on our own history, but the history of this particular sector is to make sure that the rents that we are underwriting to day one are rents that can be supported come to renewal time, even 10, 15 years out. And I think that was one of the lessons that this particular sector had to learn the hard way when they went through renewals and they were taking write-downs in space. But outside of that, make sure that things that can become obsolete are investments that we would want the operator to make. And we stay as close and as true to the real estate as we possibly can. That's really the lens through which we are looking at the data center space.
Sumit Roy: No. The 84% is our historical average through the bankruptcy process. So any client that goes through a Chapter 11 process and if you compare the emerging rent to the pre-bankruptcy rent, that recapture rate is 84%. And Linda, if you look at the amplitude within that 84%, if you actually look at individuals, we've had situations where we've collected 70% or 65% of the rent. And then there have been situations where we've collected 100% of the rent pre-bankruptcy versus post-bankruptcy. So there is variance around this 84%, but that has historically been what we've achieved. And that's the number that we are sharing with the market.
Sumit Roy: Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking soon and seeing you at conferences in the coming months.
