John Case: Thanks, Janeen, and welcome to our call today. We’re pleased to report another active quarter for acquisitions and healthy AFFO per share growth of 4.4% to $0.71. As announced in yesterday’s Press Release we are increasing our 2016 acquisitions guidance from $900 million to approximately $1.25 billion and reiterating our AFFO per share guidance for 2016 of $2.85 to $2.90.
John Case: Thanks, Paul. I’ll begin with an overview of the portfolio, which continues to perform well. Occupancy based on the number of properties was 98%, a 20 basis points increase from last quarter. Economic occupancy was 98.9% also up from last quarter. We continue to make good progress with our re-leasing and sales efforts and expect to end the year at approximately 98% occupancy. From the 37 properties we re-leased during the quarter we recaptured 92% of the expiring rent. As it’s typical for us we had no spending on tenant improvements in connection with our re-leasing. Year-to-date we have recaptured a 103% of expiring rent on 75 lease rollovers which remains well above our long term average. Since our listing in 1994, we have re-leased or sold more than 2,100 properties with expiring leases, recapturing approximately 98% of rent on those properties that were re-leased. This compares favorably to our net-lease, our peer companies who also report this metric. Our same store rent increased 1.4% during the quarter and 1.3% year-to-date. We continue to expect annual same store rent growth to be approximately 1.3% for 2016. Approximately 90% of our leases have contractual rent increases. We remain pleased with the growth we were able to achieve from our properties, without having to incur any significant recurring maintenance capital expenditures to generate this growth. Approximately 75% of our investment grade leases have rental rate growth that averages about 1.3%. Additionally, we have never had a year with negative same store rent growth. Our portfolio continues to be diversified by tenant, industry, geography and to a certain extent, property type, all of which contribute to the stability of our cash flow. At the end of the quarter, our properties were leased to 246 commercial tenants in 47 different industries located in 49 states in Puerto Rico. 79% of our rental revenue is from our traditional retail properties. The largest component outside of retail is industrial properties at about 13% of rental revenue. There was not much movement in the composition of our top tenants and industries during the second quarter. Walgreens remains our largest tenant at 6.6% of rental revenues and drugstores remain our largest industry at 11% of rental revenue. We continue to have excellent credit quality in the portfolio with 44% of our annualized rental revenue generated from investment grade rated tenants. This percentage will continue to fluctuate and should be positively impacted in the second half of this year by Walgreens pending acquisition of Rite Aid, which represents 2% of our annualized rental revenue. The store level performance of our retail tenants also remains sound. Our weighted average rent coverage ratio for our retail properties remains 2.7 times on a four wall basis and the median remained 2.6 times. Moving on to acquisitions, we completed $310 million in acquisitions during the quarter and for the first half of the year, we completed $663 million in acquisitions, at record high investment spreads related to our weighted average cost of capital. We continue to see a strong flow of opportunities that meet our investment parameters. For the first half of the year, we sourced approximately $15 billion in acquisition opportunities, putting us on pace for another active year in acquisitions. We remain disciplined in our investment strategy acquiring under 5% of the amount sourced year-to-date, which is consistent with our average since 2010. As I mentioned, we are increasing our 2016 acquisitions guidance to approximately $1.25 billion and continue to acquire the highest quality net leased properties as we grow our portfolio. I’ll hand it over to Sumit Roy, to discuss our acquisitions and dispositions activities.
John Case: That was really a function of the assets repurchase. In first quarter, our average cap rates was 6.5% and we round it down to 6.3% for the second quarter. So it’s really a reflection of the high quality properties which would include great real estate locations good investment structures as well as the quality of the tenant and the industry; and we also had a fairly high percentage for the quarter of investment grade tenants during just under 60%, which is higher than we typically see and that also help to drive the pricing in that. But for the year, we’re still guiding to somewhere right around 6.5%, Josh.
John Case: We’ve not seen any movements in cap rates in our sector. We kind a look at it is investment grade and non-investment grade. And on the investment grade side we’re still seen a cap rate range by anywhere from the low-fives up into the high sixes on the initial yield. And on the non-investment grade product we’re seeing anything from an initial yield high-five’s up to around just north of 8% and that’s exactly where it was a quarter ago. So we haven’t seen and react to due to the change in capital cost that’s resulted in all time high on spreads that we’re experiencing right now.
John Case: Yeah, I mean, we are seeing a nice glow of sale leaseback opportunities. When you look at what we have done to date and seen, it is running near 40%. So, there is a great deal of activity out there. Overall, in terms of sourced opportunities year-to-date, we are in the proximally $15 billion, that is a good number. We can continue to see good transaction flow. And some of that flow is sale leaseback opportunities, large ones with single tenants which are well positioned to do. We we’ll see whether they happen or not. So, we are still seeing good investment opportunities.
John Case: Well, I’ll say this, in terms of tenants, we like to see them in the mid to high single-digits. You want to maintain our diversification and we want it to be the right tenant in terms of industry. We want to see industries in the low double-digits. Now, we may have period of time where we go above those levels for tenants and industries, but we will manage back down to be diversified. So, 5% of ramp represents a transaction of about $750 million. So, that will kind of give you an idea, I think that covers it.
John Case: Yeah, we only get to your first one on our cost-to-capital advantage. Real estate discipline and investment wide what’s within our investment parameters? We’ve been asked this question fairly frequently and we are not going to go out and do transactions that we are not comfortable with, just to drive accretion of earnings growth where we think the long-term returns are not going to meet our hurdle rate due to the quality of the investment. So, we are fortunate and that we are seeing plenty of opportunities that need our investment criteria and with our spreads in our distinct cost to capital advantage we are able to drive growth. So when we underwrite properties, we are really we are focusing the IRR and it doesn’t mean a hurdle rate over the long term and we are also looking at what sort of accretion does it produce today, and usually that’s the easiest hurdle. And then the challenging aspect to the underwriting process is getting something that you know and you feel confident about this going to perform over 20 year or 15 year lease term and the percentage I believe, you are going to be have good recapture on that. So that’s how we look at it.
John Case: Well, as we sit here today this is an all-time high. We’ve reached the levels close to this, I’ll saying since 2011 we’ve been at spreads and we’re substantially higher than our long term average investment spread over our nominal first year weighted average cost to capital. Over the history of a company that they averaged about 145 basis points over the last five years we’ve been more or like 180 basis points to 255 basis points and today they are close to 300 basis points based on our share price. So, the spreads are substantial but we are going to remain disciplined. We could acquire virtually everything we see given our constant capital advantage. But lot of what we see is property, not within our investment perimeter, they’re not let me want to own. As far as the balance sheet goes we’ve remained conservative, we only have we believed in a conservative balance sheet and it has enabled us to write out some difficult recessions over the last 20 years. Most recently the great recession where we were one of the few companies that continue to raise the dividend and that we have to reacquire. So, we are going to committed to maintaining a conservative balance sheet.
John Case: Dan, it really comes down to three assets. The 92% releasing spread this quarter as you said it was minimum, was about 3 basis points and lost rent are driven by just these three assets. One was a key seasonable assets it was really leased as a ground leased a best in class QSR quick service restaurant, who then improve the building and ended up dramatically enhancing the real estate value. But we went from leasing land and a building to just leasing land.  So, we had a big you would have to [indiscernible] that will down now there. There were two other assets [indiscernible] concept that accounting for the remaining negative impact on releasing spread action on these three assets the 34 remaining assets would have had a rent recapture rate of 106%. And then of course year-to-date our rent recapture rate is 103%. So until that this is a really a non-issue and certainly not to be any some sort of trend. 
John Case: Yeah, well we don’t invest actively in office, in the office that we do has come through portfolio transactions and a couple of relationships we have with major retail tenants who’ve asked us to look at on the leaseback on that headquarters. So we’re not out there actively pursuing that. As far as the difference between retail and industrial if they fit on investment parameters, we don’t have a bias and we’re not trying to target 80% retail. It’s more a function on the opportunities we see in the marketplace. So we’re seeing more retail opportunities within our investment parameters then we are industrial opportunities. But this past quarter industrial picked up a little bit, but given the market and the opportunities available, we’re going to be a predominantly retail net-lease company and whether that number is 80%, 79%, 75% 82%. We can’t tell you because that’s going to be driven by the opportunities we see in the marketplace, beyond [ph] what we are looking for.
John Case: Yeah, I think we’ve been following this closely both their current live discussions as well as their earlier discussions over in Europe. we think consolidation by enlarge is a good thing, IMCE theaters have been performing very well for us, it’s been a very good two years in the theater industry. And we’re seeing good growth there, but we think the efficiencies the size the liquidity didn’t come with this if properly structured and profitably financed certainly would be a positive.
John Case: Our --from the tenant sales growth, I don't think I have got the aggregate number of what their sales growth has been. But our EBIT - our rent coverage ratio, our EBITDAR, not sales, but our EBITDAR ratio is as I mentioned in my remarks 2.7 times on an average. And then the median is 2.6 times, and that's [ph] pre-G&A.
John Case: Yes. We have $410 million callable in February of '17. Again, we look at the market and we will consider what the most appropriate refinancing it would be, what type of capital would be, whether it's more preferred debt, equity, something else. We’ll look at all of opportunities. So we’re certainly aware of that and aware that the pricing on that is well above where we could do preferred today.
John Case: Well, we’re certainly pleased with the re-leasing spreads. And it’s just a math, we’ve got a $20 billion plus portfolio of properties, where each year the lease term get shorter by a year, and you're requiring $1.25 billion in 15 years, 16 years. A mature net lease company like ourselves, will have an average lease term that was down unless there is something exceptional that occurs. So we thought about this. This has been happening for a long time now. And we had built out our portfolio management group, which is the largest group within the company, and they've executed more than 2,100 lease rollovers, and we're quite experienced at that. So as the frequency will pick up in future years, we've got a great team in place, and we'll continue to grow that team with the proper talent. Many peers out there with longer lease terms don't even have that department. So here, I'd say one of our most important departments and certainly our largest department. So we've been focused on this for a while, but it's just, as we all say, it's simple math.
John Case: No, we really haven't. It's the same group of people that we always see. Some other public REITs every now and then, some non-listed REITs, you see the mortgage REITs. There are some private equity funds out there that invest in this sector. And then, there's the institutional capital, that’s run by experienced net lease investment managers. That could be [ph] endowment of pension fund and even sovereign wealth fund money. And they kind of change the higher-quality, higher-rated opportunities. And that hasn't changed. There hasn't been a new group of entrants in terms of competition.
John Case: Wow. One thing I've learned is I'm not very good at predicting interest rates in the future. And I haven't really met many people who are. But as we look at our own business, we want to position it for any interest rate environment. So whether they tick up, whether they continue to stay down or whether they go back down a bit, we want to have a strong balance sheet and a business model that performs well in all of those situations. Personally, there is just so much thirst for yield globally. It's hard for me to see the 10 year moving significantly, even if the Fed does raise Fed funds later this year. I'm not so sure that the influence in the 10 year is not far greater based on what's happening globally and the fund flows that are coming into the U.S. treasury market.
John Case: No it all - Not necessarily. It all - I mean, it all depends on where we're able to draw those re-leasing opportunities and what's happening with market rents and where are the rents on the properties rolling relative to those market rents and our retention rate. So I wouldn’t say it's safe to assume that, that's going to decrease.
John Case: Yes. I mean, we're - that's not something that we typically track. I'd say we're getting to sort of the relationship side of the business of what we close. We typically close 80% transactions based on direct relationships we have that we do. That's sort of our long-term average. So I don't know if that answers your question.
John Case: It's been pretty consistent. If anything, it's grown a little bit more towards relationship-oriented transactions and sale-leaseback opportunities.
John Case: Thanks, April, and thanks, everyone for joining us today. I'm sure we'll be speaking with you in the near-term future, and enjoy the rest of your summer.
Paul Meurer: Thanks, John. I will provide a few highlights for some items in our financial statements for the quarter. Starting with the income statement; other revenue in this quarter was a negative amount negative 129,000. This was a result of a reclassification of some revenue from other revenue that was book in Q1 to rental revenue that it is reflected here in Q2. Our G&A as a percentage of total rental and other revenues was 5.4% this quarter, due to higher stock compensation cost for our Board of Directors in the quarter. The stock grant occurred in May and our higher stock prices in spring caused this expense to be a little higher. Year-to-date SG&A is only 5.1% of revenues and we’re still projecting approximately 5% for the year. Our non-reimbursable property expenses as a percentage of total rental and other revenues was 1.4% and we’re still projecting approximately 1.5% for the year. Briefly turning to the balance sheet, we’ve continued to maintain our conservative capital structure. We’ve raised $487 million of common equity capital thus far this year our $2 billion credit facility which has a $1 billion expansion option has a balance of approximately $530 million. Other than our credit facility, the only variable rate debt exposure we have is on just $22.6 million of our mortgage debt. And our overall debt maturity schedule remained in very good shape, with only $5 million in mortgages and $275 million of bonds coming due during the second half of 2016. And our maturity schedule is well laddered thereafter. Finally, our overall leverage remains low with our debt-to-EBITDA ratio standing at approximately 5.1 times. So in summary we have low leverage, excellent liquidity and good excess to both equity and debt capital, both which are well priced financial alternatives for us right now. Let me turn the call back over to John to give you more background.
Paul Meurer: Yeah, Dan, it’s Paul I can speak to that a little bit. You may recall some years ago we split out initial explorations versus subsequent to indicate that the subsequent explorations do a lot better because that really is a tenant who’s already made the choice at the end of an initial 15 or 20 year term to clearly stay in that state at that property with us. And as such, there is a slightly higher likelihood that five years later they’re going to make the same decision in stay at that site. So, that was a reason we have broken this out initially. We don’t have any projections that we put on that other than to share with you that when you look into these years and you see that portion of subsequent explorations growing, that should give you some level of comfort relative to the fact that we think we’re going to do quite well with those tenants and probably going to stay at the site have a rental bumps associated with that, et cetera. But that’s why we broke it out a few years back.
Paul Meurer: It matures in mid-September. And Todd, when we get there we'll look at the alternatives we have for refinancing it, whether it be any of the markets we finance in or temporarily putting that on the line. We just have to look at the markets at the time. So it's hard to answer that several months in advance.
Paul Meurer: Yes. And you can imagine Todd, we look at that on a regular basis and kind of have models that we update frequently. That's pretty far out. So you can imagine these make whole provisions that are typically 25 basis point, sometimes 20 basis points built in to most of the bonds that are in the REIT market are there for a reason, they protect the bond investor relative to that yield, and they are pretty owners to overcome. So when you talk about multiple years out it becomes a little bit more challenging in terms of when that will make sense. I think that it will be closer become a little easier, and that's something we do a lot of work on to look at things when they are within more or less 18 to 24 month timeframe and shorter. But out to [ph] 2019, it becomes very difficult.
Paul Meurer: No. I think it would be reasonable to model something that is a lower rate if you will, relatively to where that coupon on that preferred currently is. But what type of security is difficult to say. And the one thing, I would point out is relative to FFO projection to the extent that the preferred is called which we haven’t decided that we’re even going to do that, that would obviously impact FFO for next year as well.
Paul Meurer: Tyler, it's Paul. We've done our homework on this topic, because it has come up a few times from you. The answer on average will be about 20 basis points. So when there's a year, where we say 1.3%. If you calculated the way that you calculated relative to vacant properties, it would be about 1.1%. That's our average.
