Sumit Roy: Thank you, John. During the third quarter of 2014, we invested $182 million in 49 properties located in 26 states at an average initial cash cap rate of 7.4% and with a weighted average lease term of 11.2 years. As a reminder, our initial cap rates or cash not GAAP which tend to be higher due to straight lining of rent. We define cash cap rates contractual cash net operating income for the first 12 months of each lease following the acquisition date, divided by the total cost of the property including all expenses borne by Realty Income. On a revenue basis, 53% of total acquisitions are from investment grade tenants. 96% of the revenues are generated from retail and 4% are from industrial and distribution. These assets are leased to 21 different tenants in 15 industries. Some of the most significant industries represented are home improvement and drugstores. Year-to-date 2014, we invested $1.24 billion in $439 properties located in 42 states at an average initial cash cap rate of 7.1% and with the weighted average lease term of 12.6 years. Of the total amount, approximately $329 million was invested in non-investment grade retail properties. On a revenue basis, 70% of total acquisitions are from investment grade tenants. 86% of the revenues are generated from retail, 7% are from industrial, distribution and manufacturing and 7% are from office. These assets are leased to 51 different tenants in 27 industries. Some of the more significant industries represented are Dollar stores, home improvements and drugstores. Transaction flow continues to remain healthy. We sourced more than $7 billion in the third quarter of 2014. Year-to-date we have sourced approximately $21 billion in potential transaction opportunities, which as we mentioned last quarter would put us on pace to make 2014 the year with the second largest volume sourced in our company's history. Of these opportunities, 75% of the volumes sourced were portfolios and 25% or $5 billion were one-off assets. Investment grade opportunities represented 48% for the quarter. Of the $182 million in acquisitions closed in the third quarter, approximately 48% were one-off transactions. 69% of the transactions closed in the third quarter were relationship driven. We remained selective and disciplined in our investment approach closing on less than 6% of the deals sourced and continue to capitalize on our extensive industry relationships developed over our 45 year operating history. As to pricing, cap rates remained tight in the third quarter with investment grade properties trading from mid 5% to high 6% cap rate range and non-investment grade properties trading from low-to-mid 6% to low 8% cap rate range. As John highlighted, we had a very active quarter for dispositions and have increased our dispositions guidance to approximately $100 million to take advantage of the propitious cap rate environment. During the quarter, we sold 11 properties for $33.5 million at an unlevered IRR of just over 12%. This brings us to 28 properties sold year-to-date for $53.3 million at an unlevered IRR of approximately 11% and a net cap rate of 8.1% on the leased properties sold. Our investment spreads relative to our weighted average cost of capital were very healthy, averaging 224 basis points in the third quarter and a 190 basis points year-to-date, which was significantly above our historical average spreads. We define investment spread as initial cash yield less our nominal first year weighted average cost of capital. We are continuing to make investments above our historic spreads, whilst improving our real estate portfolio, tenant quality, credit quality and overall diversification. In conclusion, the third quarter investments remained healthy at $182 million. Year-to-date we have invested $1.24 billion, while sourcing approximately $21 billion in transactions. Our spreads remained comfortably above historical level as a tight cap rate environment in the third quarter was more than offset by improving cost of capital. We continue to be very selective in pursuing opportunities that are in line with our long-term strategic objectives and within our acquisition parameters. We also took advantage of an aggressive pricing environment to accelerate disposition of assets that are no longer a strategic fit. We remained confident of reaching our updated investment and disposition goals of approximately $1.4 billion and approximately $100 million respectively for 2014. With that, I would like to hand it back to John.
Sumit Roy: Yes. So, Todd those were the ranges of assets that we saw transact in the market. We didn’t -- I don’t believe we bought anything in the low or mid 5% cap rate range. The main reason for the yield that we were able to achieve in the third quarter of a 7.4 was being driven by 18% of the volume was coming from our build-to-suit development funding, as well as some of our forward commitments, which typically has been a much smaller portion of the total acquisition volume, it’s been right around 3%, but in the third quarter that represented closer to 18%. And clearly the mix of investment grade and non-investment grade also played a part in why we were able to achieve the higher yield.
Sumit Roy: No. I think listen, a lot of it is going to be a function of what's going to be available out there. And I think we've stated this in previous calls as well. We don't target a particular composition with regards to investment grade versus non-investment grade when we're looking at acquisitions. This particular quarter it just turned out where investment grade represented only 53% whereas year-to-date it's closer to 70%. So, we're going to look at opportunities that present themselves. There is a lot of discussion around certain retail asset classes that tend to be more non-investment grade in nature. So it's very difficult to predict as to what the composition of that 500 million to 800 million that John has mentioned is going to turn out to be at the end.
John Case: Okay Juan. Let me just spend a moment on acquisitions. We continue to see inactive pipeline of sourced acquisition opportunity, so there is good transaction flow. And as we said, our investment spreads are well above our historical average. But there is also a lot of capital pursuing these opportunities. So, it has been competitive and we remain disciplined and selective with our investment strategy. We're seeing some very aggressive pricing out there among some of our peers and structures, looking at replacement cost; we're seeing assets trade sometimes at 50% above the replacement costs. We’re seeing properties that have rents that are well above market rents trading at aggressive pricing. Then we’re seeing some pretty aggressive structures as well. So we’re seeing for instance and some of the casual dining transactions that have crossed our gas, we’re seeing them get dine at very high coverage ratios, ratios we’re not comfortable with. So we’ve been in this business a long time and I think we have a pretty good idea of what’s going to work and what’s not going to work long-term. Clearly, given our cost of capital, we could do these transactions and initially that would be quite accretive. But when you look at them over the long-term, if they’re not structured and priced properly, you’re going to have some low IRRs and pay the price on the residual, and they could actually the value destructive to our shareholders long-term. Our range for acquisitions for 2015 reflects the environment we’re in today. As you know that environment can change significantly from quarter-to-quarter even month-to-month. I mean if an aggressive buyers out there that all of a sudden slows down or exits the market that could have a material impact on our volume and potentially pricing. So at this point, predicting acquisitions guidance year in advance is always difficult. And we’ve always wanted to be accurate, but not over promise. Historically, we’ve exceeded our initial guidance. If you look at last year, we had $1 billion acquisitions guidance number in October of 2013 for 2014 and we're going to exceed that by about 40%. But as usual, we'll just have to see how that year shapes up next year, but one thing we're not going to do is abandon our investment discipline simply to generate volume. Let me speak to your second point in that spreads and cap rates. Sumit addressed that on the call, but investment grade cap rates we see them get a little tighter. Investment grade is running from the mid 5s to the high 6s and non-investment grade the low 6s all the way up to 8%. As far as spreads go for the year, we've invested spreads of 190 basis points above our weighted average cost of capital. In the third quarter that was 220 basis points. And given our cost of capital today, we're looking at 240 basis points, which are near our all time record spreads. So, they remained quite attractive, but again we've got to look at this business beyond just what it's going to do over the next quarter or next year and we're looking at 10 or 11 year average 13 year or 14 year average lease terms. So, hopefully that answers your question.
John Case: We've assumed for 2015 $50 million for now and we're going to watch that pretty closely. We started out this year assuming $50 million and we're going to end up selling $100 million approximately. So, the environment continues to be heated. We're going to go ahead and move some assets, some additional assets off our watch list and take advantage of the strong bid in the market. And I think pricing will improve here in the next few months is my prediction in terms of disposition. So, in the model we have $50 million, but we’re going to watch that pretty closely and if the environment continues to look like it does today, we could see increasing that up to $100 million.
John Case: That's exactly right. I mean we're always looking for, Todd, managing our rollover and if we can enter into discussions that are advantageous for us and our tenants to re-lease early, we will do that. So, that's why you see that 77 number versus what was scheduled to roll in the quarter. So, we're pleased with that and we'll continue to do that. We're just trying to stay in front of these maturities and our leases and stay in front of them a couple of quarters or longer if we can even.
John Case: Yes. Well, I think in general our tenants are in better shape than they were certainly five years ago; their operations and balance sheets are much stronger; they are more likely to renew. So, we're leasing of the lease rollovers we're executing, 90% are going to the same tenant; 10% to a new tenant. If you look at the history of the company that's been more 70% to the same tenant and 20% to new tenant and then 10% sold. So, those statistics show you that the tenants are more comfortable renewing their leases on the properties and staying in those properties. And it’s a function of a better economic environment, but we also like to think it’s also a function of better underwriting, better tenant selection, site selection on our part having learned from 45 years history in this business.
John Case: Yes. We are -- that will be in our supplemental. So we spent 125,000 in tenant improvements in the third quarter to re-lease 16.3 million in rental revenue. So that number is de minimis, it usually is dominants; it runs from less than 1% of revenues up to maybe 2%. So, it’s never a material number, but we’re actually including that in our supplement going forward.
John Case: Year-to-date we’re at 7.1%. The 7.4%, if we were very pleased with but that’s little higher than what we’re expecting given the current market conditions.
John Case: Well, we continue to compete with the other public companies and certainly the non-listed REITs. As you've said, the capital raising has slowed down a little bit there but there is still a lot of equity in those entities. We compete with mortgage REITs and institutional investment managers who are running money for sovereign wealth funds, pension funds, endowments looking for yield. So we bump in to some of them as well. I think that the last few quarters have been some of the most competitive we've seen. And there is certainly some activities out there in the sector that would lead me to believe that the competition could become a little less than tense next year. Again it’s impossible to accurately forecast, but our sense is some of the more aggressive buyers maybe stepping back a bit from the market. So that would be the case. We certainly feel better about the higher-end of our acquisitions range.
John Case: They’re normal, they’re lumpy and they’re really driven by portfolios. And again like last year 2013 we did $1.52 billion in property level acquisitions, the last quarter was a $140 million. This year the first quarter was $650 million and this quarter was a $182 million. You’re going to see that lumpiness because it’s associated with the amount of acquisitions that get done through portfolios. So, I think that will continue. So, we’ll have some heavy quarters and some light quarters like we always have.
John Case: It’s continuing to be active in this quarter. We would expect transaction flow in terms of sourced acquisition opportunities to be strong again next year; all indicators were pointing to that it will be. 2013 was a record at 39 billion. This year, we’re already a 21 billion, which is our second best year ever just nine months into the year. So I think that we’ll continue to see that momentum, but again we’ll continue to be selective and disciplined in what we buy. There are a number of discussions going on with respect to sale leasebacks with corporate board; corporate management teams; activist investors. We don't know how many of these are going to end up playing out but it's just one or two or three hit, you could see some very big sourced volumes that could lead to higher acquisition. So that activity in terms of activist investors and corporate boards and management teams scrutinizing their real estate holdings and making sure they’re properly and efficiently managing their real estate is accelerating. So there are more discussions. Unfortunately we're involved in those discussions and that really could impact source opportunities next year there to monetize some of that real estate. 
John Case: Just want to thank you and thank everyone for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you next quarter and we'll see a lot of you next week in Atlanta NAREIT. So we look forward to catching up with you then. Take care everyone.
