Glenn Rufrano: Thanks, Bonni, and thank you all for joining our call today. We are pleased with the results for the year as we met or exceeded the core components of our business plan and guidance. AFFO per diluted share was $0.72. We had another very active year of capital allocation with over $4.6 billion transacted. Acquisitions totaled $500 million, and we repurchased $50 million of stock at an average price of $6.94. Dispositions totaled $567 million. We entered into a new credit facility with a $2 billion revolver and $900 million 5-year loan at more favorable terms than our previous one and refinanced $598 million convertible debt with a $550 million 7-year unsecured bond issuance. Net debt to normalized EBITDA ended the year at 5.9x, which includes the effect of $217.5 million in settlement payments. We remain very liquid and have no unsecured maturities until December 2020. We also had a very active year of leasing with 6.6 million square feet of activity and occupancy ending at a healthy 98.8%. Same-store rent was up 1% for the quarter and 0.5% for the year. Excluding the effect of an early lease renewal, same-store rents would have been 1.3% for the quarter and 1% for the year. We had approximately 2 million square feet expiring in 2018. However, as I just mentioned, we leased 6.6 million square feet, of which 4.6 million square feet were early renewals. This year's leasing performance is a good illustration of our leasing team's focus on our forward expiration schedule. For example, over the last 2 years, we have reduced this year, 2019, expirations by 1.6% from 4.7% to 3.1%.  Notable renewal transactions included 3.8 million square feet of industrial, 1.3 million square feet of retail, 628,000 square feet of office and 381,000 square feet of restaurants. For new leases, we recaptured 104% of prior rents, renewals 95% and early renewals 98%. We continue to see a robust commercial real estate market with $562 billion transacted during 2018, an increase of roughly 15% from last year. Liquid debt market supported real estate activity. We participated in this activity with $22 billion of single-tenant properties offered to us and were able to spread invest with acquisition cap rates of 7.1 and disposition cap rates of 6.9. With that as a backdrop, fourth quarter acquisitions totaled $221 million, bringing 2018 acquisitions to $500 million. Dispositions in the fourth quarter totaled $184 million with $567 million for the year. Acquisitions have been targeted to discount retail, and functional well-located industrial properties. 68% of our acquisitions were retail properties and are preferred merchandise categories, such as home furnishings, hobby, discount, fitness and convenience, with 32% industrial, primarily in distribution facilities. Sourcing of this product resulted in 42% sale leasebacks and 22% built-to-suit properties. Our acquisitions benefit portfolio health and allow us to remain within our disciplined guidelines. Along with acquisitions, dispositions continue to be directed towards improving the portfolio. Our strategy has focused on reducing restaurants, office, flat leases, JVs and noncore.  From the start of our business plan, we've improved portfolio metrics. Our top 10 tenants represented 27.2%, down from 33.3% in 2015. Red Lobster is now 5.5%, down from 11.8%. Office is 19.3%, down from 22%. Flat leases are now under 20%. Investment grade tenants remain healthy at 42%.  As important, we're focused on our debt balances. We've reduced net debt to normalized EBITDA from 7.5 to 5.9. We also took a very important step in simplifying our business model with the sale of Cole Capital completed in February of last year. As part of that sale, our transition services agreement will end in March. Mike will cover this as part of his G&A discussion. Before Mike reviews our financial results, let me provide a brief update on litigation. During 2018, all fact depositions were completed, and we settled claims brought by opt out shareholders representing 31% of VEREIT's outstanding shares of common stock for a total of $217.5 million. Subsequent to the year, we settled with additional shareholders for approximately $15.7 million, which brings the total to $233.2 million representing 33.5%. The judge has set a trial date for September 9 of this year and the next status conference with the court is scheduled for April 17. Additional details regarding pending litigations can be found in our 10-K filed today. Let me turn the call over to Mike.
Glenn Rufrano: Thanks, Mike. I'll now turn to guidance for 2019. AFFO per share between $0.68 and $0.70. Normalized debt -- net debt to normalized EBITDA of approximately 6x. Real estate operations with average occupancy above 98% and same-store rental growth ranging from 0.3% to 1%. Dispositions totaling $350 million to $500 million at an average cap rate of 6.5% to 7.5%, targeting our continued diversification categories, restaurants, office, flat lease and noncore. Acquisition guidance of $250 million to $500 million at an average cap rate of 6.5% to 7.5%, primarily in discount retail and industrial distribution. Acquisitions and dispositions have been generally matched as we remain conscious of our debt levels. Our guidance does not assume resolution of any pending litigation. We are very pleased with capital market funding. Since we've initiated our business plan back in 2015, we've had a total capital activity of $11 billion; $1.4 billion in acquisitions, $3.7 billion in dispositions and $5.8 billion of debt and equity. This has allowed us to strengthen and diversify our portfolio, reduce debt and obtain investment-grade ratings, better allowed our maturity schedule and provided ample liquidity in the form of unencumbered assets and availability on our line of credit. We have navigated in an evolving market with our experienced management team and are well positioned for 2019. Looking beyond 2019, we will have a healthy portfolio, well-organized operating platform and a solid balance sheet. I'll now open up the line for questions.
Glenn Rufrano: Sure, Sheila. As we've discussed in the past, our leasing teams have been working on early renewals, and you can see this year, we had actually 2 million square feet that came due but we leased 6.6 million. That's really good in terms of our expirations and increasing NAV, but on a short-term basis, it has depressed some of our same store. What we found in the fourth quarter, some of that depression giving people some early rents when we have lower same-store came back to us. So we recognized some increases in that temporary amount of same store due to early renewals.
Glenn Rufrano: Well, let me go back and go through some of the history, Sheila. I understand your question, and let's see if I can straighten some of that out, some concepts of opt out versus the last settlement that we just announced for $15.7 million. If we go back to last year, we had 14 opt outs and opt out, I'll define here, is a shareholder, who filed a lawsuit separate from the class. So we had 14 filed separately. We settled with 13 of those 14 last year and that total number was $217.5 million for 31%. That leaves 1 opt out left. Substantially, the rest of the litigation is the class, including that opt out. So that sets the stage for what an opt out is and the definition. We announced this year that we had a settlement with a group of shareholders, who decided not to participate as class members, they're in the class, they decided not to participate as class members. That group had their own outside counsel representing those shareholders, and they approached the company. We did have a settlement with them, they represented approximately 2.5% for $15.7 million. That's the total of $233.2 million for the 33.5%. Those are the facts of what have occurred. So there is 1 opt out left as defined as a shareholder, who filed a suit, the rest of the shareholders are in the class.
Glenn Rufrano: I think the best way I can answer to that is that a group of shareholders in the class decided to bring outside counsel into the situation, representing them and approached us. That's the best way I can answer that.
Glenn Rufrano: And just, Sheila, to go back, we had received $20 million before that. So if you add all that up, it's about $80 million. And the reason, the last pieces were stuck, is that there was litigation with the insurer, which we settled up, and we're able to free up the remaining funds.
Glenn Rufrano: I just want to make that clear. Then to answer the heart of your question, Tony, what do we look like when we grow up? We have worked really hard in the last 3.5 years to make sure that this company has the best portfolio, the best management team and a best and liquid balance sheet. As I said on -- in my statement, we look forward to beyond 2019 with those 3 elements, and with those 3 elements, we can compete with anybody in the business. We have to prove ourselves, we have to grow AFFO, but we have the tools to do it, and we'll continue to have the tools to do it, so that we can compete with and what we think is a very good business, a business that provides equity to corporate America, in return getting back their housing long-term and providing a long and stable balance sheet with the ability to grow it with accretive acquisitions.
Glenn Rufrano: Well, we were at 9.5 years about three years ago. And we're now at 8.9. That's pretty good for a company that has been mainly selling and not buying. We've been able to maintain that differential in three ways. We have been selling some shorter-term assets, and if we think it's right and then primarily noncore, we'll sell them, which could help that. What we have bought has generally been well over 15 years. And the third element I point to is what I talked about early on. Our leasing team is doing an awful lot of early renewals. And as we're doing early renewals, we're extending leases. So the combination of portfolio management in those three areas, acquisition, disposition and expansions, has allowed us to minimize the dilution involved over the last three years. We will continue to do that. We're conscious of it, we like to keep it as high as -- as reasonably high as possible and maintain a quality portfolio.
Glenn Rufrano: And Tony, as we mentioned, a large part of that is on space in Phoenix and here. Just to be clear, Phoenix is our headquarters, and it will remain our headquarters, but we're going to be reducing space as Cole moves out, and we'll stay in that same building, but we'll be going from basically 4 floors to 1.5. And in New York, we're actually going to move out of the building we're sitting in right now and reduce our space in half and move a couple of blocks away.
Glenn Rufrano: Well, it's -- the way I think about that, Spenser, is where on the transaction it's coming from. As you noticed, we have 42% of our transactions in sale leasebacks this year and about 20% in build to suits. Many of those are clients of ours coming back to us. Sometimes they will come through a broker, but they're primarily people we've done business with in sale leasebacks and build to suits. If we can maintain that form of ratio, I would hope that -- I expect at least 50% of what we do will come through brokers. And maybe we can do another 50% direct, if we can maintain those relationships.
Glenn Rufrano: We have no direct relationship between sales and double net. We feel fully qualified to manage these properties. We have a full team that does that. And if there is a little more risk there, we have the infrastructure to take that risk. So there is no -- any reason at all for us to discount or sell because they're double net or triple net. We look at them, price the risk and feel very comfortable with it.
Glenn Rufrano: Thanks, everybody, for joining us. We feel very good about our year and very good about what's to come. Thank you.
