Tom A. Lewis: Thank you very much, operator, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the conference call to review our operations and results for the third quarter. In the room with me today, as usual is Gary Malino, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Paul Meurer, our Executive Vice President and CFO; and John Case, our EVP and CIO and Tere Miller, our Executive Vice – excuse me, Vice President, almost promoted you, Tere, of Corporate Communications. And as always, we’ll say, during this conference call, we will make certain statements that may be considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Law. The company’s actual future results may differ significantly from the matters discussed in the forward-looking statements and we will disclose in greater detail on the company’s Form 10-Q, the factors that may cause such differences. On our call today, we’ll focus on our third quarter and year-to-date operational performance for the company. But before we get into that, let me start with just a brief comment on our merger with American Realty Capital Trust or ARCT. As most of you know, we announced on September 6 that we had reached an agreement to merge the two companies and then after our announcement of the agreement, we filed an S-4 proxy with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which is where it sits today and it is currently in review. Following that review, which we anticipate will conclude in the near future, we also anticipate getting a final and then effective proxy sent out to all of the shareholders of both the companies. And at that time, we’ll be having an opportunity to talk to all of the parties involved about what we think is an attractive opportunity for the shareholders of both companies and we then move forward towards an approval of that transaction and ultimately close it, but we’ll engage in that time and I’m sure a fair amount of discussion about it. We continue to anticipate closing the transaction towards the end of the year. So we look forward to more discussion on that once the transaction proxy is effective for us. I’d invite those with any additional questions for now. If they haven’t reviewed the S-4, it is currently filed at Securities and Exchange Commission and is available on EDGAR. And obviously, after we have comments, we’ll make any changes and get that out. Moving then on to our operating results, let me start with an overview of the numbers and Paul as usual, if you’ll do that for us.
Tom A. Lewis: Thanks, John. Obviously, we’re pleased with the acquisitions we’ve closed year-to-date and that are expected to close in the fourth quarter and certainly where spreads are as John mentioned. And we also think that we’ll start the year off in 2013 faster than we did this year given the transaction flow. If you recall a year ago, the first quarter was fairly slow relative to closings. And this is all on really the property by property or portfolios we’re seeing here on a granular basis, individual properties and really not part of any volume that comes from M&A. And if you look at the ARCT transaction upon that close, that would get us to about $4 billion in additional assets for the year. And while that’s been the news as of late, the $1 billion plus in normal acquisitions for this year as John mentioned would be a record for the company. I mentioned last quarter and it still holds true and we think it will going forward that acquisitions will continue to play a big role in continuing to grow our revenue and AFFO, which is what will drive dividend increases. And then secondly and equally important to us in adjusting the makeup of our portfolio as time goes on where we’re moving up the credit curve and we’ve made good progress on that front again, this quarter. Paul talked about the balance sheet in excess to capital. Obviously, we’re in very good shape there with plenty of dry powder to execute on acquisitions as they present themselves. Obviously, the $1 billion credit facility is very helpful for that and that is fully available. And as Paul mentioned, we also have $160 million in cash on the balance sheet. So a lot of capital to do we need to do. Obviously, relative to permanent capital out there, the markets remained open and quite attractive. Looking at the execution on the recent debt offering obviously, pricing is just absolutely outstanding and historic in the REIT industry and certainly for us on that transaction. Equity is attractively priced. And as is preferred and given cap rates may be 7.25% level for the year spreads very attractive. Relative to the guidance that we put out a month or so ago, there was no changes on that. In 2012 guidance excluding the one-time costs of the ACRT transaction, we’re looking at $2 to $2.4 per share for the year. Included in that, as Paul mentioned, is the $0.03 per share non-cash charge from the redemption of our preferred earlier in the year, and the AFFO of $2.06 to $2.11 per share, which would be about 2.5% to 5% AFFO growth. And as always, that’s our primary focus as it best represents the recurring cash flow from which we pay our dividends. On 2013 guidance, again, assuming a 12.31 closing of the ARCT transaction, we’re looking for $2.30 to $2.36 per share and AFFO of $2.31 and to $2.37 that’d be 9.5% to 15% AFFO growth for the year. And again, really is the focus given we pay dividends out of that. Speaking to dividends, we remain optimistic that our activities will support the ability to continue increase the dividend. As Paul mentioned, we increased it $0.06 in August and ended the regular quarterly increase in September. And as most of you know, we’ve also mentioned that we closed the ARCT transaction. We probably raised the dividend about $0.13 a share. And historically, what we’ve done for those that haven’t been with the company a long time, we raised the dividend in fairly equal amounts each quarter and then really looked in our August Board meeting to see if a fifth larger increase in the dividend is warranted, in order to keep our payout ratio at about 85% to 87% or so of FFO, which is our target. Our AFFO payout ratio is in that range now, and obviously, the AFFO growth for next year looks pretty attractive. And in the mid-range of the guidance that would likely get our AFFO payout ratio down around 83% or so by the end of next year, which is below where we target. So at this point, we’d anticipate 2013 to be another pretty good year for dividend growth also. I think that’s it relative to walking over the different pieces of the business. And, operator, if we can, we’ll go ahead and open it up for questions.
Tom A. Lewis: Actually no, the majority of the retail tenants as you know before three years ago were all less investment grade. And our comfort level historically on retail is obviously having cash flow – EBIDTA cash flow coverage numbers and knowing the P&Ls of the stores we own. And when we move into the distribution facilities, you really don’t have that. So you’re relying more on the real estate itself. And what you’re buying and how important it is to the tenant and their need to really use that particular facility. And so for us also then what we want to do is, we want to be going up the credit curve when we’re working on those type of properties. And that’s the majority of what we’re doing. So it’s really going to the Fortune 500 or Fortune 1,000 and approaching them, relative to those distribution facilities and trying to buy ones that are either well priced and in very good areas for them to support their long-term activities or perhaps they’re right next door to a manufacturing plant for one of their main product lines. So if you kind of look through the distribution facilities that we bought and in kind of in the last quarter, the tenants on those were, as an example, Whirlpool Corporation was one, another tenant was Procter & Gamble, another one was PepsiCo, another one was, obviously FedEx and another Toro. So all very large investment grade names and that’s generally where we’re focusing. And I don’t think we own more than one or two distribution facilities and those we bought some time ago with tenants are non-investment grade
Tom A. Lewis: Well, obviously if there is a no vote in the transaction, yes we would walk away. We think and if you look at the proxy and I also want to say that again, since it’s in the SEC and there’s likely to be some comments. We want to make sure we don’t go into too much detail until have a final and effective proxy. But if you read the background section, you can see that the negotiations were discussed over time and both parties kind of drew a line, well it’s valuation is to where they wanted to go, and we weren’t able to get there. And then after – they started trading that both of the equities moved in a fashion, so we could put together a transaction. But our feeling is that at the time that was announced, it was around a 5\9 cap rate, today on price, it’s around six. And it’s a very good portfolio, 75% investment grade, it fits what we’re trying to do strategically very carefully. But we think we paid a bit of a premium to capture this large portfolio and did so with an attractive issuance of equity. But for us, the price that we’re paying here is we think a full price in and yes, we would walk away. As we mentioned, we have $1 billion plus in acquisition. So that’s granular and we also have a great feeling about how next year is going to work out and so we would do that. However, we do believe that the majority of the shareholders once we have the final perspective, their proxy out, we’ll be able to engage in conversations and think we will get a yes vote on the transaction from both groups of shareholders for whom we think there are very good benefits.
Tom A. Lewis: Yeah, I think it’d be minor if there was a no vote by either party and I think in our case, I think we would have about $4 million that would be due as to pay for the fees of the transaction. And then we’re figuring out exactly what those would be if there was a no vote. But it’s relatively closer to that that would pay for the majority of it. And that really wouldn’t see a significant impact. I think it’s the same on the other way with that for us in a no vote. But I don’t think there’s much if any chance of that whatsoever.
Tom A. Lewis: Yeah, we would not be, actually Michael, we had obviously a very big quarter in acquisitions and we look for a substantial quarter in the fourth quarter and running the number backwards to get to a little over $1 billion in acquisition. So really with $160 million sitting in cash, we’ll easily use that for closing properties in the fourth quarter. And then it just means the full line would be fully available if we did not do the transaction. And if we do the transaction which we fully anticipate, we can do it on the line.
Tom A. Lewis: Yes, we’re pretty well along the way of getting the majority of anything from Friendly’s or Buffet’s done. So there shouldn’t be a lot there relative to CapEx on that.
Tom A. Lewis: I’ll let John comment, but it’s changing as time goes on, as it’s been interesting over the years. In the mid ‘90s, we entered the convenience store business and it really took us two, three years where everybody that was in that business knew we were out acquisitive and we were really able to accelerate thing, and in movie theaters, it was the same thing. And so, now for really last year and this year, and in particular mostly this year because most of what we bought in that area last year came from the ECM transaction. We’re now getting traction with people knowing that we are out there and we are buying this type of property. So our flow is increasing.
Tom A. Lewis: The other thing is, I think it was 1994 right, when we went public that we said that we wouldn’t want to be over 35% debt on the balance sheet and we’ve never gotten there. And we had a discussion at our board meeting in August just saying that, remains even though we’re – gosh, 20 time the size than we were then. But that, we think is in an appropriate balance sheet strategy. And in the ‘20s, we don’t mind at all either.Richard J. Milligan – Raymond James & Associates:  Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
Tom A. Lewis: You generally do have to pay a lower cap rate. And almost like in the bond markets today, credit spreads are fairly flat. And they do continue to be fairly flat in the net lease business, but it is lower. As John mentioned for investment grade, you’re kind of in the 6% to 7% cap rate, for less investment grade 7% to 8%. But given cost to capital, when you look today that over 60% of what we bought this year so far and what we’re targeting, is investment grade. But we’re getting an average cap rate of about 7.25%. It’s really one of those funny times when you can go up the curve and still have great spreads. Recall about 16, 17 years ago, Bank of New York very nicely gave me two – couple of days with their head of credit for Bank of New York, just to talk to him about credit and underwriting and all the rest of it. And I remember sitting down and he said, what are you trying to do? And I said, well I want to increase our volume of acquisitions substantially, I’d like to go up the credit curve and I’d like to have higher spreads between our cost to capital and our interest rate. And he laughed, he said so does every banker in the world who’s lending, but it’s almost impossible to do. And I look at this year and last year given Fed monetary policy and that’s exactly what happened at $1 billion plus an acquisition in each year. And going up the curve, substantially and the spreads between cost of capital and cap rate, as John went through, being some of the highest we’ve had, maybe 70 basis points over the average for 17, 18 years we’ve been public.
Tom A. Lewis: Yeah, I’m not sure what it does for the economy in the world long-term, but in the short-term in the net lease business it’s been fairly attractive for us.Craig R. Schmidt – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Thanks a lot.
Tom A. Lewis: Sure. Good question. Now we continue to absolutely pursue the flexibility of dealing in the unsecured markets with the debt and keeping the balance sheet in line. And the only mortgages that we have had to date are those where we bought a portfolio and it was really uneconomic in the short term to payoff the mortgage that anything we could payoff, we will. We’ve never put a mortgage on a property and we don’t intend to going forward, it’ll strictly be when we buy a portfolio. And then we’ll soon as – it’s economic to do so, we would pay it off and we’re very, very much committed now as have been to the unsecured market and that being how we finance the company along with perpetual preferred and common equity.
Tom A. Lewis: Well, once again we want to go up to credit curves in both our investment grades. So they’re very attractive to us.Richard C. Moore – RBC Capital Markets Equity Research:  Yeah. I got you. Very good. Thank you, guys. 
Tom A. Lewis: Our estimate for next year, I can give you a number. It’s about $42.5 million, kind of what we see in our model right now. That’s some preliminary work on the budget for next year and that sort of thing. That does assume our ARCT closes end of this years. And that would represent about 6% of our total revenues for next year, kind of again on a preliminary budget basis. So from overall ratio, we see G&A going down significantly as a percentage of total revenues, because as we’ve mentioned, we don’t see any material increase in G&A at all relative to the ARCT acquisition.Tom Lesnick – Robert W. Baird & Co.:  Alright, great. Thank you very much. 
Tom A. Lewis: Thank you, operator and thank you everybody. It’s – with an hour on the call, a little longer than we normally do and we appreciate your patience. We look forward to getting a final and effective perspective in the near future in getting that out. We will have additional discussions on the ARCT transaction. And we’ll now focus on making the fourth another successful quarter and thank you very much for your attention. Thank you, operator.
John P. Case: Okay. We had a very active third quarter for acquisitions this year. We acquired 87 properties for approximately $496 million. That was our second most acquisitive quarter in our company’s history. We acquired these properties at an average cap rate of 7.11% and the average lease term was 13 years. The credit profile of the tenants we added was very attractive. 51% of the acquisitions are leased to tenants with investments grade credit ratings. These properties are leased to 19 tenants in 18 separate industries and 11 of the 19 tenants are new tenants for us. Approximately, 70% of the acquisitions were in the dollar store, wholesale club, food processing and apparel industries and the acquisitions were well geographically diversified and 19 separate states. Just under 70% of the acquisitions we’re comprised of our traditional retail assets, the majority of the balance of the properties were distribution properties. So through the third quarter of this year, we’ve acquired 234 properties for approximately $718 million at an average cap rate of 7.12%, which we believe is attractive as we continue to improve our tenant credit profile. 64% of the acquisitions year-to-date are leased tenants with investment grade credit ratings. The average lease term of these year-to-date acquisitions has been 14.3 years. There are at least 21 tenants and 19 separate industries and are located in 33 states. 77% of these acquisitions were comprised of our traditional retail assets, and again, the majority of the balance of the properties are distribution assets. Let me spend a minute talking about the current status of the acquisitions market. The market is as active as we’ve ever seen it in our company’s history. To give you an idea of that, year-to-date, we’ve sourced $14.9 billion in acquisition opportunities as a company. Last year, during the entire year, we sourced $13 billion of acquisition opportunities, which was our most active year ever for sourcing acquisitions. About 60% of these properties sourced are leased to investment grade tenants. Now, while the market remains competitive, we’re continuing to pursue a number of these opportunities and expect to close over $1 billion in organic property level acquisitions for 2012. And of course, this would exclude our acquisitions that will be part of our merger with ARCT. And looking forward, we really don’t see a slowdown in acquisition opportunities. There are a lot of sellers in the market for a number of reasons today and we continue to be engaged in a number of discussions with those sellers. We remain optimistic relative to both our near-term and intermediate-term acquisition opportunities. Let me spend a second on cap rates. As you may have noticed, the cap rates have contracted a bit more during the year. However, we believe we’ll end the year with average cap rates in the 7.25% area. The investment grade properties that we pursue are currently trading in cap rates in the low 6% to low 7% range. And the non-investment grade properties are trading in the low 7% to low 8% cap rate range. Our investment spreads continue to be at historical highs, though. Our year-to-date average cap rate of 7.12% represents a 185 basis point spreads, our nominal cost of equity, which again, is our FFO yield adjusted for our cost of raising equity. That 185 basis points compares quite favorably to our average spread of 110 basis points over the previous 17 years when the vast majority of our acquisitions were with properties – on properties lease to non-investment grade and investment grade tenants. In 2011, our spreads or our nominal cost of equity on our acquisitions was 170 basis points when 40% of the acquisitions were with investment grade tenants. So we’ve been able to improve our investment spreads to 185 basis points while continuing to move up the credit curve this year with 64% of our acquisitions being leased to investment grade tenants. So it’s a great time for us to acquire very attractive spreads while enhancing the credit profile of our tenant base. Tom.
John P. Case: I don’t think it will materially change where we are right now. As we’ve said, in retail, there are areas that we’ve bought in the past that we just want to hold on, those we want to sell, and then a number that we still find attractive. And then outside of that, it’s really distribution a little manufacturing, a little bit of office, but not much, and perhaps agriculture, but all investment grade tenants is what we want to do there. And that’s where we’re focused. So that’s pretty much what we get in the ARCT transaction. And so I would imagine that we’ll stay right on that.
John P. Case: Yeah. So let me give you an idea for the distribution of property types within that transaction flow. So what we’ve sourced a $14.9 billion year-to-date that I referred to earlier, about 60% of that is retail properties. And the next largest chunk of that is distribution and industrial at about 25%. So that’s how it shapes out. But it does have inflow depending on what the opportunities are at any specific point during the year. But that will give you a feel for what it looked like year-to-date herein 2012.Richard J. Milligan – Raymond James & Associates:  Okay. Thanks. And, Tom, as part of that strategic review that you guys did a couple years ago, where you decided that you wanted to move up the credit curve part of that if I recall was, wanting to hedge yourselves against inflation and trying to put in contractual rent bumps or CPI bumps into the leases and increase the percentage of leases that you had with those bumps. Now with ARCT, I’m assuming most of those don’t have any bumps or CPI protection. And I’m just wondering, how you thought about the trade-off there for going up the credit curve yet sort of taking a step back in terms of inflation protecting the portfolio.
John P. Case: Craig, slightly over 50% of the retail we purchased this year to date has been with retail tenants that have investments grade credit ratings.Craig R. Schmidt – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Okay. I guess we’re living in an impossible time, but it sounds good. Thanks a lot.
Paul M. Meurer: Yeah, CapEx overall Josh, has gone up a little bit. Historically, we had virtually none. Our current projected run rate for this year and next year is about $6 million to $7 million total which of course is on a $500 million plus revenue portfolio. So still a relatively small number, but a little higher than it has been in the past. Some of that is investing in existing properties to assist in the re-leasing of those as you’ve guessed. But overall, still the large portion of the portfolio or most and all of it is more so triple-net and we’re not responsible for those sorts of expenses.Joshua Barber – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.:  Okay, that’s great. Thanks very much guys and good luck.
Paul M. Meurer: Yeah. A lot of the leases do have bumps, but that’s one of the most difficult things over the last few years has really been trying to building full CPI into the leases and we’ve gotten up and I can’t remember the exact number, but it’s over 20%.
Paul M. Meurer: Yeah. As you know, our philosophy is still, go up first, if you will, two-third is common, the remainder really the debt and preferred side in the capital structure. With this recent bond offering, as we speak and sit here today, our leverage, I’d say is a little higher than what we’d like is kind of a longer term run rate, 30% debt, 7% preferred. We prefer that to be 5% to 10% lower in terms of that portion. So we will look to the common equity markets first as a form of financing over the next 12 to 15 months in terms of the balance sheet.
