Glenn Rufrano: Thanks Bonni, and thanks for all you are joining today. Let me begin with a summary of a few items. For the quarter, AFFO per diluted share was $0.19. Acquisitions to date totaled 116.1 million. We completed approximately 213.9 million of dispositions. Net debt to EBITDA decreased to 5.5 times. Both Moody's and S&P recently upgraded the company to investment grade and we are reaffirming guidance provided in our last call of $0.70 to $0.73 of AFFO.  Starting with operations, occupancy was 98.4%, up slightly from 98.3%. Same store rent was down 0.3% for the quarter excluding the effects of the Ovation bankruptcy in last year's early renewal efforts, same store rents would have increased 0.3%. During the quarter, we entered into 61,000 square feet of new leases and 308,000 square feet of renewals of which 138,000 square feet were executed earlier. Notable lease transactions included 32,000 square foot office to franchise food, six bank locations and 125,000 square feet of restaurants space. Since introducing our business plan portfolio diversification has been enhanced by culling, going forward acquisitions will contribute. Year to date acquisitions are 116.1 million including 14.6 million subsequent to the quarter. The 21 transactions included retail properties in multiple categories; grosser, convenience, automotive service, and fitness; three leased fee interests and the distribution facility.  As mentioned last quarter, the industrial asset is leased to Best Buy, also our retail tenant. We find the cross property relationship for 20 of our tenants representing approximately 20% of our revenue. Year-to-date we have sold 55 assets spread across our strategic categories totaling 213.9 million including 14.7 million subsequent to the quarter. Dispositions included Red Lobster restaurants reducing exposure to the end of Q1 to 7.4% from 8.2% as well as office non-core properties and flat leases. Turning to the balance sheet, net debt to EBITDA was 5.5 times providing ample room for leverage neutral acquisitions. Also 99% of our debt is fixed, less than any near term impact from potential interest rate increases. The progress we've made during the past two years resulted in Moody’s upgrading VEREIT to Baa3, while S&P brought the company to BBB- matching the prior rating in our debt.  The company is now investment grade with all three major agencies including Fitch. During the quarter Cole Capital raised 66.7 million of new equity, an average of 22.2 million a month with a 25% monthly increase in March compared to February. Additionally, 18 new selling agreements were signed in Q1 representing more than 4,500 financial advisors. In April, Advisory Group one of Cole’s historically large broker dealer partners approved CCPT5 and initiated sales efforts. So Tara began INEP earlier this year and launched the CCPT5 last month. New equity for April was 24.7 million. Before Mike reviews our financial results let we provide a brief update on litigation. The plaintiffs in the class action have filed their motion for a class certification and defendants will file their responses by the end of this week. A conference is scheduled with the court on May 16. Additional details regarding pending litigations can be found in our 10-Q filed today. Let me now turn over the call to Mike.
Glenn Rufrano: Thanks Mike. In late May, many of us will head to ICSC RECon the largest real estate conference in the world. As an ICSC trustee I have the opportunity to spend time with other retail landlords, developers and advisors as well as executive of many tenants. RECon is an excellent opportunity to meet face to face with our retailers, learn more about their operations and discuss how we can leverage our partnership.  During the two and a half day conference, we’ll host nearly 90 face to face meetings with tenants like Home Depot, TJX, Michaels, PetSmart, LA Fitness, Dick's Sporting Goods and [indiscernible] amongst others and including restaurant. Following RECon our real estate teams will travel to many of our tenants corporate headquarters for strategic alliance reviews to discuss existing lease structures and renewals as well as acquisition opportunities for their long-term housing needs. Although I’m sure our discussions at RECon will revolve around the ever changing retail environment, all industries are prone to cyclical and secular disruptives. Cyclical change can be a product of overbuilding the rise and fall of brands or macroeconomic issues such as consumer confidence or changing interest rates. Secular changes are long lasting and there are a number of these changes taking place as we speak; ecommerce and omni-channel relationships, plus office space per square foot per person, increased industrial ceiling height, just to name a few.  Real estate investors approach these conditions in a number of ways. If you are not in an opportunistic fund, you may attempt to market time and try to arbitrage the profit from the resulting changes. However REITs are long-term vehicles that must adopt the strategy to help minimize the negative impact of such trends. For VEREIT, our long-term strategy of well positioned properties in a diversified portfolio made optimum by our size. Helps protect us from a variety of changes. Key portfolio metrics include 4,100 properties representing 42 industries and 663 tenant concepts. Properties dispersed across 49 states. The top ten tenets comprising only 29.5% of the portfolio and property type diversification with retail, restaurants, office, and industrial helping mitigate risk. Focusing on our retail mix, we're dominated by off price and necessity shopping of which 50% is investment grade.  In many of our core categories we see reasonable expansion plans in 2017 and beyond. In more detailed analysis of our merchandise categories are deals discount comprised of 7.9%, pharmacy 7.2, grocer 5.1, home and garden 4.5 and convenience 2.5%. Approximately 67% of our retail revenue is derived from tenants that are public companies providing increased transparency into their operations and finances. Our single tenant retail tends to have the following advantages. Credit tenants on long term leases with substantial capital investments. Generally no use restrictions or [indiscernible] issues and the ability to target tenants and industries. As we mentioned last quarter, we have virtually no traditional department stores or material exposure to specialty apparel and within sporting goods and electronics are limited tendency is dominated by strong operators. We're comfortable with our size, diversity and our single tenant focus. I’ll now open the lines to questions.
Glenn Rufrano: Have not Michael, I think what's important in our restaurants is the take a look at who we have and the diversification. We feel very good about Red Lobster as you know and also happy that they were recapitalized with Thai Union recently. But once you go beyond Red Lobster, if you look at the rest, Applebee's is 1.7, Olive Garden 0.6, 0.5, Cracker Barrel 0.5, [indiscernible] about 0.7. So we have a good stable of restaurants and the diversification, it helps that add a lot, so we're very comfortable.
Glenn Rufrano: We were happy to announce that advisory group came on, which was one of our larger broker dealers in the ’13 to ’14 era. And we did announce last quarter at the end of the year that Cetera came on. So the progress we've made with the larger advisors, larger broker dealers has been very helpful for us to establish the brand value of Cole. We're getting there that progress means a lot to us. We will make a decision relative to the value of Cole and how the public market sees it. It may be later on this year, it may be the beginning of next year, but what we care about is establishing and maintaining that value.
Glenn Rufrano: BJ is a Northeastern company that has really terrific locations, they're certainly not on par with Costco. If they got upgraded because someone acquired them that would be very nice. We're not going to bet on that. We’re happy with their credit right now and like the position we have there.
Glenn Rufrano: Sure, Sheila. At year-and, we’ve discussed a watchlist and we have a series of tenants with probability weighting of about 1.8%. We've had a very slight increase in that this quarter. We thought it was prudent to look at every tenant, which we have and we're now at about 2%. So it is a very slight increase, but I will tell you it was a thorough review that we had here to get there.
Glenn Rufrano: Our guidance, which we reaffirmed on this call Sheila has us selling about 450 to 600 in assets and buying about 450 to 600 in assets. We believe those bids for now. We also mentioned when we gave guidance that we would have more dispositions in the beginning of the year and acquisitions at the end of the year and we're conforming to it. And I would also mention that as you would expect, we are very cautious on acquiring anything at any point in time in the economy.  Frankly, I mentioned on the call last time I never gave acquisition guidance before. But we thought it’s appropriate here. We're going to buy appropriate assets. We are very targeted in what we will buy. We're pleased with what we've bought this quarter and if we can continue to finance it that fit the merchandise categories with the tenants we're looking for in retail and we can find the industrial properties that fit our locational requirements we believe we’ll be able to buy that enough assets for guidance and our disposition program has gone well with 200 million in the fourth quarter, 132 million of which were Red Lobsters, we feel we're well on our way to that $450 million to $600 million number.
Glenn Rufrano: Well, of all the disruptors that are on top of mind today Mitch, it’s certainly the disruptors related to retail. So, let me start there. Capitalism is a hard system. Retail has to be one of the most capitalist business there is. You either fail or win and that's been that way for many, many years. Today, if we look at the disruptors, we have to think about omnichannel and the different method of merchandising. We have tenants that don't embrace omnichannel. We have tenants that can’t afford omnichannel and then we have tenants who can embrace and afford it. The first two, we're not interested in.  The third one, we really care about and how that disruptor affects our tenants. But the second very important part in retail and in disruptors is just true retail value. Put omnichannel aside, for a very long time, we've talked about a retailer having to provide value and that's merchandise, price and service. What we care about here is we’ll be looking at categories and tenants that both can service omnichannel distribution, but as important, can provide value to the clientele.  When we look at our merchandise groups, we're comfortable with our merchandise groups that we're focused on and we have dominance in, discount, grocer, pharmacy, Home and Garden, convenience and within each one, we want the tenants that can afford to pay for omnichannel distribution and provide value. So that would be the number one disruptor that we talked about and that concept is extremely important in both dispositions in what we're selling, we want to dispose, the tenants cannot provide the services and we want to acquire the tenants that can provide those services.  In terms of other property types, clearly office and industrial, we will be very careful. We’re not buying office, as you know, but we have been selling office and we want to make sure our office tenants who don't -- our office properties that don't conform to the disruptors not enough parking. Not functional space, we're going to sell those and we're going to be very careful in acquiring any industrial property to make sure it's functional relative to the new age of physical plant.
Glenn Rufrano: We like what's going on at Red Lobster in that right now and need to tell you, but we are going to be committed to diversification. We don't really want tenants over 5% and so we will bring it down. We will bring it down, we'd like to get it down to 6% by the end of the year. We sold 132 million. Our goal this year was 200 to 250. So you can see we're well on our way.  We've sold $805 million dollars of Red Lobsters of the 1.6 billion. We will have by the end of this year gotten close to $1 billion in sales. Once we get to that 5% plus or minus, then we'll hold Red Lobster and we'll watch it every day, but we'll hold it, but we're not -- we're going to conform to our general concepts of diversification just because we're not smart enough to know who's good and who's bad five years from now.
Glenn Rufrano: We had two small adds that we're not sure that -- which do not have high probabilities, but we just thought prudent to add.
Glenn Rufrano: The first product they took Chris was INEP. And they're just starting to pick -- we are just starting to get sales in over the last two months. CCPT5, they have just picked up, have not -- we have not had any sales, but we do expect sales over the second, third and fourth quarter. So it is just beginning for Cetera.
Glenn Rufrano: I'm not sure of the exact transactions and I really don't know the answers to that Chris. We're looking at our own pipeline and our own acquisition activity and as you can see, it’s 100 million, a little less than what some of our peers that I've seen have done, but that’s had no concern to me at all. We're only going to buy if we like it. So I don't really have an answer in terms of whether or not someone walking away affected the market.
Glenn Rufrano: So no, that’s fine. I mean the first thing I’d say is we will always care about the value of the company and if someone were to come along and want to buy the company at a price that we thought was a very good price, there's no social issues around that and it’s a board decision, it's not my decision, but I'm sure our board would look favorably upon real good value for this company if it could be achieved. In terms of acquiring an enterprise like this relative to the debt, it would be just the normal covenants and restrictions that any company would go through. We wouldn't have anything here that’s any different or special.
Glenn Rufrano: Well, anything that we want to clean up, we clean up regardless of buyer. That’s just what we have to do on an everyday basis. So we've given a business plan as you know. We've accomplished a good part of that. We've provided guidance for the year, which we think is very reasonable. We want to make that guidance, we want to do it in the right way. Those are our tours. That's what we'll do.
Glenn Rufrano: Let's just say that, I was around when we sold new plants in April of 2007. It’s a $6 billion company. Let's just say I know enough and that we have enough experience people to know if there was something to be done, how to do it.
Glenn Rufrano: I would tell you, as we look at the acquisitions we’re seeing today, I’ve not seen a lot of pricing differential. Really, so the answer in the private market as of now, it's not reacted anywhere close to what we're seeing the public market doing there as we speak. It's clear larger deals could have a little more discount than smaller deals, but other than that, not on lot.  Now, maybe it will happen, what -- and I'm going to talk about us, what I like about our business as compared to and as we talk about retailers as compared to being in the shopping center of the business, the mall business and those businesses are -- not being negative on those businesses, if you buy a shopping center, you buy a mall, you buy everything in it. What I like about the single tenant market is we buy a single tenant, we buy a single category. We don't have to take what comes along with it. So we can make sure that whatever we're buying and whatever we're paying makes sense relatives to the portfolio.
Glenn Rufrano: We're still funding this year. We’re at 5.5 as Mike and I indicated on our net debt to EBITDA on target of 5.7 to 6. So we’re a bit below that. So we have plenty of firepower to stay within our leverage neutral concept and internally fund acquisitions. So we're not concerned with that right now. Our job this year is to dispose of assets that will create more diversification for us and buy assets to fortify the portfolio.
Glenn Rufrano: I think not a lot. I think we're going to be very cautious these days. We have a function as you would expect, a credit function that’s following all our credit. If it's a public company, as I mentioned, we have a lot of public companies in retail. We're following them every quarter. We're reading anything we can in the newspapers about them. On our private companies, we do get financials. We're reviewing them every quarter or quicker, so that any time that we hear or see of an issue relative to debt covenants, a purchase an M&A transaction, we will look at all those factors and taken them into consideration.
Glenn Rufrano: Well, the conference on May 16 centers around class certification and the judge can’t rule in the case or not. The judge can ask for more discovery relative to class certification or not. We'll have to wait and see.
Glenn Rufrano: I thank everybody for joining us today. We look forward to going ICSC and meeting with people in NAREIT and talking about what we found. Thank you very much.
