Tom Lewis: Thank you, Liz, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our conference call where we will discuss the operations activity of the second quarter and for six months of this year. In the room with me today is Gary Malino, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Mike Pfeiffer, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and as always, Tere Miller, our Vice President of Corporate Communications. And then on the call with me today will be Paul Meurer, our EVP and Chief Financial Officer, and John Case, our EVP and CIO. And again, during this conference call, we will likely make certain statements that may be considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities law, and the company’s actual future results may differ significantly from the matters discussed in any forward-looking statements. But we’ll discuss in greater detail in the company’s Form 10-Q the factors that may cause such differences. And as our custom, we’ll start with Paul and you can do an overview of the numbers.
Tom Lewis: Thank you. Obviously, it’s very nice to see a large transaction flow and continue to think that we’ll acquire what our targets have been or more, but do wish that all of the properties under contract would have closed. We think acquisitions is going to continue to play a big role, obviously, first in continuing to grow our revenue in AFFO which is what really drives our dividend increases. And then secondly and equally important to us right now in adjusting really the makeup of the portfolio where we’re trying to more sharply define where we want to be when we’re in retail, and then also as we move outside of retail and importantly, as John mentioned, up the credit curve. Let me move on. Relative to the balance sheet, just quickly, with access to capital we’re in very good shape, as Paul mentioned. Plenty of dry powder to execute on the acquisitions and the new $1 billion credit facility is very helpful in that light. Looking at permanent capital, obviously where our share price is trading is attractive, as is – the debt markets are very attractive and as is preferred, and as we acquire additional properties and the balance builds on the facility, we look to enter the capital markets and take advantage of that at some time. But for now, only about 18% of that facility is drawn. On earnings and guidance, we’re looking – as the release says – for 2.00 to 2.04 per share and FFO that includes the $0.03 of non-cash charge from the preferred. And then AFFO of 2.06 to 2.11 and that’s 2.5% to 5% growth. And that number really is our primary focus as it best really represents the recurring cash flow that we use to pay dividends. And speaking of dividends, we do remain optimistic that our activities will support continued dividend increases. As most of you know, we’ve historically raised the dividend in fairly equal amount each quarter and then looked in our August board meeting to see if a fifth larger increase in the dividend is warranted to keep our payout ratio kind of in the 85% to 87% range, which is where we’re comfortable, of AFFO. And our AFFO payout ratio is in that range now and continues to grow, and the board will have that discussion on an additional larger dividend increase in our board meeting next month. And I think that pretty much does it, and why don’t we – Liz, if we could open up the questions at this time, that’d be great.
Tom Lewis: It was an existing tenant, I believe, but we had a small position with them.RJ Milligan – Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Tom Lewis: Yes. Last year, as you recall – and John, you can help me with the numbers – we bought a billion and there were 3 large transactions that, if you totaled them up, they were...
Tom Lewis: It was very concentrated last year. And as I look down the list of what we’re looking at, it seems to be in a lot more transactions than it was last year, although some number decent size.
Tom Lewis: Gosh, I’m sorry. I’d have to sit down and do the math. But I think if you look at this, we leased or sold – I think it was...
Tom Lewis: 140, but that’s on a base of 2,600 already. So I would think – and this is top of my head. I’d have to grab a calculator. Maybe two-thirds really came from leasing.
Tom Lewis: Yes. As we always say when we discuss equity cost of capital, we realize it’s as much a philosophical and religious discussion as it is a financial one. But what we try and do, first of all, is – we’re in a business kind of like a bank where you’re working on spread and you need to make it upfront, and so we kind of focus on a forward AFFO yield, which is obviously AFFO divided by stock price and then we’ll gross it up for issuance, and then say, “Okay. Where are we coming in over that to begin?” And we really start with equity, and that’s the number where historically it’s been about 110 basis points, and at the end of the second quarter it was about 200. And then what we do is we’ll throw in the other type of capital, which is debt, which has huge spreads today and obviously is very attractive, and then preferred, which we issued at the beginning of the year. So as I said, there’s only about 18% of the line drawn right now, but as some of these get closed in the third and fourth quarter, we’ll start thinking about which way we want to go. We’ll watch the markets at that time. But let me tell you, spreads are very large all over and we have, as you know well – I think we’ve issued equity 20 times since we became public in ‘94 and that’s been at a stock price of $19 to $34 to fund accretive acquisitions. So that’s worked out pretty well for the shareholders and we’ve kept debt today I think it’s 23.8% or 23.9% on the balance sheet, so there’s a lot of room there too. So we think that’s all very attractive right now, given where spreads are.
Tom Lewis: Yes. I think we are on those. The leasing – I think we said that we thought the Friendly’s – we would recover about 80% and I looked this morning and we’ve updated that number. We think it’ll be a little higher – around 82. And then Buffet’s – yes, I think we had said about a 65 recovery. That’s also looking a little better just by a couple hundred basis points or so. And then the leasing in Friendly’s – we had in the model not to really lease anything this year and it’s gone faster than that. That was part of what this quarter was. And similar on Buffet’s. So I’d say run rate and just moving through and maybe a little bit above what we thought recoveries would be.Rich Moore – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Very good. Thank you, guys.
Tom Lewis: It wasn’t – yes. It wasn’t pricing and it wasn’t one of those others; it was the overall transaction moving away from of which we part of. And I apologize. Beyond that, I can’t say much. There were a number of parties involved and our confidentiality agreement was only cleared to discuss when it closed, and since it didn’t close we’re still under it, and since we plan to do future transactions with those parties – perhaps not on these assets – I really can’t go much further. But it was the transaction itself that went away.
Tom Lewis: Great. Of course, it’s subject to what closes and doesn’t, but John, maybe you’d take a run at that.
Tom Lewis: Yeah. It’s hard to tell, but it is, as I said, one of the things we’re trying to do. And above and beyond just investment grade, I would say even when you get below investment grade it tends to be on average a little higher credit than it might have been in the past. And that’s intentional, too. But...
Tom Lewis: Yeah. It’s just what actually closed. And as John said, the vast majority of this quarter was in retail, and traditionally those are smaller and these were a little smaller, too. So, I don’t think it’s really anything targeted. There was just a cluster of retail with smaller stores this quarter. That’s likely to increase over the next quarter – a few quarters and be a larger number per property.
Tom Lewis: John, you talked about the industries, I think, a little earlier in the call, which was general merchandise, drug store...
Tom Lewis: And so those were the industries. But we didn’t do the tenants individually, but if you look into the top 15, you’ll see that there were some increases in some names and some that popped in for the first time.
Tom Lewis: Todd, I think one’s talking cap rates, one’s talking price. I think when you do a portfolio in the 100 million to 200 million range today, it actually – you may pay a tiny bit more than you would on a one-off. Above that number, you would pay less than a one-off, and it’s not a huge spread but it’s a little bit of a spread, given the number of people out trying to put capital out in bulk.
Tom Lewis: To date, it has been all individual buyers. The numbers, in terms of property size, is fairly small, as you can see by how many we sold and what the value were. And there is a 1031 market again today, to some extent, because with the declining cap rates, there are some gains out there in commercial property. So some have been there. And – but that was the majority of kind of one-offs years ago. Today, it’s maybe a third 1031 and the other two-thirds are just people looking for yield. They are yield-starved out in the marketplace, and so when something comes out and has a name on it and has an attractive yield, the prices are – the cap rates are lower than we had anticipated when we started doing this. We were thinking on some of these it would be up in the 9 and 10s and it’s down into the 8s and 7s. So they’re individuals. One of the things we may do as we move along here, given that there are some people out there trying to look to put away money in little – larger pieces is we may package some up and work through a few people and look for a little more quasi-institutional buyer for some of the assets. But today it’s been all individual.
Tom Lewis: On the how much lead-time do we get when a tenant has a problem? We have a few properties in the portfolio that it’s a one-man show where we released and then it’s generally the rent doesn’t show up. But in the vast majority of the cases, we have large tenants. And so we’re trying to do some job of monitoring their situation. We normally do get a lead-time. Not always, but normally we’ll know 90 days ahead of time or so, and sometimes five, six months that mom’s on the roof or something’s going on. And today that – as I said earlier, there was nothing that came up during the second quarter and we don’t anticipate anything in the third quarter.
Tom Lewis: Yes correct. And I’ll just comment on that right now. We have five properties under development and it’s not a huge amount of money, and then three re-developments. And in those, if you look at it, the total cost will be about 31 million and we’ve already funded 21 million, so there’s only about 9.8 million to be funded. And in each case, it’s a situation where we have the tenant and there is somebody building the building and we were able to go in and buy it during the construction period and it’s going to get built when the lease is already in place. So you’re not taking lease upward.
Tom Lewis: I’d like to thank everybody for joining us, and thank you for your time. I know it’s a busy earnings season. And if not before, we’ll talk to you at the next quarter. Thank you again, Liz.
John Case: Right. The 90% we’ve closed year to date that’s investment-grade is high. I would expect it to come down a bit based on what’s in the pipeline and what we’re working on, but it is dependent upon some of these larger portfolios – some of which are not investment-grade, some of which are investment-grade. But I would expect it to be a little higher than where it was last year at the end of the year if I had to guess, and last year...
John Case: Yeah. We haven’t been as exactly specific, but we’d like to move that up. And again, I’ll allude to what I just said, which is some of the things that aren’t investment-grade will be cut, and if they have very high cash flows, we’ll be happy with that. But right now, we’ve gone from zero to close to 20% in between 15 to 20 today, and in just a couple of years, and we’d be very happy five, six years down the line if that was 50% to 60%. And we think that that’s something that we’ll be very happy about down the road. There will come a point likely, but interest rates do get higher, although they could stay low for some time, and so we are really working for five, six, seven years down the road, and if it could be 50, 60, 70, that’d be just fine.
John Case: I think there is a portfolio premium today in that $100 million to $200 million range. Buyers are trying to get capital efficiently invested. When you get above 200 million, that premium goes away because there’s just a limited number of players who can execute transactions in excess of 200 million without financing contingencies. So there is a bit of a portfolio premium at that level, 150 million.
