Sumit Roy: Sure. There's a bunch of questions in there, Nate. So, I'll try to take it one at a time. Look, I think during the second quarter earnings announcement, I had suggested that the pipeline was building up very strong, the sourcing data was incredibly high. And that momentum has continued in the third quarter based on almost $14.5 billion of sourcing. The good news with regards to this sourcing number is that it is fairly well distributed across geographies. I would say $10 billion or two-thirds of it was U.S., one-third is UK. And that mix has been fairly consistent throughout the year of the $47 billion odd that we've sourced. With regards to the product that we are pursuing and what the cap rate environment looks like. It is largely in what will be deemed as essential retail. So grocery stores, home improvement, convenience stores, dollar stores, there continues to be enough product within those sectors, that's keeping us busy. And again, especially on the grocery side, as well as to a lesser extent on the home improvement side, we continue to see both those industries very well represented in the UK. You talked about cap rates or pricing was a specific question. Look, we continue to see pricing cap rates compress, both here in the U.S. as well as in the UK. And this is across asset types, both on the industrial single tenant industrial side, as well as the high-quality retail assets that we are targeting and pursuing. I would say that investment grade rated retail today in the U.S. is in the low 5s to potentially even a four handle for certain assets. And it very rarely gets above a six cap. If you start to look beyond investment grade, yes, you will get in the low 5s to potentially in the low 7s. But there is very few products that we are pursuing that has a seven handle in front of it. And in the UK, the pricing is even more competitive. Especially on the grocery side, you'll find product on the retail side of the equation in the low to sort of 4.2% 4.3% zip code to the mid-5. On the single tenant industrial side across both the U.S. and UK cap rates have compressed, very good product with tenants that we would like to partner with, with long-term leases are trading in the low 4s. So it is a very expensive market. But this is where relationships and previous relationships with tenants and brokers and the folks that control some of the transactions, the developers et cetera that really comes to the forefront. And we feel very good about the pipeline that we've built. It's part of the reason why we were sitting on some cash in recognition of being able to finance right off of our balance sheet.
Sumit Roy: Yes, so I'll answer your UK question first, Nate. Again, what they are shutting down tends to be gyms, movie theaters, casual dining concepts, bars, et cetera. And we have no exposure to any of those industries, say for one theater in the UK. Most of our exposure happens to be in the grocery side of the business, and more recently, in the home improvement side of the business, which is deemed as essential retail and will continue to remain open. And these are the precise industries that have actually experienced tailwinds during this pandemic, because of some of the social distancing and stay at home norms that have been adopted by the consumer base. So, we feel pretty good about our portfolio and its ability to perform in the event of a prolonged shutdown in the UK. Here in the U.S., we've also sort of very much bookended where the risk lies, and it is primarily in the theater business, and that's the reason why we spend so much of the time discussing our thesis and walking you through why we've done what we've done in the theater side of the business. Outside of the theater business, its health and fitness to a lesser extent. And the issue of being able to continue to operate a fitness center at 50% capacity is not an issue in and of itself, because most of the time at the peak capacity levels, they rarely go above that 50%, 55% to begin with. And again, given our main two exposures in the health and fitness businesses to the Lifetime and LA Fitness, they continue to be largely open at this point. And I think in the month of October, we collected 83% of the rent. So, we feel that at least with this particular industry, we bookended the risk fairly well. But, look, if we go into a big shut down, I do think that, some of the other industries that were impacted casual dining, Daycare Centers, et cetera, they are much better equipped to handle a prolonged shutdown today than they were in the month of April. And we feel better about their ability to continue to use some of the avenues that they've created, i.e. click and collect, drive-thru, et cetera, as a method to continue to operate their businesses in a way where they can continue to pay us rent. So, the industry that I feel that is going to be - and it continues to be impacted is the theater industry. But outside of that, I think we feel pretty good about the operators we are exposed to in some of these other industries that that could be impacted. But we feel like they'll fare much better this time around than they did in April.
Sumit Roy: Yes. Sure, Katie. Look 55% of what we closed were portfolio deals in the third quarter. So, we continue to see a very healthy flow of portfolio transactions. And truth be told, that's what moves the needle for us, especially on the retail side of the equation. But the comment around cap rates continues to be true Katie, even portfolios are trading at more aggressive cap rates than they were six months ago. And we closed on a transaction in the third quarter with a client that we have a very good relationship with, and the cap rate we ended up paying on that particular portfolio was 20 basis points inside of where we did the previous sale leaseback with them on. And then subsequent to that, we've seen cap rates compress even further. And so yes, we have seen a very healthy pipeline of portfolio transactions and some staggeringly large portfolios are out there in the market. And it's public, in terms of, what they are. And so that's a very good situation for a company like ours, where we have the ability to write, do much larger transactions without running into concentration issues, and especially if it is with a relationship client and that has not abated. And it's not just a phenomenon that we're seeing here in the in the U.S. We are seeing portfolio transactions in the UK as well. And in fact, we ended up closing on a portion of a portfolio transaction that we did with one of our very good relationships in the UK in the third quarter as well. And so the momentum that we've been able to generate both here in the U.S. and the UK continues to be very strong. And that's what gives us the confidence of having increased our guidance by $500 million at the midpoint of our previous acquisition guidance.
Sumit Roy: Absolutely, Katie. I mean, we are already up to $186 million. And I think you can expect a similar run rate in the fourth quarter, which will be one of the larger disposition strategies that we've had or disposition amounts that we've had in the recent past. And the commentary on cap rates continues to be true on the disposition side of the equation as well. So of course, these are assets that no longer strategically fit the profile of our optimal portfolio, but there continues to be a market for it. And that's the reason why we were able to achieve such high double digit, high teen type unlevered IRRs, because the market is very conducive to sell into. And we will continue to do that going forward. But again, it's a story of two baskets, if you will. There's definitely a very healthy appetite for all of the industries that I've talked about as being essential retail, and cap rates are incredibly aggressive in that particular bucket. But if you look at assets in the health and fitness business, or if you look at assets in the theater business, there is no market right now. So, yes, we can continue to call our portfolio and evolve towards our optimal portfolio. But it's not a market where you can sell, essentially, any asset that you have, or you desire to sell. So, I think we have to take that into consideration as well.
Sumit Roy: Yes. So Harsh, I think, in trying to answer Katy's question, I talked about the volume, but I'll get a bit more specific. The assets that we are selling are, there was some grocery assets that we sold with operators that we didn't seem like fit our profile for the long-term, and we're able to get very aggressive pricing. All of the assets sold were here in the U.S. So I just want to make that point very clear. And then there were some assets that we've sold on the convenience store side of the business. And these tend to be formats, that, again, is not what we would be pursuing actively. So these are more like kiosks, 1,500 square feet boxes, with half an acre, with potentially tenants that don't quite have the credit profile that we would like to have long-term, there continues to be a market for those types of products and so we're selling those assets. And then of course, we sell a lot of vacant assets as well in this market. And despite the fact that we are in the midst of a pandemic there continues to be especially for well-located vacant assets, there continues to be an appetite amongst the developer community to come in and buy those fairly aggressively. And so that's the makeup of some of the assets that we've been selling. And another industry that I would throw in there is the restaurant business. So some of the assets that we've sold, happened to be in the restaurant business.
Sumit Roy: Sure. So, the way we sort of went through the analysis, I think I went through it in a fair amount of detail, but I'll just be brief. On the 31 of the 37 assets, they happen to be two of them were in the top quartile of performance, 16 were in the second quartile, 11 in the third quartile, and two in the fourth quartile. And then there were six assets for which we didn't have financial information. And so that's the 37 assets that we deemed, as being ones that in a conservative scenario, if there was going to be rationalization in the theatre business, we couldn't say with a high probability of a collection that we'll be able to collect rent, and so we move them to cash accounting. Of those 37 assets, we did the impairment analysis, because anytime we move to cash accounting that's a trigger for impairment. 12 of those assets were deemed as being impaired. And there are several analyses that we go through when you compare the undiscounted cash flow to the net book value, and if it's less than the net book value, we take an impairment. And so those 12 assets resulted in $79 million of the $105 million of impairment. And then there was another asset that we had an office asset that resulted in about $18 million of impairment. And then that basically constituted the vast majority of the $105 million. The lease terms remaining on the portfolio on the entire theater industry, I think it's in the high single digits for both Regal as well as AMC.
Sumit Roy: That's a very good observation, Greg. And because we have very tightly defined parameters for what we are going to pursue in the UK, they tend to fall in one of two buckets, it's either going to be and mostly it's going to be in the grocery side of the equation, or it's going to be home improvement. And those boxes tend to be larger, and they tend to be very well located, they tend to be located in high demographic regions. And they have a price point of right around $30 million to $45 million apart. And then when you supplement that with industrial assets that we are also pursuing, again, very rigid standards. Those will tend to be even higher than that, 2x that in some cases. So that's the product mix that you're going to find us pursuing in the UK. And that's the reason why those price per property points in the UK are going to be much larger. Here in the U.S., obviously, we go after a lot of discrete quick service restaurants, et cetera, which could trade at $1.5 million per part. And so on average the $4 million to $5 million is the average per property that you find here in the U.S., but that's what drives the differences.
Sumit Roy: Sure. And look, I don't want to speak to what our competitors are doing, Greg. But the assets that we are pursuing, with the operators that we are pursuing on the industrial side, yes, we have come across mid-6%, high-6% deals, but for a variety of reasons. And it's largely driven by where these assets are located or the tenant and the credit that the tenant has or the type of business that they are involved in. It just doesn't get us comfortable. And so we walk away from those transactions. The ones that we are pursuing, they happen to be in the zip code that I've shared with you with regards to pricing. And so it has been a bit challenging for us. And thankfully, we've got the cost of capital to pursue some not all of these transactions and that's what we're trying to do is be as clinical as we can, leverage the relationships that we have. But in some cases, pricing gets to a point where we just have to walk away.
Sumit Roy: Yes, happy to answer that. At the very beginning, I want to say right around June, et cetera, when we were reengaging, I'll tell you that we were amongst the very few that was still active in the acquisitions market. And we certainly took advantage of that. In some cases, we had transactions that we had sort of suspended, just entering into the pandemic, those came back to us. And we were able to transact some of those at slightly higher cap rates, but very, very quickly that scenario has changed. And it has become far more competitive. Even though some of our public peers have not fully engaged in the acquisitions market, there is plenty of capital chasing product on the retail side, which is where the surprise has been. The industrial has been less surprising to us. Even though, over the last six months, we've seen pricing get fairly aggressive. And there, we do see a lot of international money chasing well located long-term leases. But the biggest surprise for us has been on the retail side. The product that we're chasing, it's not surprising that that should attract the preponderance of capital. And we have seen that, and so that I think is the main reason why cap rates have gotten compressed. And now it's pretty aggressive out there.
Sumit Roy: Well, clearly transactions that are occurring. So, we just raised our guidance to $2 billion, approximately $2 billion. And so, this is obviously a testament to the pipeline that we have, transactions that we've already got over the finish line. I think, there's plenty of transactions that will get done. The fixed income market is obviously incredibly - the cost of capital in the fixed income market is incredibly low right now, it's very competitive. And so this is where, our ratings et cetera come into the forefront because if one-third of the financing is coming from there, our overall cost of capital does allow us to continue to play even though the markets have gotten aggressive. Clearly, there was a period where very, very few transactions were getting done. And this is the month of April, which is when everybody was trying to get their arms around the pandemic, et cetera. But I would say that lasted all of four to six weeks, and immediately after that, transactions got done. And they got done at higher levels in the month of June, July than they are getting down today.
Sumit Roy: Yes. Linda, that's a great question. And I wish I had an answer for you, I can't share with you that those 41 assets are obviously in the top quartile of performance. They all cleared EBITDA, which is post rent obligations, et cetera, north of $1 million per asset. And so, those were the best of the best assets that either of the two large operators have, that's part of our portfolio. And so, as to when can they get back to those levels, I did share with you that in China, even though they have some constraints in capacity, they're already at pre-pandemic levels. This is largely going to be a function of when the studios feel comfortable, releasing these assets to the theaters, and if they keep pushing the high budget content further in and further out, the further out, it will be when these assets when these theaters can generate that $1 million plus of EBITDAs. And right now this on December 24, we still have the Wonder Woman movie that is still scheduled to come out. The James Bond film got moved out to April of next year. If those start to remain, and if the content that has been pushed out next year does come in next year, and we have a vaccine over the next 60 days and people start to feel more comfortable about being able to go back to the theaters, I can see this rebounding fairly quickly. But the question remains there are so many ifs, right, when will the vaccine come out, when will the customers feel confident of coming back. And we have some data points to point to, we also believe that streaming is not going to be the preferred route for these high budget movies, just because the math doesn't play out. And so I think it really is directly tied to when the studios are going to release the content and the customers feel comfortable in being able to go back, and I think that's going to be a function of when we have a vaccine available. So, if those play out, I think very quickly thereafter, I can see these assets starting to go north of $1 million again.
Sumit Roy: So a lot of these assets we have basically constructed through sale leasebacks that we entered into with both Regal as well as with AMC. And these were assets that AMC and Regal used to own on their balance sheet. And so they tend to be the better performing assets anyway. And what we have continue to do is to invest, we invested with them when they change the format to accommodate the better seating and the stadium seating and the food and beverage, et cetera. And as part of that, we entered into percentage rent, participation with some of these operators. And so, I don't have the precise number in terms of how many of these assets are on percentage rent, but I do know that, as part of entering into a capital contribution to repurpose some of these assets, we did have percentage rental.
Sumit Roy: Yes, and that's why we continue to be positively surprised, Linda. So, unsolicited, we received some feedback on one of our theater assets where a developer shared with us that it could be positioned to a mixed-use multifamily side, it's very well located. Another one was identified as a potential last mile distribution center, because these tend to be 12, 13 acres parcels and so you could easily create 100,000 square foot last mile distribution center. Now, of course, you have to go through zoning, et cetera. But we feel that, because of where these assets are located, they can be repositioned and we will come out. Okay, it's just a matter of time and commitment and capital commitment. But unsolicited, the feedback we've received so far, because people are all tracking what's happening in the theatre business. We feel that we've come out okay, in the event that we need to position some of these assets.
Sumit Roy: Yes. Look, if they cease to exist, there is no doubt. They file Chapter 11. Chapter 11 filing in and of itself is not a triggering event. It's just like, what are they planning and doing? What's their path forward? But if it switches over into Chapter 7, then clearly, we're going to write off even the 41 assets that is not on cash accounting, right now, we immediately shift to cash accounting on that. So that's the quick answer on what you just suggested. And that is the reason why we are continuing to monitor AMC came out. I think it was yesterday, maybe we want to raise another $15 million through the ATM program. But this is about what's going to happen first, if they run out of liquidity, and they can't find alternative sources of capital. And this could become a very different kind of discussion. But the question that we keep asking ourselves is, how will the studios that have made the shift to producing these high budget films, they're making fewer films today and 60% of what they are making tends to be this high budget movies? How can they replicate the profitability model that they have through the theatrical distribution channel? We can't see that being replicated in PPOD [ph]. So time will tell, but yes, if situations change, and they do go down the path of filing, then we will have to revisit our analysis.
Sumit Roy: The product that we're pursuing there's plenty of product on the grocery side, there is plenty of product on the single tenant industrial side. So there are funds that are going full cycle, they recognize that there's a market for essential retail, those have continued to do well. So we don't see the product that we are actively pursuing, necessarily dry up, because of the Prime Minister shutting down UK again. And I think, I've made the comments already on the industries that are being shut down. We are not pursuing those in the UK. So that does not impact us. And so I think we'd be okay. And it's a similar story here in the U.S. Even in the midst of the previous lockdown, there was product, I think there was this small window where everything was - there was a slight pause in the market, but then very quickly thereafter the product velocity took off and we started getting really busy, getting inbounds and seeing transactions that we wanted to pursue. So I think it'll be similar. And the big difference between now and then is that operators are better prepared, which doesn't mean that they're not going to feel some pain, but they're just better prepared to handle it. Casual dining is better prepared. Daycare centers are better prepared in terms of the operators, certainly quick service restaurants are better prepared. So I think it's going to be different. And unless there's a mandate that none of these facilities will be allowed to remain open, which could happen, but which a small probability of happening, I think these businesses will be okay.
Sumit Roy: No, actually the 4Q numbers I think are - we are in the beginning of November, it's largely established at this point. So the question will really be if there is some hiccup in the market and sourcing dries up, which again, I want to reiterate, we don't see happening. But if it were to happen, it would probably impact some of first quarter 2021, second quarter 2021. Because you start to build up the portfolio today to close on assets in the first quarter of next year. And so far, so good.
Sumit Roy: So I'll tell you, it's very difficult to look at that particular market, when we are buying assets in that market and not match funded with the local currency. For us, it makes perfect sense. And then, obviously, even when we did our first sale leaseback that sort of got us into the UK with Sainsbury's, we try to match fund it with £300 odd million of local denominated British pounds. And even though we had to go down the 144 path to get there, the reason for doing that was essentially to match fund and not have to worry about trying to enter into cross currency hedges, et cetera, which we did on the remainder. But in doing so we left some economics on the table. And for us, we feel that the product that we are pursuing then has a profile that needs to be warranted with the cost of capital that we can raise there. And we would be a miss if we didn't take advantage of the fact that we have two A credit rating, and we can issue similar tenured paper at potentially 50 basis points, 60 basis points inside of what we can issue here in the U.S. And so our all-in cost was 1.7%. We have assets that have 10-year ship north of 10 years, in fact, on a portfolio basis, it's well north of that. And to be able to match fund it with £400 million at 1.71% all in costs, that just allows us to create more value for our shareholders. So that was the rationale.
Sumit Roy: Well, thank you everyone for joining us, and I look forward to seeing a lot of you at the upcoming NAREIT conference. Thank you very much. Bye-bye.
