Sumit Roy: The make up is going to be approximately 20% international, 80% domestic. And the spreads are going to be -- our hope is well north of our average spreads of 150 basis points, 160 basis points.
Sumit Roy: That's what we feel very comfortable sharing with the market. Obviously what happened last year is something that we expect to continue, but we feel very confident in being able to say that our range in the acquisition is going to be in the $2.25 billion to $2.75 billion. And we hope to do far better than our average spreads, which as I said was right around 150 basis points to 160 basis points. So yes, a certain level of conservatism.
Sumit Roy: Yes. So let's be a little bit clear on what we are defining as portfolios. The large portfolio transaction that we did last year was at $1.1 billion CIM transaction, $1.2 billion CIM transaction. That's the kind of transaction that hasn't been sort of built into our $2.25 billion to $2.75 billion number. Clearly we are in the market and are constantly doing portfolio sizes in the range of $100 million to $200 million, and those are very much part and parcel of what's included in our guidance. Look, we've shared with you what the sourcing numbers were for 2019. We haven't seen any let up in terms of what we are seeing. So far and so early in the year, we are very optimistic about the pipeline and we are very optimistic of meeting the guidelines that we have shared with the market. And at this point, there is nothing that we are seeing in the horizon that would lead us to believe that this is going to be a much slower year than what we saw last year.
Sumit Roy: There are some tenants that we are obviously looking at very closely. The good news here is we are so well diversified Christy that these are tenants that have very minimal, well below 1% exposure to. For instance, PO1 is one of our tenants that we are looking at, it's been on our credit watch list for a while. We have 12 assets with them, it's right around 10 basis points of rent. We did a sale leaseback with them in 1998 and it's actually been a great transaction for us. So we are almost indifferent as to what happens with them on 9 of the 12 properties we already getting inbound calls from large national tenants, that gives us very high level of confidence that we would be able to reposition this asset. A couple of other names that we are keeping a close eye on Crystal's is another one that we acquired through a large portfolio again basis points of rent and based on the four-wall coverage we feel our portfolio is very well positioned. And once again, but that's a corporate level credit that is in the news and one that we are looking at very closely. But in aggregate, we have obviously taken all of this into account in forecasting out our AFFO per share guidance. And so you can tell from the guidance that we have laid out Christy that fingers crossed this year will again be a very, very good year for us.
Sumit Roy: Actually what we are seeing is something very interesting Christy. I would argue that some of the higher yielding assets have compressed with regards to cap rates, and are moving closer to investment grade cap rates are in the market. So it hasn't been a movement in the investment grade market that is as pronounced as it is in the higher yielding markets. So, one must take into consideration, on a risk adjusted basis, where are you better off investing. And I think we've shared this with you in the past, Christy, credit is very much part of the analysis that we undertake. But we are not pursuing a particular credit profile. We are looking at it in totality and trying to come up with for the risk that one is assuming are the returns appropriate. That's how we look at all of our investments. And -- but the point I want to make is high yielding assets that used to have a high 7%, even an 8% cap rate now trading at a 6% cap rate and investment grade assets that were potentially in the high 5s are in the low 5s. So it's a far more pronounced compression that we are seeing in the higher yielding side of the equation, and it does give us pause, when we look at it from a risk adjusted basis as to whether we should continue to pursue all of those transactions.
Sumit Roy: Shivani for us it's business as usual. We are not changing any of our methods of sourcing or pursuing potential transactions that have a risk profile that is not justified by the cap rates, that's being ascribed or that's being asked. I mean, we have, we did 89% of our transactions in 2019 were relationship driven transactions. We are continuing to pursue those. We continue to reach out to clients of ours that have credit that we feel very comfortable with. These are assets that don't even get marketed, and we continue to build on the sale leaseback side of the equation. And absent CIM, 61% of what we did last year was sale leaseback. So I wouldn't say that in any way we have altered the way that we are pursuing acquisitions. What we have done on the international side of the equation is, obviously, we have continued to establish new relationships with again having done the homework around clients that we would like to pursue over the long-term. And that has to been a major push for Neil and for myself to continue to grow our international platform. And thankfully, we've made a fair amount of progress on that front.
Sumit Roy: Yes, sure. So there were basically two things that drove that. And then as you can see our 2020 guidance is right around 1% which is traditionally being what we have said. Not every lease that we have has an annual rent growth. Some have rent growth every three years, some have rent growth every five years, and it just so happened that a disproportionate number of leases had growth coming in 2019. For instance, if you look at the Dollar stores, 46% of all the assets that we own within that bucket had an increase in 2019, and most of those were either a three or a five year rental increase, and that accounted for about 34% of the disproportionate increase in the rent, the 1.6% that we were able to achieve. On the second note a smaller contribution to the increase was the timing of the percentage rent accruals and that too helped. But if you were to take those two out of the equation, we would be right around what we have guided the market to for 2020.
Sumit Roy: Rob, so as far as I know, our exposure to office has continued to dwindle over the last few years. It used to be north of 6% at one stage, today it's in the 3% zip code. And it's a product type that we have accumulated largely through large portfolio transactions. We haven't proactively gone out and bought some single-tenant net leased office asset. Having said that, the commentary I'm sharing with you is very much a US based commentary, but I suspect that it is going to be very similar even in the international market. So our view regarding office has not changed. It's asset type that we are very cautious about and we tend to be very, very selective when we even take a particular opportunity and do a deep dive into underwriting the opportunities.
Sumit Roy: We could issue in the mid to high 4s today on the preferred side. It's always something that we'll look at. But when you look at the indicative cost for us of 30-year unsecured paper, that's in the low 3% range today. That gap doesn't make a lot of sense for us.
Sumit Roy: We are very comfortable with the kind of tenants that we have exposure to that largely constitute our industry exposure. 7-Eleven, Couche-Tard, under the Circle K banner, those are names that we are very comfortable with. They are the best-in-class convenience store operators and we monitor their business. We have a very close relationship with them. And we are very comfortable there. What we are not comfortable with are, the smaller format kiosk type C-stores that heavily rely on fuel sale to drive profitability. And thankfully those are largely out of our portfolio. We do have some, but by and large, most of that 11% exposure is being driven by 7-Eleven and Circle K.
Sumit Roy: We went through how many, it was like north of 200 leases, and the fact that I'm sure those conversations in every -- not there in every tenant conversations, but I'm sure in some cases, those conversations had to have alluded to higher labor costs. But by and large, we are happy to report that our tenants are doing fairly well, and the fact that we were able to recapture 103% net of expiring rents leads one to believe that at least the kinds of tenants that we have exposure to are not insulated but are able to absorb the higher labor costs.
Sumit Roy: It's largely grocers, it's C-stores, it's movie theaters, it's discount retail, those are the buckets that they would fall in, as well as some industrial.
Sumit Roy: We saw the exact opposite. Our capex has largely been consistent over the last three years. And what has actually reduced was our property expenses. If you notice, we were forecasting to the market that it would be anywhere between 1.5% to 1.75%, and we ended up being at 1.4%. And the reason -- there were two reasons for that. One was that the property taxes that we were forecasting on our vacant assets was far more than what we actually realized, given that we were able to sell our vacant assets at very attractive or total returns. And obviously the top line grew well in advance of what we had forecasted. So those two factors resulted in the property expense margins coming in below 1.5%. We are not seeing our capex numbers changing based on the current climate. And I think it's largely due to the type of retail that we invest in. Its net lease, if it's working for the tenant, they are happy to invest the capex themselves, reposition the assets to continue to remain relevant and drive profitability out of the store. And that's why the net lease industry tends to be a very, very efficient industry. But again, it is absolutely a function of the clients that one chooses to create an exposure to. And if it's the wrong set of clients, I'd say Spencer that that could have a different effect, but on our portfolio we are not seeing it.
Sumit Roy: Yes, sure. And this is something we've talked about in the past as well Todd. If you think about it, at least -- lease the original lease tends to have a 15 year, 20 year or even 25 year sale leaseback. And then you have options built into these leases and those options tend to be five-year options. And this is all disclosed in our supplemental. If you look at our history of releasing and we've done north of 3,000 leases. 88% and it's been higher more recently. 80% to 90% of the existing tenants exercise these options. And so when you reset the lease term, it's right around the five year timeframe. It's only when we are going out and retenanting it with a new tenant or finding a new tenant even with zero vacancies that we have the opportunity to go beyond the five to something like a 10, and those have average in the six to seven years zip code. And so if we were to do no acquisitions, I think the normalized run rate for a net lease company, a very, very mature net lease company which is doing zero acquisitions or very little as a percentage of their overall portfolio. The normalized weighted average lease term is going to be right around six to seven years. And that's where the asset management and real estate operations team comes into play. And we have anticipated this and set the team up accordingly. And I think the results speak for themselves. On a quarterly basis, we share with you what the releasing spread is, and we share with you what's the capital invested was -- with regards to tenant incentives etc, and more often than not they tend to be zero. And we've been capturing north of 100% of the expiring rents. 103% this year. It was similar number last year and in this last quarter was 106%. So I believe that we have a team that in fact could be viewed as somebody that could create value, when these leases start to roll and we are able to maintain the kind of releasing activity that we have, being able to achieve over the last three to four years, that could become a growth driver for us. But clearly, new acquisitions, one should expect if it's a sale leaseback, it should be in that 15 to 20 years zip code and if it's acquired lease, it's going to have double-digit numbers. But as we become a bigger company and unless our acquisition numbers don't keep up on a pro rata basis, the weighted average lease term is going to continue to sort of get lower and should normalize right around seven years.
Sumit Roy: Sure. We are under an NDA, so I have to be very careful. But it was one of our clients who did a strategic review of their real estate operations and approached us to buy back some of the assets that they had leased to us or vice versa that we had leased to them. And it was a very attractive return. We had five years left on the portfolio. And we were able to transact with them and that closed, I believe, early part of last week, and it was to the tune of about $116 million. So if you subtract out the $116 million in dispositions, you're back up to a right around $108 million and that's around the levels of what we achieved in 2019.
Sumit Roy: Yes. This is the question that we've answered before, when we had announced the CIM transaction. This was a $1.2 billion transaction. We had said that $1 billion worth of the assets that we purchased were ones that we would buy in the open market, if they were available one-off. There's about $200 million worth of assets that we are going to asset manage more aggressively, and by that we had also bucketed that $200 million into some of them are going to be made available for immediate marketing and that's about 25% call it plus, minus. And the rest we would collect the rent for as long as the tenants continues to pay rent. And because of the location, because of the rent per square feet, we feel very good about being able to reposition those assets with potentially new tenants. And so that was the way that we underwrote the $200 million worth that would require more attention, if you will. And that hasn't changed. That's precisely the way we are thinking about the CIM portfolio.
Sumit Roy: Yes. Because, are you guaranteeing me that you are going to be able to -- we'll be able to sell those $50 million this year in 2020? We don't -- we didn't underwrite, thinking that we were going to be able to sell 25% of that portfolio that $200 million portfolio in 2020. So it is certainly a blend John. We would love to be able to achieve that. And if we are, we might come back and say to you later on in the year that our disposition numbers may be north of what we have gone out with. But there is certainly a level of flexibility that we've built into those disposition numbers.
Sumit Roy: Sure, Vikram. Thanks for your question. We have -- and I am not sharing anything new here. We have been very cautious about the casual dining concept. And more importantly, even if the concept is a good one, we have been very careful about exposing ourselves to small scale franchisees. And so, those factors continue to remain front and center any time we are looking at transactions. And largely what you see playing out in the restaurant space today is not unexpected, and so we are very well -- thankfully, we are very well positioned for the worst outcome in some of what you have just shared in terms of the names and others that we are monitoring. And in fact, our expected outcome on this very small exposure that we have is still going to be north of what we have underwritten in terms of our guidance is my belief. But our thinking has always been very cautious on the casual dining side. It has been more positive on the quick service restaurant side and even within the quick service restaurants there are other drivers such as [indiscernible] need to have a certain number of units, they need to have a certain number of scale that would give us comfort, even if the corporate concept is one that that we find very interesting. So those hurdles have not changed.
Sumit Roy: Look, our focus is still very much the UK, that's the geography that we decided to go into first for obvious reasons. We feel very comfortable with that. But we are starting to see some very interesting concepts coming out of Western Europe as well. And we are doing our diligence. Niel's making several trips across the pond to explore those opportunities. So I'm not going to keep those off the table, but in terms of the make up, I think you should expect 20% of the volume plus, minus to come from the international market. And I'd love to be surprised and that's a challenge for Neil. But the vast bulk of our acquisitions will still be US domiciled.
Sumit Roy: Yes. Collin, the way you started asking the question is precise. There is a lot of competition. There are many people chasing single-tenant industrial assets. And yes, we haven't been able to get any over the finish line in the last quarter. We've been close on a few occasions, but did not -- chose not to continue to pursue the aggressiveness on the cap rate side, but it is something, it's a product that we like. It is an exposure to a certain certain types of tenants that we would find as being very complementary to what we already have. It's just that we haven't been able to actively get a lot of transactions over the finish line yet.
Sumit Roy: Yes. It's very difficult to tell precisely where within those different buckets are we going to end up. Let's just look at historically what we have been able to achieve. The large part of the 18 transactions that we -- 18 properties that we acquired, 17 were in the grocer -- were grocery stores and they were the big four grocers in the UK and one happen to be a theater. And so the bulk of the transactions that we are seeing is with the big four. But there are some other transactions that we are starting to see that are very interesting. And I'm not in a position to share with you names of tenants, etc with whom we've -- we are making a lot of progress. That is something, as you can understand for competitive reasons. We'd like to get it over the finish line and then be in a position to talk about it more freely. But our conversations is broader than the grocery industry is what I can share with you.
Sumit Roy: Yes. So look, we have hired a search firm. We have created a profile and we are out in the market looking for the right individual to join the team, that's where we are with regards to the CFO search. The good news is Paul is very much here with us, acting as a Senior Advisor, and will continue to be with us through the end of March. The fact that we have a very strong team with Jonathan Pong and Sean driving our Capital Markets and Finance Departments and Sean driving our Accounting, we feel very comfortable that we don't have to be in a hurry to replace that particular role. We have a very strong team. Our focus is going to be in terms of finding the right person with the right cultural fit and can help be a partner to us in helping drive the next evolution of this company. And we are not going to take an expeditious route to get there. I mean we want to get this right. With regards to your second question or part of your question is around severance, it's just south of $2 million that is going to impact both the G&A as well as our FFO numbers. And yes, I think those were your questions.
Sumit Roy: Yes. So look, we already have a small office in London. We have one person who is driving the business there. We have outsourced a fair amount of the administrative work that is required, i.e., accounting, tax as well as legal, it is quite possible based on the analysis that we have done that in-sourcing some of these functions may make sense. If the growth in our portfolio continues or accelerates the in-sourcing is going to accelerate. So we are very comfortable with the controls that we have in place and the process that we have implemented and it's a structure that allows us to be incredibly flexible. What we have committed to is to higher one other person in the UK, but the number of people who eventually become part of Realty Income Limited will remain to be seen. And it's going to be partially driven by the size of the portfolio that we are able to create. And so having that flexibility, allows us to be much more nimble when it comes to the G&A load that is associated with the platform.
Sumit Roy: Look that's a whole lot of questions that you have sort of built into this one question. What I can tell you Haendel is, we went through a very deep dive, I'd say now about 16 months ago, 15 months ago, and we feel very comfortable that our size, scale, and cost of capital, first and foremost is very portable and is a massive advantage to us as we have started to show. We can do, very large scale sale leaseback and it does not create immediate tenant concentration issues for us. We can be the one-stop shop for existing tenants and have transactions come to us without it -- without then feeling the need to have to go and test the markets, and that's value to them, it's value to us. It allows us to pursue proprietary software that we are developing in-house, that is going to help us drive the lifecycle of Real Estate within our business. Those are things that comes because we have size and scale. And we believe that we have created enough adjacent verticals and/or are exploring enough verticals, where we will be able to provide a growth rate that is very comparable to all of our net lease peers. And the fact that we have the lower cost of capital, and the fact that we have scale, and the fact that we have size, those are all benefits that should ultimately accrue to us. So until that equation changes, I don't see us having to explore. You know what was it that you said spin-offs or high yielding or lower yielding asset base. I mean this is part of our underwriting and it's in fact, a strength of our underwriting, that allows us to pursue the full spectrum of credit tenants and opportunities and it's what helps us drive growth.
Sumit Roy: And we are constantly doing that, Michael. We are constantly looking at the portfolio. We are trying to figure out what is the best economic outcome. Despite the fact that the cap rates seem very aggressive, what do we feel we can sell a given asset at versus holding on to that asset, collecting the lease and selling it vacant at the end. That's an analysis that we are constantly doing. The advantage that we have is so many of our assets and I talked about the PO1 example, we did a sale leaseback on those 12 assets that we own in 1998. We can sell those assets for ground and come out with higher single digit unlevered IRRs. But the fact is their rent is current. We are going to collect the rent and when they -- if they decide that they want to hand over some of the assets back to us at that point, we could do the exact same thing that we can do it today, but we have a few more months of rent collected. So it really comes down to an economic argument. And I think what differentiates us is we are constantly doing that on the assets that we have identified as not long-term holds. And in some situations, we have decided the selling it today is absolutely the right economic outcome because the rent we're collecting perhaps is not enough to justify holding it till the rent starts coming in. And that's where that $100 million and in this year $200 million of disposition number comes in. I think if you add up everything we've done over the last six years, it's north of a $1 billion of assets that we have sold. And it's not to avoid the dilution. You're absolutely right. That is a third level, fourth level consideration, but it's not the driver of the decision making process. It is really the economic analysis that we undertake Michael.
Sumit Roy: Yes. Look, we continue to keep looking at it Michael. And who knows, maybe in a few years we'll come out and or not even a few years, maybe in 12 months will come out and say we may need to do more. But right now we feel fairly comfortable that I think we've -- based on the analysis that we've done. We are comfortable with the $200 million of dispositions.
Sumit Roy: We've always been open to M&A, Michael. It's -- the question that we have wrestled with and the reason why we haven't been able to move forward has always been, do we have a seller out there that's willing to essentially sell their -- sell themselves. And if that situation were to occur, we would absolutely engage in a conversation. The question is, you look around the net lease space today and you see all of the net lease companies are trading at very high multiples. All of them seem to have a process identified to continue to grow their business. Within that environment, do you see someone raising their hand and saying, look, we would like to engage. If that happens, we are not going to shy away from engaging in that conversation and pursuing M&A.
Sumit Roy: Thank you all for joining us today, and we look forward to seeing everyone at the upcoming conference. Thank you, Kenzie.
