John Case: Thanks, Janeen and welcome to our call today. We are pleased to report another solid quarter with AFFO per share growth of approximately 7%. During the quarter, we completed $265 million of high quality acquisitions, while strengthening our balance sheet raising $444 million in common equity. We ended the quarter with a fixed charge coverage ratio of 4.7 times, which is the highest it’s been in our company’s history. Given our active investment pipeline, we continued to expect to acquire approximately $1.5 billion in acquisitions this year. We are also reiterating our 2017 AFFO per share guidance of $3.03 to $3.07, which represents annual growth of 5.2% to 6.6%. Now, let me hand it over to Paul to provide additional detail on our financial results.
John Case: Thanks, Paul. I will begin with an overview of the portfolio, which continues to perform well. Occupancy based on the number of properties was 98.3% unchanged versus the year ago period. We continue to expect occupancy to be at or above 98% in 2017. During the quarter, we re-leased 79 properties recapturing approximately 104% of the expiring rent, which is notably above our long-term average. This was our fifth consecutive quarter of leasing recapture rates above 100%. Year-to-date, we re-leased 181 properties, recapturing approximately 107% of expiring rent. Since our listing in 1994, we have re-leased or sold over 2,500 properties, with leases expiring, recapturing over 99% of rent on those properties that will re-lease. Our recapture rates reflect net effective rents as we seldom incur tenant improvements and leasing commissions. This compares favorably to those companies in our sector who also report this metric. Our same-store rent increased 1% during the quarter and for the year-to-date period, which is consistent with our projected run-rate for 2017. Our portfolio continues to be diversified by tenant, industry, geography and to a certain extent property type, which contributes to the stability of our cash flow. At the end of the quarter, our properties were leased to 251 commercial tenants in 47 different industries located in 49 states in Puerto Rico. 80% of our rental revenue is from our traditional retail properties. The largest component outside of retail is industrial at about 13% of rental revenue. Walgreens remains our largest tenant at 6.6% of rental revenue and drugstores remain our largest industry at 10.8% of rental revenue. We remain confident in the drugstore industry and speaking in 2010, the number of mail order prescriptions has declined each year and that has coincided with Walgreens positive pharmacy same-store sales growth for 18 consecutive quarters within our retail portfolio over 90% of our rent comes from tenants with a service, nondiscretionary and/or low price point component to their business. We believe these characteristics allow our tenants to compete more effectively with e-commerce and operate in a variety of economic environments. These factors have been particularly relevant in today’s retail climate, where the vast majority of U.S. retailer bankruptcies this year have been in industries that do not have these characteristics. We continue to have excellent credit quality in the portfolio, with 46% of our annualized rental revenue generated from investment grade rated tenants. Store level performance of our retail tenants also remained sound, both the median and weighted average rent coverage ratio for our retail properties, 2.7 times on a four-walled basis. Our watch list remains in the low 1% range as a percentage of rent, which is consistent with our levels of the last few years. Moving on to acquisitions, we completed $265 million of acquisitions during the quarter at near record investment spreads. We continue to see a steady flow of opportunities that meet our investment parameters. During the quarter, we sourced $6.7 billion in acquisition opportunities bringing us to $24.3 billion sourced year-to-date. We remain selective in our investment strategy, acquiring less than 4% of the amount we have sourced. Our low cost of capital allows us to acquire the highest quality properties that provide favorable long-term returns, while also creating meaningful near-term earnings growth. Given the continued strength in our investment pipeline, we are reiterating our 2017 acquisitions guidance of approximately $1.5 billion. Now, I will hand it over to Sumit to discuss our acquisitions.
John Case: RJ, that’s good question. In the third quarter, we had an opportunity under favorable market conditions to match fund acquisitions and debt maturities. We were also able to save the shareholders about $17 million relative to what we would have had to pay in order to do an overnight offering. So, it worked out particularly well. Going forward, we will consider all forms of equity raising, so whether it be a regular way overnight offering, a marketed offering or additional ATM issuance activity. This was a heavy quarter for us on the ATM. We had, I’d say, half of it was raised through regularly trading and about half of it was raised through reverse inquiry from high-quality institutional investors. So, we were pleased with the pricing. For the quarter, it was about $58 on a gross basis and it worked out well for us, but we will continue to look at all equity raising alternatives in the future.
John Case: Right. So, the equity performance is a bit divorced from the performance of our theaters. So, we are aware that the AMC stock has not traded well recently, but our properties and our theaters are performing quite well. We like the experiential nature of the theater business, and in particular, AMCs. It continues to be a low cost form of entertainment. As you know, the theaters have continued to upgrade their offerings with more comfortable seating and better technology and the full-service, higher quality food and beverage offerings. And as a result, they are seeing a rise in revenue. 2016 was a record year at the box office for the theater industry. So, it’s tough comp year. Year-to-date, we are off about 5% from where we were at this time last year in terms of box office, but most industry experts believe we are going to see a strong fourth quarter as a number of big blockbusters such as Star Wars are released during the holiday. So, they expect the underperformance this year to turn a little bit and become a bit more favorable, but we are very happy with our theaters. The vast majority of our AMCs have been retrofitted with better seating, better technology and again, food and beverage offerings. So, where that’s been done we have seen a 64% increase in revenues versus the pre-reconfiguration revenues for those AMCs. So it really comes down to picking the right properties having strong underwriting structures and we are pleased with that.
John Case: Well, got it. So we have seen on our theaters the rent coverage ratios actually improving and we underwrote these particular theaters that we acquired in the third quarter based on the strong cash flow coverages high-quality of real estate and the fact that they had been renovated. So, they were performing quite well with regard to the premium video-on-demand. There has been discussion in the sector to take it from potentially 90 days which is where it is today down to 45 days for release time. 95% of ticket sales are in the first 40 days after a movies theatrical release. So we don’t think there’ll be a major impact on our theater business from the PVOD discussions that are taking place in addition theaters and studios are negotiating a revenue sharing arrangement with regard to that PVOD business. So that theater should be able to generate some incremental cash flow from that standpoint. So the as you know that the theaters typically have given their higher drop to breakeven higher drop in sales to breakeven they have lower coverage ratios. So something in the low 2s verses in our portfolio average or median which is at 2.8x, because they have more ability to control variable cost. So the coverages once again can be a bit lower.
John Case: It does contribute to the credit worthiness of the tenant, because it is a source of additional revenues.
John Case: Yes, I mean that’s not been our experience in what we have seen. We have seen improving operating metrics on our portfolio theaters and we are comfortable with their performance. So, the fact that 95% of the ticket sales are in the first 45 days after release, we just don’t think it’s going to have a material impact on our portfolio of theaters.
John Case: Sure. So, we have our dispositions guidance from the $125 million to $175 million for the quarter and that’s notably above where we were earlier in the year and these are assets that we are selling that are non-strategic typically. We are taking the proceeds and redeploying them into investments that better fit our investment parameters. What’s driving the increase this year or a couple of office sales that we expect to occur before year end as you know office is not a core product for us. We have acquired some office over the years in larger portfolio transactions and we look to reduce our office exposure. It is non-strategic and it has come down a bit, but we expect it to come down more with these office sales. So, again primarily a couple of office buildings that we plan to sell by year end are driving the upward adjustment and the disposition guidance.
John Case: Yes. We like the industrial business. It’s primarily distribution close to 70% of it is related to e-commerce activities on what’s happened it’s a business we would like to grow. What’s happened is that that it’s become incredibly competitive and pricey. So, we haven’t aggressively grown that business this year given just the lofty pricing. We kind of stepped back from being more aggressive on that front. It’s not a business we want to sell and liquidate long-term. We like the prospects and we like the investments that we are in. So, we will continue to look and review at acquisition opportunities in that sector and we hope to find some where the risk-adjusted reward, risk-adjusted returns are a bit more favorable than what we have seen in this frothy industrial market here over the last 6 to 9 months.
John Case: Sure. On Gander, first of all, Gander represented less than 0.5% of our overall rents. So, it was not a very material issue for us. That being said, we had 9 locations, of which Camping World was interested in the vast majority of those locations. However, they were seeking rent reductions that didn’t make sense for us given the quality of the real estate. So, 8 of the 9 locations we are marketing to national retailers at what we believe will be more favorable rates from quite strong tenants than what was being offered by Camping World. So, it’s a conscious decision for us to take these assets and go to market with them and we think we will have a better outcome in terms of recovering our pre-bankruptcy rent. Historically, the company has recovered 82% of the pre-bankruptcy rent on the bankruptcies we have been involved in. We think we will do that well or better with regard to the Gander portfolio.
John Case: Yes. Well in this quarter in this quarter, we had the shoe industry which we have a very minor position in, but that contributed to put negative pressure on the same-store rent growth. Going forward, I think it will continue to move around a bit, but we do feel good about health and fitness and C-stores continuing to help drive positive same-store rent growth.
John Case: Yes. Of course it’s something we have been considering and discussing and analyzing for quite sometime now. First of all, we are invested in the three most significant players in the pharmacy market with Walgreens, CVS and then Rite-Aid. We have high quality real estate. We have got companies that are affiliated with pharmacy benefit managers, which drive high market shares. So, there are barriers to entry here. They have well-developed retail and distribution that helps give them a competitive advantage and creates barriers to entry. One thing we have looked at it since 2010 we have looked at how mail order pharmacies have performed relative to brick-and-mortar pharmacies. And since 2010, the prescriptions dispensed through mail order pharmacies have declined by 20% and most of that has been picked up by the Walgreens and CVS’ of the world. In addition, the regulation in the drugstore industry will make it difficult we believe for Amazon to penetrate easily this sector. So, if you look at – if you look at the customers or pharmacies you will see that many of them are on short-term – shorter term prescriptions and of the baby boom generation maybe the older generation and they like to have the face-to-face consultation with the pharmacist. So, often, they prefer picking their prescriptions up in person and having a discussion with the expert on side effects or other issues related to their drugs. So, that’s something that I think bodes well for the brick-and-mortar business. And Walgreens as all of this is played out and you are probably aware of this, Walgreens’ U.S. pharmacy same-store sales growth has been positive for the last 18 consecutive quarters. So they are doing quite well.
John Case: Yes. Well, we continue to experience levels on the watch list in the low 1% area. The portfolio is performing well. I think that’s evidenced by re-leasing spreads by our continued high occupancy. Our portfolio has performed well with regard to the impact of e-commerce. Our properties have – on the retail side over 90% having service nondiscretionary and/or low price point component. Of the 22 retail bankruptcies this year, 19 have not had any of those characteristics. So, our type of real estate so far has proven to be pretty resilient to what is recognized as the most significant potential disruptor and that is e-commerce. So, we do not – portfolio is performing well and we really don’t need to shift into a more defensive posture right now.
John Case: Yes. So, we don’t – we have been in dialogue with Walgreens, but of the 1900 they will be purchasing 1900 Rite Aids and that should close in the spring of 2018. We have 15 Rite Aid stores within a 2-mile radius of a Walgreen store and what Walgreens has indicated is the majority of their store closings are going to be former Rite Aids. Our Rite Aids that are within that 2-mile radius of Walgreens have an average lease term remaining of 9 years and Walgreens even if they close those stores will be responsible for lease payments for 9 more years on those stores. So, I don’t think it will have a material impact on us and based on our preliminary discussions we are not hearing that it will.
John Case: They did not. There is no material impact, tragic event. Our hearts go out to the people who were affected out there and we wish them the very best in the recovery efforts. And I would also say that about Irma, Harvey and Maria as well, but on the real estate front, we did not have any material impact to our portfolio from any of those unfortunate events.
John Case: Yes we have a high degree of confidence in our asset management team did a thorough analysis of what was being proposed by Gander versus what we were hearing talking to other national leading retail tenants so we think that come out better that’s why we made the decision we think our retention rate in terms of rent is going to be as I said equal or higher than our historical rate of 82% now this will play out over a couple quarters a couple these properties are much closer to being inked up than others but we have five that we think are going to happen pretty quickly and the remainder I will take a little bit more time but even when you factor in the time value aspect of that analysis you were better off you went camping world was proposing so it’s the right economic decision for the company and for the shareholders.
John Case: Yes, I mean I think we’ll continue to see this trend 4, 5 years ago we started more actively managing the portfolio to optimize its overall performance. So what we get you don’t want to do is keep on the books nonstrategic assets that are potentially creating a drag for the company are creating a drag when we can take that capital and reinvested into properties that are higher quality and meet our investment parameters that being said on these vacant asset sales we’re generating unlevered IRRs of roughly 10% or so. So these have been profitable investment is just that there they become a bit obsolete in some cases or maybe the real estate markets surrounding these assets have changed maybe that that the most logical uses for the market don’t make sense anymore. So I would expect us to continue to sell that what I would say vacant the other vacant assets that are and no longer strategic to our investment philosophy.
John Case: So the portfolio we purchased yes it was fully amenitize had strong rent coverages. The vast majority of our AMCs had been retrofitted and are there new version and therefore have experience that uptick and overall revenues per theater. So these we believe, we see plenty of theaters and these are of the of the highest quality there in the top quartile of performance for all of AMCs portfolio.
John Case: Yes, the spreads were in the third quarter about 260 basis points, which is at the high-end of our range year-to-date we’re running that about 05 to 10, so it was primarily a result of having higher yields. In the third quarter on the acquisitions and we had a favorable [indiscernible] cost of while cost of capital during the quarter as well, so it’s a combination – it’s a combination of the 2. So the theater transaction, which represented a large component of what we did in the third quarter you had a higher cap rate which help drive the overall higher cap rate for the third quarter.
John Case: We are comfortable with our drugstore exposure we are at 10.8% of rental revenues for drug stores so we as we say we don’t want any single industry being much more than the low single double digits in terms of what it represents as a percent of our overall rental revenue and then Walgreens our largest drugstore tenant is 6.6% of rental revenues and we are comfortable with that exposure that being said we are not looking to yet we want to remain diversified that created a lot of stability and cunning de-risk our portfolio for the company so we are not looking to materially add to your overall drugstore exposure nor the Walgreens exposure we are comfortable with where we are.
John Case: We don’t know precisely in our preliminary discussions it looks like the range could be anywhere from about 10 to 30 stores but that’s preliminary and that could change one thing we like is that Rite Aid is going to use the proceeds from the sale nearly $5 billion including the termination fee from the original merger to improve its balance sheet Rite Aid is going to take its debt EBITDA from 7.5x down approximately 4.5x and they are also going to have access to Walgreens purchasing network and Rite Aid it will be more focused on the West Coast as they saw more of what they sell to Walgreens that’s going to be along the Eastern Seaboard which will allow Walgreens to fully develop its footprint there. So I think it’s a win-win, Walgreens comes out with significant synergies they’re expecting have maybe up to 400 million in synergies from this transaction in the first 3 to 4 years and they have a bigger footprint and they’re more efficient company and then Rite Aid is still the third largest player more focused out west with a much better balance sheet. So we’re pleased with the outcome of this asset sale even though they couldn’t get the full merger approved by the FTC.
John Case: Yes, we don’t talk about, we don’t talk about tenants outside our top 20 but Fred’s is now, we don’t have…
John Case: Thanks, Don and we appreciate everyone for joining us today. And we look forward to seeing everyone at NAREIT in a few weeks. Take care. Have a good afternoon.
Paul Meurer: Thanks, John. I will provide some highlights for a few items in our financial results for the quarter starting with the income statement. Interest expense increased in the quarter by $10 million to $63 million. This increase was primarily due to a higher outstanding debt balance in the third quarter, following our March issuance of $700 million of long-term unsecured bonds as well as a smaller gain on our interest rate swaps recognized this quarter as compared to that quarter last year. Our G&A as a percentage of total rental and other revenues was 4.7% for the quarter and 5% year-to-date, which is in line with our full year projection. We continue to have the lowest G&A ratio in the net lease REIT sector. Our non-reimbursable property expenses as a percentage of total rental and other revenues are 1.8% in the quarter and our guidance remains 1.5% to 2% for all of 2017. Funds from operations, or FFO per share, was $0.77 for the quarter versus $0.73 a year ago. Our 2017 FFO guidance remains $2.96 to $3.01 per share. As a reminder, our reported FFO follows the NAREIT defined FFO definition, which includes various non-cash items such as quarterly interest rate swaps, gains or losses, amortization of lease intangibles and the $0.05 charge we incurred in connection with the redemption for our Series F preferred stock back in April. This $0.05 preferred stock redemption charge is the primary difference in our FFO and AFFO guidance. Adjusted funds from operations, or AFFO or the actual cash we have available for distribution as dividends, was $0.77 per share for the quarter, representing a 6.9% increase over the year ago period. Briefly turning to the balance sheet, we have continued to maintain our conservative capital structure. During the quarter, we raised $444 million in equity primarily through our ATM program. Our senior unsecured bonds have a weighted average remaining maturity of 7.9 years and our fixed charge coverage ratio is 4.7 times. Other than our credit facility, the only variable rate debt exposure we have on just $23 million of mortgage debt. And our overall debt maturity schedule remains in very good shape, with only $1.3 million of debt coming due, the remainder of this year and our maturity schedule is well laddered thereafter. Finally, our overall leverage remains modest with our debt to EBITDA ratio standing at 5.2 times. In summary, we continue to have low leverage, excellent liquidity and continued access to attractively priced equity and debt capital. Now, let me turn the call back over to John who will give you more background on these results.
Paul Meurer: While in general our philosophy remains the same which is generally speaking longer-term unsecured bonds as part of a liability structure but ultimately we look at our debt maturity schedule over time and when there’s holes there we do take advantage of those we think a laddered maturities schedule is prudent relative to how we lay out our maturities and point out there’s a couple gaps out there one of which is obviously 2025 which would speak to the potential for seven-year bonds and then certainly everything is available kind of thereafter overall we look at the maturity schedule and think about what in each of those buckets how much and as such you know you could see us do anything you know from 5 years to 7 years to 10 years to 12 to 20 to 30 were constantly looking at what all the alternatives are and always want to keep our options open as it relates to that you will see us lean towards the unsecured market you know and dealing with institutional bond investors and we got a lot of interest from bond investors at a really all maturities across the curve.
Paul Meurer: Well the rating agencies are conducting their own analysis and they are not previewing any of that with us we think we posted it another strong quarter here operationally is currently the balance sheet is in excellent shape so you will see what they come back with.
