Christie Kelly: Thank you, Sumit, and I'm honored to have joined Realty Income as CFO.. Having joined the Board in 2019, I have experienced firsthand the talent of our Realty Income team, together with the exciting growth opportunities for our business.  I'm looking forward to working together with our teams to deliver our strategic objectives and realization of dreams and aspirations for all at Realty Income with Sumit and our Board of Directors. I also look forward to engaging with our investment community over time. We are grateful for the support of all of our loyal shareholders who have invested in Realty Income for over 26 years as a public company and for our future.  I would now like to provide a general overview of our recent financial results, starting with the balance sheet. We have continued to maintain our conservative capital structure and remain one of only a handful of REITs with at least 2 A ratings. During the quarter, we completed our debut public offering of Sterling denominated senior unsecured totes, issuing GBP 400 million due 2030 for an effective annual yield to maturity of 1.71%.  We also issued 725 million of senior unsecured notes in December through a dual tranche offering of 5-year and 12-year notes. Achieving record low U.S. dollar coupon rates in the REIT sector for each of those tenors. Additionally, we raised approximately $655 million of equity during the quarter, primarily through our ATM program. And in January 2021, we raised approximately $670 million through an overnight equity offering, which we earmarked to prefund an active investment pipeline to start the year.  We ended the year with low leverage and strong coverage metrics with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 5.3x or 5.2x on a pro forma basis, adjusting for the annualized impact of acquisitions and dispositions during the quarter. And our fixed charge coverage ratio remained strong at 5.1x. We ended the year with full availability under our $3 billion multicurrency revolving credit facility. No borrowings outstanding on our $1 billion commercial paper program and over $824 million of cash on hand.  In January, we completed the early redemption of all $950 million, 3.25 notes due 2022, which was done to reduce our near-term refinancing risk and take advantage of attractive borrowing rates in the fixed income market. Looking forward, our overall debt maturity schedule remains in excellent shape with only $44 million of debt maturities through year-end 2021, excluding commercial paper borrowings.  Now moving on to our income statement. AFFO per share during the quarter was $0.84 and $3.39 per the year on a fully diluted basis, representing annual growth of 2.1%. For 2020, our AFFO per share was negatively impacted by non-straight-line rent reserves of $44.1 million, which represents approximately $0.13 per share of dilution, over half of which is attributed to the theater industry.  Now moving on to guidance. As we introduced our initial 2021 earnings estimate, we acknowledge that while some uncertainty related to the theater industry remains together with the backdrop of the pandemic, our confidence in providing guidance is supported by the overall health and stability of our portfolio combined with the acquisition pipeline.  To that end, our 2021 AFFO per share guidance of $3.44 to $3.49, represents approximately 1.5% to 3% growth over 2020. Moving on to dividends. In December, we increased the dividend for the 109th time in our company's history. We have increased our dividend every year since the company's listing in 1994, growing the dividend at a compound average annual rate of approximately 4.4%. And we are proud to be 1 of only 3 REITs in the S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrat index for having increased our dividend every year for the last 25 consecutive years.  And now I'd like to hand our call back over to Sumit.
Christie Kelly: I think, Vikram, that in terms of where we're going to see AFFO growth, I think you can expect that to be a bit similar to historical norms outside of probably the second quarter of last year where we pulled back on acquisitions a bit. But nothing out of the ordinary.
Christie Kelly: Thank you, Sumit. And Greg, thanks so much for the question. But I absolutely echo everything that Sumit has said. We spent, as you can imagine in the backdrop of 2020, a good bit of time really thinking about the guidance and being very thoughtful about how we went out in terms of our range of AFFO per share.  And as Sumit said, there are a number of levers that we have to the upside in terms of sale-leaseback transactions, a bit more on the acquisition side and also really looking at primarily the theater industry.  And so there is positive momentum. And in light of that, we do feel, as Sumit said, very good about where we are right now and the momentum that we have in the business.
Christie Kelly: It is, Caitlin. And I think that you can expect modest increases as we continue to expand our U.K. presence.
Christie Kelly: Sounds good, Caitlin. I think, first of all, what I can say is that as it relates to the deferrals that we've been taking. Essentially, when we look at the overall deferrals, we're really looking at a short-term payback and within 18 months. And as it relates to collections and the like, we are experiencing collections even before the deferrals are coming due. So we've been having some positive traction on that. All that being said, we've got 2021 in front of us.
Christie Kelly: Yes, yes. And we go through, Caitlin, you may already know this, but a very rigorous review on our receivables positioning and it's cross functional. It involves finance, it involves legal, our asset management group and research. And so in terms of the actions that we've taken, we feel very solid about the reserve position. And as we look forward, our collections have been consistent and steady. Where we are right now in the fourth quarter, we've got close to 94% of collections. And really, when you take a look at the uncollected rent in our company, it's really a story about theaters. 80% of the uncollected rent is focused on the theater business, which is 5.6%, as you know, of our contractual rent base. And the remaining of the story is really around health and fitness, which is primarily the remaining 16% of uncollected rent. And we did incur some collections on the health and fitness business. As Sumit said and we've talked about, we still have theaters in front of us. But there've been really positive momentum, and we view that potentially could be an upside for our business going forward.
Christie Kelly: We have -- when we take a look, Wes, at our overall collections. I think I had mentioned this before that our collections are stable at 94%. 80% around collected rent is really as a result of the theater industry. And the remaining is really in regard to the health and fitness.
Christie Kelly: Wes, I wanted to circle back on your question. Because I had the theater numbers in my mind. But you were asking about cash accounting. And I just wanted to let you know that right now, we have almost 50 clients on a cash basis. And just to give you some color, it's a little over $5.5 million of monthly rent exposure, for which over half of that is associated with the theater industry. Let me know if that helps.
Christie Kelly: But in terms of overall thoughts, Michael, you've known me for a long time. And I think that you really -- and obviously understand the triple-net lease business. Now really being competitive and leveraging our scale and thoughtfulness on the capital markets side is really, I think, what you seen from us historically, what you saw from us at the beginning of the year and what you can expect from us going into the future.  As Sumit mentioned, we're excited about what we're seeing in the U.K. in terms of the debt markets and what we can execute at. And should something come to fruition on the continent. We have a lot -- we have some very favorable aspects, we believe, on the continent from a debt perspective as well. And when we take a look at capitalization, I mean, you can expect us to protect our balance sheet and really be focused on that net debt-to-EBITDA of 5.5% -- 5.5x, as we mentioned, and really going forward in that regard. And sitting back, you mentioned some of those other businesses. I mean, as you know, Realty Income is just a fantastic business with a great team, and I'm really excited about joining the team.  We have a long runway ahead of us, great growth potential. And as Sumit's been mentioning some really exciting things to continue to add value to our clients.
Sumit Roy: Those are great questions, Vikram. And thank you. So at the end of the third quarter, we were right at 98.6%. And the question was asked, where do you think you're going to end the year up? And we had said that it was going to be right around 98%. And the fact that we came at 97.9% was fairly accurate. And what we saw coming was the NPC bankruptcy filing. As you might recall, we have approximately 150 assets with NPC, most of which happens to be the Pizza Hut. And then we have 19 assets that are Wendy's that's also run by NPC.  We were expecting 66 assets to be rejected through the bankruptcy process. And that was the reason why we had guided the market to a 98 -- approximately a 98% occupancy number. We were -- and those 66 assets did come back to us during the fourth quarter, which is the largest driver of this 97.9%. You will see that the net increase in vacant assets from third quarter to fourth quarter was circa 45 assets. So despite the fact that we got 66 assets back, we were able to resolve a lot more assets than we had originally thought because these assets are very well located, Vikram, and we were able to attract either QSRs that wanted to take some of these assets. And we feel very good about being able to resolve these assets fairly quickly.  The other point I'll make is most of these Pizza Huts with NPC had less than 2 years remaining on their lease term. And so our asset management team had already begun the process of trying to figure out alternatives. Knowing fully well that these were the assets that would come back, even if it were to have not filed bankruptcy.  So we feel pretty good about being able to resolve these assets. And as you can see from the resolution, we have the most number of resolutions in the fourth quarter. This was a record quarter for us. And so it's a testament to the team that we have in place, Ben and TJ, who drive that particular process for us, continue to do an absolutely amazing job despite the backdrop of the pandemic. And we are very hopeful that we will climb right back up above 98%.  Look, we have frictional vacancy, and we've always suggested that to the group that because we want to have the ability to reposition some of these assets, we are always going to be in this 98% -- circa 98% occupancy rate because we do want to reposition some of these assets, which does take us time, and that will continue to be what we target going forward.
Sumit Roy: Yes. Good question, Haendel. As you pointed out, the lower cap rate was largely driven by the mix of assets that we purchased here in the U.S. If you look at the prepared remarks, I suggested that 29% of what we purchased here in the U.S. were industrial assets, single-tenant industrial assets. These were very well placed assets with clients that who are executing on their omnichannel strategy had lease terms that were north of 10 years, some 15-year leases, good growth in markets that we wanted to enhance our exposure and with rents that were right around market rents. And so as you know, the industrial assets tend to be trading a lot more aggressively. And as such, that certainly had a bit of a downdraft on our cap rate, but the fact that we were able to do 5.2% for the U.S. assets was largely driven by that.
Sumit Roy: Sure. Again, good questions, Haendel. Look, we came out in early January with what our pipeline looked for the first quarter. And you might recall we had about $800 million -- slightly above $800 million that we had disclosed to the market at that time that we had in our pipeline, and we were 12 days into the year. So I don't think it should have come as a surprise that we had an incredibly healthy pipeline developed coming out of the fourth quarter. And if you look at what we were able to achieve in the fourth quarter of $1 billion, we had a tremendous amount of momentum that sort of carried forward into the first quarter and that has continued. It is also a testament to the amount of sourcing that we are able to do, the new swim lanes that we have created for ourselves to continue to grow the portfolio. And I think it's a testament to the strategy that we put in place a couple of years ago to be able to now post numbers that seem very large relative to what we have come out with in years past. But that's precisely the path that we wanted to go down.  You mentioned what is the expected cap rates? I think you should expected cap rates to be similar to what we achieved in 2020. And given the mix of portfolio, the optimal portfolio allocation that we have sort of highlighted to the market, it's really going to be a function of which particular portfolio or assets closed within a quarter as to whether the cap rates are going to come out.  If it's going to have a slightly more industrial plan to it, it's going to be lower cap rates. If it's going to be more retail, it's going to have a slightly higher cap rate. Having said that, even retail, especially though those types of retail that are deemed essential, portfolios are now trading in the mid-4s. And so the pricing environment has gotten a lot more aggressive. But thankfully, we have the cost of capital, and we were still able to generate 160 basis points of spread for the entire year, which is north of our historical spread. So we feel very good about the quality of assets we are buying and how we are reshaping our portfolio along the lines of what we had shared with the market in the third quarter, et cetera.  So really, the cap rate is going to be a function of the composition of assets that we drive within a given quarter.  The last question you had talked about was 1031. And what is the impact or our ability to issue OP units. Well, it's not new for us. We have done this in the past. We've bought assets from retail shareholders who wanted to buy -- wanted to take OP units as consideration for proceeds, and we were able to satisfy that. So could I see that momentum picking up potentially to defer having to pay taxes?  Absolutely. And we are very well equipped to take advantage of that. And use our equity as currency to provide that to potential sellers.  But having said all of that, 1031 is not a big part of our business, even on the disposition side. As you can see, most of the assets that we sell tend to be vacant assets, and that doesn't lend itself to the 1031 market. It's primarily developers or tenants who want to own their own assets that tend to play in that particular area. And on the occupied side, a lot of the transactions we did in 2020 were existing tenants exercising their option to purchase. And that's the reason why we were able to generate very good proceeds and very good overall returns. And the opportunistic sales tend to be an area where perhaps we run into some 1031 buyers. But that, I would say, is about 25% of the sellers that we interact with.  So for us, I think the -- on the disposition side is going to be fairly muted. On the acquisition side, I think not having 1031 be as aggressive, especially on the smaller boxes like QSRs and drug stores, et cetera. We could see cap rates increase because of the lack of 1031 buyers. And so that could potentially accrue to our benefit, especially when we are engaging in these one-off asset acquisitions.
Sumit Roy: I know the question was geared towards Christie and Christie, please jump in. But why don't I take that a little bit? And then I'll hand it off to Christie, if that's okay, Greg.  For us, we wanted to make sure that we came out with a range that represented the facts on the ground today. And we wanted to make sure that the range was conservative enough where even if the situation were not to improve, and it was to be, as we have experienced early on in the year in January and December of last year that this is the range that we feel very comfortable with.  What I'm suggesting is that there could be a fair amount of upside to the range that we have shared. And it's largely a function of what's going to happen to the theater industry at large, but also, to a smaller extent, to the health and fitness industry. And there, we feel very confident that the theater business is going to improve, especially with the vaccination having taken hold and every day, we see more news about Pfizer and Moderna and now potentially J&J being on the approved list, that the acceleration of getting to a point where we have herd immunity is very realistic.  And I've seen base case models that suggest that as early as end of June, we could get close to having herd immunity. The other data point that I would point to, Greg, is what we have seen in China. And over the Chinese -- the Lunar New Year, we can -- they had record ticket sales. And in fact, one of the movies that was shown had almost $50 million more in sales than the record that had been set by Avengers: Endgame here in the U.S. and in Canada, and their opening we can't. And so all of these facts sort of lead us to believe that there is a possibility that there is a fair amount of upside on the assumptions that we have shown in our model. And that could that could help get us to the top end of the range. And if a lot of other things fall into place, potentially, we could do even better.  But we can't go out with that expectation. When you lay out all the various different scenarios. You come up with what's the probability weighted outcome. And that's what we have shared with the market. But there are things that could play in our favor, and it really is a function of how you think about the theater industry and what you think the recovery is going to look like. And we've shared with you at nauseam some of the assumptions that we have drawn in terms of taking 37 of our 77 assets and viewing it on a cash accounting basis and how that percolates through the base model. If your view shifts, to say, that's perhaps a bit too conservative then there is good upside. And that's what we are super excited about.  There are certainly other levers for us to play, like you correctly pointed out, the acquisition market is something we are super excited about. And part of it is intentional and part of it is a function of more and more operators and clients that we want to do business with, wanting to engage in sale-leaseback transactions. And so that too could act as a potential tailwind. And look, we've come out with numbers. You've seen our history about the early estimates that we come out with and what we are able to achieve during the year. But not saying that -- but there too, there could be some tailwinds. So there's acquisition fronts. There are assumptions that we have made about the theater business and the health and fitness business. There are assumptions we've made about how quickly we could get to a point where things are starting to normalize, et cetera.  And all of those have room and capacity for potentially surprising on the upside. So we feel pretty good. And I'll hand it back to Christie, if there's anything else you would like to add.
Sumit Roy: Sure. So I would say about 20%. It's probably a little bit bigger than that. Of our leases have CPI adjustments. And -- but a lot of these have a floor in the ceiling associated with them. So yes, a rising CPI environment, we have some level of protection, but there does tend to be -- especially here in the U.S., there tends to be a floor in the ceiling associated with it.  For us, the -- we've encountered this problem before. What happens in an inflationary environment? The fact that we have leases that are net lease in nature. We are less sort of less susceptible to an environment where inflation expectation and actual inflation goes up because so much of the cost, either insurance, property, taxes, et cetera, are paid by our tenants. And so from that perspective, we feel pretty good. We started to see the 10-year treasury go up in anticipation of expected inflation going up. But thankfully, so far, our spreads have come down as well. And our all-in cost in the tenure has gone up slightly, but not dramatically. We can still issue tenure -- in today's environment, we think right around the 2122 ZIP code.  And that is still relative to what we've been able to do in the past, a very good all-in costs on the 10-year financing. So we feel pretty good about that. Some of this is now offset by what we are seeing in the U.K. as well as in Europe, where interest rates continue to be low, inflation expectations are very much contained. And so there, our all-in cost of financing continues to be super exciting. And so the fact that we have created all of these different alternatives also helps us shield us somewhat from inflation expectations arising in particular geographies and so we feel pretty good about that as well. And the fact that we have long-term leases also is a benefit.  Look, at some point, if the inflation expectations are going up, and it is largely translating to better GDP growth, et cetera, that should translate to better fundamentals for our tenants. And so not so much this year, we only have about 1.7% of our leases expiring. But in future years, that should start to reflect on higher market rents, et cetera. And so especially in 2022, 2023, we have a bit more of a expiration with regards to our leases, I could see us marking to market some of our leases during renewal time. And so I think from all of those perspectives, we feel pretty good.  One of the questions that often comes up, okay, if the interest rate environment continues to go up, it's going to impact your cost of capital, and that is absolutely true. But what we have found in prior cycles is that cap rates tend to follow suit as well. And there is definitely a lag, but it does sort of follow and then it allows us to continue to maintain the spreads that we have. And in certain situations, even enhance our spreads if the cap rate moves faster than our cost of capital. So we feel like we are very well positioned as a company. And based on some of the investments we've made and some of the areas that we have focused on, we feel like we are very well situated to handle an interest rate environment that increases an inflationary expectation environment that increases.
Sumit Roy: Yes. So Rob, I think this question was asked last quarter as well. Look, we like to reach other business. But 1 of the lessons learned through this process is that should this represent at least when the pandemic started 6% of our overall portfolio. And I think what we have concluded through this process is that this business should survive but there will be some level of real estate rationalization. And we are very happy to have put together this portfolio largely through sale leasebacks with the operators themselves. And so feel very good about our current portfolio. But the idea long-term is to continue to dwindle our exposure to this particular industry to something that is closer to a 3% ZIP code. So I think that answers your question, Rob. We feel like, over time, we need to get it down to about 3% of our overall portfolio.
Sumit Roy: We've always said that U.K. was our first step into a European strategy, a western European strategy, and that continues to be the path that we are embarking upon, Rob.  We are very well-established in the U.K., some of the numbers that we have posted, I believe, is a testament to that statement. We -- I'm delighted to also share with you that we've hired another full-time person at Negara in our U.K. office. Who has a lot of experience doing acquisitions and has a lot of relationships, et cetera, in the Western Europe -- European markets. And so the goal is to continue to look for transactions and not be constrained by geography, but look for the right transactions. And there are markets that we have identified in Western Europe that we would like to be able to grow into. But it's largely a function of do we have the right operators willing to transact at the right prices, et cetera, et cetera. So are we open to acquiring in Western Europe? The answer is categorical yes. But do I expect to see something happen in Spain? I don't have a timeline for that or something in France or Italy or Germany, I don't have a timeline for you. It's largely going to be a function, what's available and who we can get to work with and whether they fit into our overall target client list.
Sumit Roy: Absolutely. I mean, that's been our goal is try to minimize our exchange rate risk as much as we can, and we would follow a similar pattern to what we did in the U.K. where we did our debut, Sterling offering and prior to that, we had done a private placement, raising capital in U.K. denominated pounds. And that will continue to be how we finance our transactions. And that's where it becomes super exciting, Rob. I mean, you can do a 10-year paper in euro-denominated debt at 65, 70 basis points. Yes, cap rates are a lot more aggressive. But when you sort of factor in the cost of financing for somebody who's A-, A3 rated, it suddenly starts to make a lot of sense. And I think continuing to create alternative sources of capital, continuing to look at additional paths to growing our business is something that our platform allows us to do. And it's 1 that we are excited about, and we'll continue to push on.
Sumit Roy: Yes. Brent, I don't know if you go to a local grocery even in this environment, you still find them fairly full. And I'm not trying to be facetious here. It is deemed an essential retail and they have continued to perform. Having said that, the most important thing that we are trying to focus on is the fact that the operators that we want to do business with, they have an omnichannel strategy. If you look at the U.K. grocers that we have partnered with, they dominate the click and collect market, and they dominate the delivery services. And so most of the partners that we have. And if you sort of unpack the 10%, and it's not quite 10%, but it's getting there of our exposure. You'll find that all of the operators that we have done business with are -- substantially all of the operators that we've done business with tend to have this omnichannel strategy, very well-established or in the process of having it very well established. They have the [indiscernible] and the balance sheet to do so.  And I do think that, that is going to be the future of this particular industry, which is why we got very comfortable but it's not just the industry, but it's the operators that we have targeted within these industries that we have done business with. And they will be not only surviving but thriving in the new environment where potentially, there is going to be more click and collect or delivery services. So we feel very good about our specific exposure within this industry. I don't know if this was a question or not as to whether -- are we sort of getting up against our limits with 10%. I would say, no. Our investment policy allows us to go as high as 15%. And for certain industries, we can always go back to the Board and request exceptions. But of course, we have to put forth our thesis as to why it makes sense. But this is an industry we feel very comfortable with, Brent.
Sumit Roy: Well, it's -- I don't want to underplay what's happening in Texas. But thankfully, as far as our exposure in Texas is concerned, again, that's the advantage of having a triple net business is that it's largely being handled by the operators. And thankfully, the disruption was fairly short term. And so most of these businesses are going to be able to come back.  Yes, they may have some issues with product not making it through this blip, as you put it. But I don't see this as being a major issue for the specific clients that we have exposure to in Texas.
Sumit Roy: Yes. Spenser, that's a great question. There's a reason why we have that sheet in our supplemental, and we want to lay it out as clearly as possible. This is another one of the avenues us to continue to gain exposure to certain clients and do it at a cap rate that is north of what you would be able to transact in the open market. And so it is about $160 million of commitment, $100 million of which is not funded yet. But if you look at the breakup, you will see that it's largely driven by 2 forward commitments we have on the non-retail side of the business. And so what that allows us to do is, again, enter into these contracts in a particular asset type that is trading super aggressively and be able to transact and get assets maybe 40, 50, 60 basis points north of where these assets would be trading have they been available today. And so I think that is part of the advantage of doing this. And this is, again, using our credit, using our scale and size to be able to get some of these assets at higher cap rates than what we would on the open market.  The other side of this is repositioning. I think it was Vikram, who had asked about, hey, how are you thinking about these assets from NPC. We have a history of being able to reposition some of our assets and be able to really capture and enhance our rent from the same exact location by simply repositioning these assets. And that is something we've been doing for a few years. They tend to be smaller dollar amounts.  But once again, we've given you that detail in the supplemental. And that will continue to be a bigger and bigger portion of our business. And I think as you've seen, the velocity of our lease terminations, et cetera, will only increase. And this part of our business, which we have seasoned over many years, will start to play a bigger, bigger role and will certainly, we hope, be a value-enhancing part of our business model.  And so I would love to see this business continue to increase within the parameters of what I just shared with you and help us create another source of value creation for the overall business.
Sumit Roy: Not sure. But I think, Wes, we've talked about this again, some of these theaters are located in prime locations. And we've already shared with you that, look, we don't think that the footprint of the theater business, pre-pandemic is going to be exactly the same post pandemic. So there will be some level of rationalization. But the good news is there is a fair amount of demand for last mile distribution, and there's much more of a focus on development of multifamily, given some of the trends that we are seeing in some of these markets. So it is quite possible that these assets, given that they sit on potentially 10, 12, even 15 acres of land, could be repositioned to a higher and better use. But that question, Wes, I think, is going to be very specific to the particular location and where that particular theta falls in the performance rankings. And if it tends to be in the top 2 quartile, I would say that, yes, the likelihood of it remaining at theater is high. But if not, I could easily see it being repositioned.  Perhaps not easily but certainly repositioned.
Sumit Roy: Yes. That's a very good question, Todd. What we had seen in -- even as late last year that there was a portfolio discount, not a portfolio premium. But there has -- we have seen a couple of portfolios come to market that have traded very expensively. And so I'm not quite sure where this trend is going to go, Todd. But -- and I think I mentioned this already that even some industries and some tenants that we had seen pre-pandemic are now trading at levels as a portfolio, 40, 50 basis points lower.  So it's tough to tell. I don't think it is a point that could be made across all industries and all operators. I do think that in most industries and especially the higher-yielding industries. If there's a portfolio transaction, you will tend to see a discount, not a premium. But in certain industries and the industries that are in favor today, we are certainly seeing a little bit of tightening. With regards to $3.25 billion, we are not underwriting to very large portfolio transactions. That is not part of our overall forecast, Todd. So if that were to happen, I think that would be above and beyond the numbers that we have shared with you. And so that, too, could be a potential tailwind for our business. As you might know, there are several public sale-leaseback transactions in the market, none of which are reflected in the numbers that we have shared.  With respect to cap rates, it is -- it has compressed. And it has compressed even over the last 5 months, 4 months. So whether it's retail here in the U.K. industrial, as you know, it's probably steady but still fairly aggressive cap rates. It's -- all has tended to become a lot more expensive today than it was 6 months ago.  In the U.K., thankfully, the cap rate market is a bit more stable. I wouldn't go so far as to say that it's compressing. But it's funny, we tend to do certain transactions where we are the only ones who are engaging in conversations and then we will find 1 or 2 other potential buyers start to come in on subsequent transactions.  So this is an interesting acquisitions environment that we find ourselves in right now. And -- but we feel very good. Again, the advantages that we have, we feel like we'll be able to get more than our share of transactions done, and we will continue to do it as spreads that will be very favorable and will help us drive earnings growth.
Sumit Roy: Yes. I could probably help with that a little bit. I mean, if we take a look at year-to-date, the January recollection was relatively consistent with what we've been seeing in the past months towards that 94% range. And essentially, the theater industry is still the majority at approximately 80%. And we did see some pickup as it relates to health and fitness. And it's a little early for February. But overall, as we said at the start of the call, it's consistent and steady.
Sumit Roy: Yes. We can hear you, Mike. This is what happens when I'm in the office. Katie is in Philadelphia. We have an associated home. Creates that lot merging that doesn't work too well sometimes. I was wondering if you can provide some perspective. Obviously, when you switch over from banking, you went to Duke as the CFO. And then with CBRE, you sit on Park Hotels, Kite Realty, Tiers Board. You came out to Realty Income board last year. Net lease and what Realty Income is very different from those other companies in terms of the type of business in terms of creating growth with this longer duration net leases really where the competitive advantage is the cost of capital. And obviously, the relationships that the company has. But the secret to this company is being able to access well-priced capital and finding the deals. Just talk about sort of your perspectives and how you think the company should be capitalized?  How you think about capital raising relative to your prior experiences? Certainly, Michael. It's great. Great to hear your voice again, and I look forward to seeing you in person. But I wasn't at CBRE. I was at JLL.
Sumit Roy: Not necessarily, Michael. I mean we were just taking advantage of the market at that point in time, and it was really an opportunistic play given the acquisition pipeline that we had in front of us. So you can expect us to still be managing our debt-to-equity equation thoughtfully in keeping with our A rating, but not being overly aggressive, if you will, to cause dilution.
Sumit Roy: Joshua, I'll take that question. So we don't talk about specific transactions. You also can see that 7-Eleven is a top 10 tenant of ours. It's a client that we have done repeat business with. We help do their first sale-leaseback in 2016 and did subsequently 4 other sale leasebacks directly with them. So clearly, it's an operator. It's -- that we really like. It's in an industry that we like, and especially the standing that 7-Eleven has within the [indiscernible] store business, we really like their positioning. And so then the question becomes okay, what about the 11% industry exposures that you have to convenience store business. Is that a factor that could potentially curbed our ability to do more? And I think I've answered this question before, we have a limit of 15%, and we can always get exceptions in the event we can make the case that a particular industry is one that we are very favorable, we implying towards and would like to see it increase. And this is one of those industries that we would feel very comfortable in increasing our allocation to. But again, we have to be very specific that it's industry increase in allocation, but with particular clients in mind and 7-Eleven would that will be falling in that bucket.
Sumit Roy: Sure. So that's 1 of the things that we talked about, Linda, is the fact that we do have the size and the scale to absorb large portfolios. Now the way I would define large portfolios is $1 billion plus. Most peers would run into concentration questions doing half that size. Especially if they already have a preexisting exposure to that particular client. But we find ourselves in the enviable position of being able to continue to increase the allocation for a given client, and it's largely a testament to the size of our overall business and balance sheet. But clearly, when you start talking $5 billion, $6 billion, those are types of transactions that don't come very often. And when they do, outside of us, I don't know if there is any other public net lease buyer that could potentially entertain absorbing that sort of size.  Then in terms of who are the alternative buyers of this. It's largely driven by what is available on the financing side of the equation. And ABS has become a preferred mechanism of financing these large scale transactions, especially with highly rated operators. And then once those boxes are checked, you can pretty much assume some of the private equity folks getting involved and being super excited about playing in that size because they can put capital to work, and lever up the portfolio to, call it, 85%, 90% and be able to get very -- enhance their cash-on-cash yield. So that's the group that would be the traditional competition for very large sale-leaseback opportunities with highly rated operators.  But when interest rate starts to move in the direction that it has, then that does start to put pressure on some of these players because the cost of financing on that 80%, 90% leverage starts to creep up. So it really is going to have to be coupled with what we see in the financing market to help define who the potential competition could be.
Sumit Roy: Yes. I can answer that. Yes, about 41 of these assets, when we did our internal analysis, we deemed them to be in this top quartile. And that's how we came up with the 41. But when we talked about us getting some rent from both AMC as well as Regal, especially in the month of December. It was across the entire portfolio. So even those assets, those 37 assets that we have on cash accounting, they paid us rent. Not 100%. But they paid us some rent for the month of December, and that's really the upside for us going forward.
Sumit Roy: So thank you, everyone, for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking with you at the upcoming virtual conferences. Take care. Bye-bye.
