Tom Lewis: It's hard to know obviously when you are looking into the future. The one thing I’d been kind of surprised that is more M&A talk. Be that private equity or one individual buying another. And so if you look at the kind of the larger transactions, we've seen come by, I think a bunch of them are little more M&A oriented which is pretty gone away. And so I think if the economy continues to get a little bit better and if the capital markets are open, you’re probably going to see it generated from that. And then, secondarily there’s just been some companies come out and I wouldn’t say these are people who really have balance sheet problems, but folks who are saying, I’d like to take advantage of this market now and do something. But I still haven't seen the flood [ph] that was call for of the people that really are kind of desperate to do some refinance. And I think as long as the capital market stay open here, that might be slowed a little bit by their access to capital in other areas, but I hope that they would do what a lot of people in the real world [ph] did, but take advantage of it, pick it the right size for the balance sheet. So, my sense is I don’t know where the future is, you kind of got to look at scenarios and this moving along slowly and with a lot of liquidity out there I think we’ll keep cap rates moderating a bit. And I think cause volume to increase but it's not the big proliferation jump back up and spread is tighten, I actually think you might get maybe deal flow moderate a little bit, but you might get a lot of higher rates.
Tom Lewis: Yes. You know, it’s interesting, last year what was happening is that bid/ask spread just got really big and the volume went down and just our cap rates moving to 10%. And today they are coming back in and it’s funny. Even though it seems spreads coming pretty dramatically in the bond markets, cap rates tend to like that, and I think cap rates tend to bunch up a bit more than you see credits cards. They have been a little bit flat so I'd have to characterize the business is kind of in the 8 to 9.5 range depending on quality today. And if you look at that, that the double B and single B, you have that 9% plus but that is moving down as there are some demand that returns to the market.
Tom Lewis: Sure. You know, kind of dividend history is, you know, Jeff before we will publicly paid out a 100% or kind of above, up and down and when we went public, we wanted to get the payout ratio down a bit until we had really diversified out the portfolio and nobody wanted to raise it. And we're probably comfortable around the 90% level of AFFO plus or minus were in around 93. Now, I think, but I would think if FFO picks up over the next two, three years, we'll continue to grow the dividend. But may be grow up at a little lower rate then the growth of FFO is what I would like to do. But I would wanted to think too far below 85%, and I think closer to 90 is long-term what we're comfortable about, we're in the business to pay dividends to people and that's really what we're all about and then secondarily the business tends to be pretty stable.
Tom Lewis: I think we are sending out the issue and this is why I was talking earlier about, okay, if things are starting to thin out here, when does occupancy kind of bottom and when does same store rent the erosion come off it. And there’s a lag effect, so I really, I’ve gone down to portfolio management and sit down and said, “Okay, let’s take a look at everything out there, what’s your working on what we see coming”. And it end up with kind of an absent nothing else of major proportion. You probably look fourth quarter, first quarter next year to see things for rent increasing. But you know, there has been a slow down in things popping up on the watch list. You never --Rich Moore – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Nothing this quarter, Tom.
Tom Lewis: No, nothing this quarterRich Moore – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, great. And then the lease expirations coming up, I mean, how do you feel about those? I guess a little bit more positive given the economy.
Tom Lewis: Yes, LA Fitness, which is one of the reasons that you see that pop up a bit.Rich Moore – RBC Capital Markets: You're right. Right, good point. And then, okay so just then, and then would there be more with either, either category, either those ---
Tom Lewis: Okay. Thank you very much everybody for taking the time and enjoy the rest of earning season. We look forward to talking to you soon. Thank you.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, G&A for this year, well, first of all, let’s put it this way 2009 with about $21 million or 6.4% of total revenues which is a metric we always kind of glanced that. This year we expected to be about $26 million or about 7.5 % of total revenues. That assumes, you know, that the 100 to 250 million of acquisitions kind of a net level. But to extent the acquisitions could accelerate beyond that for some reasons G&A could be a little bit higher to the extent it’s on the $100 million level, then it would be a little bit lower but at 7.5% total revenues. I think that still put us in pretty good said [ph] and pretty good said [ph] historically in terms of not only where we’ve said as a the percentage of total revenues but where we’ve said we’re on a comp basis I think relative to somewhat appears in what you [ph].
Unidentified Company Representative: And I’ll just say that I think the acquisition guys, I wouldn’t say there’s a certain level of acquisitions to justify the guys that would say there’s a certain level of that, guys needed to get the acquisition.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, we most certainly know their right to, but you know, again I don’t want to get too far out in projecting the future because, if we just run back to a year ago you look at those credits spreads that I’ve talked about. You looked about what was going on. It was a very different world, so we all feel a lot better here 12 months later, but let’s also remember what we went through and be discipline in terms of how allocating capital on the buy side or issuing and if I am going to take a little risk I will do it on some personal and G&A and hopefully it will work out well.
Unidentified Company Representative: And we don’t have any more positions in research if that’s really what you getting at here Jeff.Jeffrey Donnelly – Wells Fargo Securities: So, I want to be the Catty [ph] thanks. Thanks guys.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah. We got couple back, but I really can’t comment on it because it’s we’re full swinging [ph] around the committee.Rich Moore – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Okay. So is it --
Unidentified Company Representative: Let me just reiterate what we mentioned before. Rich it might be helpful. We used to have 34 locations we got 11 back in ’07. So, in theory those 11 were of lesser quality then the 23 that we cap the debt time. And that the experience of that 11 it’s been descent. We had seven of those released that 70% of prior rent so that might be a helpful metric as you look at what might happened to the remaining 23 that we have now.Rich Moore – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. I got you; thanks and you can’t go any further now, I take it.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes.Rich Moore – RBC Capital Markets: And as far as, yes you did great. And as far as other bankruptcies you said watch list was kind of thinning out. Did you have any others this quarter and when we say thinning out I mean usually I think of the first quarter is kind of bankrupt this season. So sounds like that they are sending out a private and pretty good progress of the year.
Unidentified Company Representative: I hope so. But, you know, LA Fitness is our largest tenant. At some point we'll make a decision. Generally, 10% is our absolute maximum, but there are up at 6.1, so we want to watch that. They’ve been a very good company relative to performance, they've done extremely well and they – we've done good business with them, so we may do a little more, but at some point it need to moderate.Rich Moore – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And the other services guide is not something sitting behind this initial purchase.
Unidentified Company Representative: That is, and let me bifurcate that. We had one tenant that went through a chapter 11 last year. And I think we talked about him in the last call. Big 10 Tires and there were some rent reductions and this is the first quarter that they kind of hit the same store rent numbers. And last quarter we had increases from our other tire people, so part of that is timing.Rich Moore – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, very good, got you. Thanks guys.
