Tom Lewis: Thanks. Obviously we’re pleased with the results for 2011 in acquisitions and I think is much from by the pace of transactions just coming in the door right now that will drive what we are able to do this year and we think that will continue to play a role in obviously growing the revenue and AFFO, which is what drives dividend increases. I think secondly and equally important for us is it will also help us in adjusting the makeup of our portfolio where we’re trying to do a couple of things, which is move up the credit curve with the tenant base and then also into areas both inside and outside of retail that we think want to make up a larger piece of the portfolio and going forward. If you look at the last 24 months or so, we bought about $1.7 billion of property, $1 billion of it was in retail and I think much in the sector is that we think will do well if we continue with a tougher retail environment where lower income consumers continue to struggle. $720 million of the properties we bought are into areas outside of retail that we think will do well for us and of the $1.7 billion total about $770 million was done with investment grade tenants and a good measure of the rest of the acquisitions are also up the credit curve close to investment grade and we’re pleased with that. The other thing about it is how we’ve funded the acquisitions. Living in a very low interest rate environment that’s largely generated by monetary policy at the federal level, I think it’s easy to get lulled in to the assumption that rates will stay low, which they might. However, we want to be mindful of where they could go in the future particularly if they were to go up substantially and I think that is true not only for our tenants as they would refinance their balance sheet down the road but I think also for our own balance sheet. And one of the things we want to make sure we do is we are fairly active here in acquiring is we don’t materially add to our levels or to our near-term maturities. So if you look at the permanent financing that we’ve done or our funding of these acquisitions over the last 24 months or so, we did four equity offerings that generated gross proceeds of just over $1 billion. We did $150 of debts that had a maturity of 20, 35 and then last week we did the perpetual preferred offering, which is – was $373 million. And that is about $1.5 billion in capital and with either no maturity or a small piece of maturity there the far end of the future. And as we think about capital we’ll continue to keep in mind that the cost to capital could be materially higher in the future and the cost of refinancing that could be an issue. So we’ll try and take care of that in terms of how we are funding the acquisitions. Relative to the balance sheet and access to capital, we’re in very good shape. As Paul mentioned there’s plenty of drive powder to continue to acquire. On earning and guidance, obviously the acquisitions, occupancy and same-store rent increases the portfolio had in 2011, really drove the revenue, FFO and AFFO and that will benefit us with the acquisitions here in 2012. In the release a couple of weeks ago, we adjusted our guidance for the preferred issuance to 201 to 205 on FFO and that included that non-cash charge that Paul talked about and then AFFO 207 to 212 and that’s 3% to 5.5% AFFO growth and that number will be our primary focus as Paul mentioned into the best we have for recurring cash flow right now. Kind of finally before we take questions, I’d be remiss if like Paul, I didn’t mention the press release yesterday announcing the 500th consecutive monthly dividend. That’s over 41 years of monthly dividends, it’s a long time. I think the company was about at 108th consecutive dividends when I came in to do due diligence in the company and met the founders Bill and John Clark. It’s probably over 200 when I came to work here 25 years ago and I called the Clarks who are actively retired to talk to them about getting to 500 and I liked their comment which is very typical for them which was “That’s great and I hope you guys are focused on the next 500,” which we are. Anyway a nice milestone for the company that they founded a long time ago. Operator, we will now open it up to questions.
Tom Lewis: Yeah. I don’t think we’re looking to dispose of it. We don’t have much in that area and they’re with very high quality tenants. I think it’s more of comments that that’s not something we’re looking to aggressively add to the portfolio. In the ECM transaction we had a couple of few office buildings that came with that but it’s still a relative small part of the portfolio, it’s only about 2.6% of rent. So I wouldn’t see it increasing but currently we don’t have plans to sell the assets.Lindsay Schroll – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Lewis: It varies a little. In the Friendly’s, I believe we assumed in our -- that we didn’t lease anything until late in the year or early in the next year. We think we’ll do better with the Buffets. We had a little more aggressive move on it because we’ve had a little better luck as we’ve gone through this recently.
Tom Lewis: They tend not to be 7s, they tend to be 11s. Certainly that was the case in Friendly’s and that’s the case in Buffets. And when you think to sponsor you kind of wanted – there’s a couple of things obviously, these are levered entities and one of the strategies in the toolbox of these people has been to – if the chain starts to struggle in the debt trades to a discount, go into the market, buy the debt and they become both the debt and equity owner and that gives us some optionality to go through an 11, continue it on the chains and do some work on the contracts, other contracts of it. But I think as long as they can see in the properties profitability and the chain overall they’re obviously going to look for an 11 and that will either be through the debtor is becoming the owner or in the case as I mentioned were both – both have the same. But if you look Friendly’s and Buffets both the rents are pretty low, which gives them the opportunity to do that and the what we’ve tried to do in all of these of course is get some optionality for if the business recovers that we can get a piece of that. But in most cases, they do want to operate but it’s a chain by chain basis. There has been a fair amount of bankruptcy in that industry over the last four or five years, 34 or 35 of them and the vast majority have been 11.
Tom Lewis: We are happy to do either and it really is investment grade and we would like to take it up the credit curve when we can find them. It’s a competitive world today, but like to do that. And then, when they are not investment grade, we’d rather be moving kind of up the cusp with it. And when you get to non-investment grade, it again is kind of a tenant with a low income consumer and discretionary we really don’t want to be investing there even though yields can be very attractive and we are willing to do both today.
Tom Lewis: Yeah, I would think I would hang around the 1% level or closer to that through the first half of the year as we deal with some of these properties and that was a case a few years ago. And then, I think it probably – long-term probably 1% to 1.5% is to consider average, when we get above 1.5% that’s high just given the way lease structures work.
Tom Lewis: It’s relatively similar to what we did two years ago.Todd Stender – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Thanks guys.
Tom Lewis: Yeah. There is about – well acquisitions for 2012. Again, our best guess this year is we would like to do 50 and that probably adds in 25 to 30 of this new grouping of investment properties we’d like to sell. So that’s the number there, but there is $110 million probably over the next 18 to 24 months. And then behind that as we went through and did the whole portfolio it wasn’t we need to sell these now, but these are areas we want to move out of. It is about 20% of the portfolio where you looked at, instead over the next four or five years that’s what we would want to recycle.
Tom Lewis: No, if you think of about 20% that’s 400 or 500 properties, so I think over three to five years that’s about 80 properties a year or something.
Tom Lewis: Yeah, it’s a balancing act with acquisitions and all the other things going on in the portfolio and still hitting good numbers and raising the dividend, but we think we can move a good part of the portfolio over the next two years.
Tom Lewis: Yeah, and I don’t have that number off the top of my head Tony, but if you want to e-mail what the piece of puzzle is, let us take a look at it.
Tom Lewis: Yeah, that’s very fair, it definitely impacts. When we talk about an 80% recovery rate that is when we get those leased up, so if you have a event happen for the 12 months after that the impact is certainly greater than the 20% that you don't recover, because that's during the period where they are vacant and aside from not gaining rent, there is also the triple net expenses and so, in a year like this and it really bans the year between Friendly’s and Buffet’s. That does have a pretty good impact, it may exceed the same-store rent for a period of time until you get those leased.
Tom Lewis: Okay. Well, listen thanks everybody for being with us today, I know it's a busy schedule and we appreciate the attention and we will talk to you in about 90 days and thank you, Diane.
Paul Meurer: There are LOIs in place in a handful and so I think of that estimate is kind of 6 to 18 months and what that means is you’ll have some outliers that happen sooner and you’ll have some outliers that happen later than that.
Paul Meurer: And to some extent more art than science Tony. So, for example if we – buy $1 billion worth of real estate again this year, then maybe we can do more than $50 million in sales this year, who knows. So, we will kind of manage that from an earnings run rate perspective as well.
Paul Meurer: And the one thing we do, I think we do a pretty good job of giving you the specifics of how we approach same store calculation in the 10-Qs and 10-Ks, but we will have that laid out to give you exactly what we have put in it versus what’s not it, because everyone does it a little bit differently. I think what you are generally going to find and that’s why Tom tried to give you some guidance on where we get some bumps in which industries and which ones were down is that obviously, the ones that we got bumps in, it was probably a number of slightly healthier than 1% to 1.5%. But the ones, the vacancy is what really drives it down to that kind of overall run rate. So, when you are modeling for the overall portfolio that’s why we are guiding you to that 1% to 1.5% area.
Paul Meurer: Fair enough. Your question is on the projection for 2012 and I think what we are seeing is, we were expecting same-store rent to be more like 1.5% plus next year, reasonably healthy from an overall historical perspective for us. And the Buffet’s and Friendly’s vacancy is what's dragging that down closer to a 1% number, certainly for the first nine months of the year or so.
Paul Meurer: We received October rent and then the impact say 15 of the 19 rejections, we did not receive November or December rent. And then, the other four rejections we haven’t received January’s rent, just to kind to give you a feel.
Paul Meurer: Yeah, a lot of the buildings are set up for that, so it generally is and I could give you other things they would become, but it’s really anecdotal, they are restaurants.
