Thomas Lewis: Thank you, Tager and good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us on our call today to discuss the first quarter operations for Realty Income. Before I start, in the room with me is Gary Malino, our President and Chief Operating Officer; John Case, our President and Chief Investment Officer; Paul Meurer, our EVP and Chief Financial Officer; and Mike Pfeiffer, our General Counsel. As always I must read and say that during this conference call we will make certain statements that may be considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Law and the company's actual future results may differ significantly from the matters discussed in any forward-looking statements. We will disclose in greater detail on the company's Form 10-K the factors that may cause such differences. Also in the room with me today are some spring allergies so if we go radio silent for a second or you hear a loud noise I would appreciate your understanding. Paul, as we always do, if you’ll start by running through the numbers for everybody.
Thomas Lewis: Yeah. There was one transaction we did in the first quarter with a tenant we like a great deal and it had a very attractive yield for what is a non-rated company. But if they were rated it would certainly be considered investment grade. So we were able to secure a good deal there and it just happened to be where what came in this quarter versus what may come in next quarter.
Thomas Lewis: You know it's, we are willing to do either, what we are really focused on is taking a look at the retailers and the consumer they serve. And it's discretionary goods and services or what they sell and there target markets better be the upper middle income or the upper income, because it it's lower middle or lower, we don’t want to buy it. So focus there. And then on the non-discretionary type goods and services, if that’s what the retailer is selling then we are pretty good at the upper and middle income, but if it's lower we want to make sure that there is very deep value proposition and that’s why we have gotten into the Club Stores and Dollar Stores and others. And that is a big focus when we are in retail. And then generically moving up the credit curve, and in retail there are investment grade credits but there is a limited number. And so to get the portfolio up to credit curve, we are more than willing to look outside of retail. But it really has to be the Fortune 500, maybe Fortune 1000 and investment grade and what we think is property that they would consider it very very important to their business. So whether it comes in an either basket, we don’t really mind. And we are happy to have both sides expand a little more so if retail went up a little bit, it wouldn’t bother us as long as it was hit right where we wanted to go and generally up the curve. But we would be happy if retail, which I think in the quarter was around 79, if that falls to 75 or 4, or 3 or 2, that’s fine too. But I don’t have a numerical target on either one of those. It's really just those boxed we are trying to hit in terms of what we want to acquire and what we want to stay away from.
Thomas Lewis: Disposition cap. No, we have got it here, I am sorry. It was a little, actually lower than what we were planning for the year. I do know that because the one larger multi-tenant sale was substantially lower than that. Do you remember the cap rate on the transaction? Yeah, it was like a 7.5, and that was a big piece of it. So I would guess it is probably is closer to the 7-7.5 range but we will try to....
Thomas Lewis: Yeah, I do think we will continue doing what we are doing. And as I said in the last question, we were happy to be in retail and we haven’t moved away from it and we are happy to buy. We are just going to be more particular in terms of who the tenants are, who they serve and what their balance sheet looks like. And so if we think they are investment grade or close so there is not a big refinance risk when interest rates go up, we are happy to do it. And as long as we are staying away from consumer discretionary to just kind of lower income is who they market to, then we are happy to do it. And we would be just (inaudible) retail space right where it is. However, we are also focused on generically moving up the curve. And so if it's out to do that, we are happy to do it. We don’t have a target. It's right now 78 or 79, 21-22 is the mix, and over the course of the year if I had to guess, we will probably see a little more outside of retail, but we’re probably in the year where retail is still over 70% of the portfolio.
Thomas Lewis: We have done that. We’ve got over $700 million of secured debt naturally come from buying portfolio. So we’re willing to do it. But when we do it we try and pay off anything we can that doesn’t have significant prepayment penalties and is an economic payoff. And then we will even place if there’s one, two, three, four year debt and see and pay that off as soon as we can. So it is our preference not to have any secured debt, but given size to buy portfolios I think that that will be the case from time to time. But it’s going to remain a very small part of our balance sheet. And it is something we could consider, but as soon as we get it on the books the purpose is get it off.
Thomas Lewis: Yeah. There’s enough people that are broad in terms of what they’ll look at, whether it’s investment grade or non-investment grade, but I don’t think there are any sectors that are just standing there with gaping holes with nobody investing in them. And we look through all the industries we’re in. we buy convenience stores. Other people do. We buy theatres. Other people do and you can go right across it. We’re not buying casual dining, sit down dinner house restaurants, but other people are. So the fact we’re out of that doesn’t mean I think there’s a gaping hole. It’s competitive throughout. The performance of the net lease companies obviously has been relatively good for most of just the last few years and with the demand for yields, both institutionally and retail, given the yield characteristics in that lease it’s pretty much across the board everywhere. We’re fortunate that we have done this a long time. We have the experience and size and so the deal flow has been equally good. But it’s competitive all the way across.
Thomas Lewis: It’s funny. I think it was a little above average and if you want a run rate I think 1% is a good one to use. Interestingly enough if you go back a few years ago in the recession you’ll recall we had a few tenants out of our very large group of tenants that went through some chapter 11s and one of the things we did when we set some rents lower for them, we were also to build in some recapture if their business rebounded and their business has now rebounded and so strangely enough a good part of that comes from the restaurant industry and it comes from tenants that there was a problem and their rent accelerated over the last few months as their business was better and our leases had been changed to capture part of that. But we think going forward and particularly with the RT coming into the numbers over time, I think 1% is a good run rate.
Thomas Lewis: And then it could be impacted if one of the larger transactions come through and that can change the cap rate up or down depending on who the tenant is. Those numbers John gave you are the ones that we’re using for modeling.
Thomas Lewis: Interesting. I would never say never and I think that’s smart to do. But when you get inside of 10 years it starts growing some concern from us and you would have to be able to get in and establish that the rents were at or substantially below market before you want to go much inside 10 years I think. And that’s in a chunky one or two tenant acquisitions something that could be done, but in a broad M&A type situation it becomes a bit more challenging. So on any granular acquisition 10 years is where we just draw the line and if it was an M&A situation we’d like to think 10 years subject to review of where rents are verse market.
Thomas Lewis: We also when we were looking at whatever financing we do next and plugging in what it would cost us, tried to use a rate substantially higher than where debt is sitting today and then that gives us the option of doing equity preferred without materially moving the model. And if we decided to do debt it would have an impact.
Thomas Lewis: We are, and I don’t know, John, if you have the number handy, but we definitely have some development commitments underway. But it's a pretty small amount. And total for the currently...
Thomas Lewis: And (inaudible) those numbers and is not looking for capitalized interest but thinking about development risk. All of those are on existing properties where a lease has been placed so there is no lease-up risk on that. It's just expansions or we bought the land and we are funding the development, but we have the lease in place from the tenant already.
Thomas Lewis: Most of that came from the RT acquisitions. The tenants there are DaVita which most people know is one of the largest in the dialysis area an also Fresenius. There’s also a few express scripts properties, actually a few leased to GE Healthcare and then like four MOBs I believe they are that are at the Saint Joseph’s. So it’s fairly limited. It is not an area we’re targeting. If it grows it would surprise me as of now. I guess it could a little bit. But those are mostly that came out of that area and I don’t think I have a formal attitude towards it outside that it’s an area and an industry that is very well financed by some very smart folks. And if we find something at the margin time but it’s not anything we’re pointing to.
Thomas Lewis: Today the number is 15.61% of like real inflation percentage sale, that type of stuff going into it. And that’s up substantially from a few years ago and I would give us a C to D grade at best in getting that done. It is extraordinarily difficult. It is not the norm in the industry and is really an out wire and is probably one of the more frustrating things in the management of the business and something that we really continue to work on. And as we drop back into a strategic planning mode which we’re going to do this year, that is something that we’re really going to think about where we could go to try and accomplish that. But today in the net lease business it’s C&O. it’s the fountain of youth that comes daily on but nobody ever finds. And I really think that’s the case and you have to really parse how you ask the question because if you say do you have CPI accelerators in your leases? Well yeah. It would be a massive number for us, but they’re capped. So what they really are is fixed increases. So, it really does need to be asked, but it’s unrestricted and that’s about 15.6% for us and very unusual to get.
Thomas Lewis: I think the bucket is going to be retail and I think it’s going to be the ones that have fallen down in that category. And tenants that are very levered and it will probably be dominated by restaurants and there may be some convenience stores and then a smattering of other things.
Thomas Lewis: I hope it hasn’t occurred and I hope there is much more to go because I’d like that number to be substantially higher. But I want to modify it in that it’s not just buying investment to buy investment grade. The reason we want to do it, is over the last 30 years the tenures quite frankly have just gone from 15% to 1.7% when I looked at it this morning. And that has made a lot of very levered business strategies that involve a lot of financial engineering work. And should interest rates go up, which were really low, I want to focus on companies that would really have trouble refinancing their balance sheet. Now that means generally investment grade companies are going to be less impacted. There are tenants who are not investment grade. Who don’t have a lot of debt but they are not investment or a even a [shallow] rating might be less than investment grade because of their size. But if they are size and they don’t have big refinance risk exposure and the customer they serve doesn’t, then still interests us very much. Even though they are not investment grade because we are really for that lack of risk relative to refinance. However, the bigger the entity, the lower the default rate. The rating agencies will tell you, all your research tells us that. But I don’t want to say always, but I would like it to continue to increase. But we are happy to have some of the tenants not being investment grade. But even those that aren’t, I will tell you, have moved up the curve where they are closer to investment grade substantially then they were a number of years ago. Much less of the highly levered private equity M&A type of stuff.
Thomas Lewis: Yeah, I mean you know the industrial property that we sold during the quarter was like 400,00 square feet with 375 small tenants. And so you start looking at a weak economic environment, you would worry there. But we are kind of pretty much done with that. We have sold most of what we had there. The double net that we might have is actually more up the credit curve with people and it's just that it’s 2.5 net where you may have some responsibility with it. But those aren’t things that we are really looking to get out of. We are looking at those when we underwrite them relative to the cap rate we get and try and amortize some type of expense ratio for them, even if the expenses are lumpy.
Thomas Lewis: No. No, that portfolio was almost all pretty straight net lease. You know if we get a bunch of grocery anchor centers, we will think about (inaudible).
Thomas Lewis: Yeah. And I will tell you one of the reasons I don’t want to move the guidance right now, we feel very comfortable where it is, is I think it could get better but I also think we may do some more G&A this year. We are kind of doing a project in house from looking at, if the company was twice as large, what it would need to look like, how would reporting look, what would people be doing. And then we have identified a number of areas where we want to add staff and expertise. And there's probably a number of people and acquisitions where we are going to do that. A number of people in research, we want to do that. There has been some movement internally, so we need to do that portfolio management. And we will have a, I think a pretty good increase in employee count during the course of this year. We just kind of earned the midst of our recruiting and the undergrad out there and we will probably do a much bigger class this year then we have done in the past. So we have grown substantially and I think we need to add a few people for that even though this addition to the RT is very efficient, but we also want to plan for growth. And so we are going to need, I think a couple of more executives around here and a good group of professionals added in. So there will be more.
Thomas Lewis: Thank you everybody for joining us for this. I know it’s a busy season, particularly a busy day and we appreciate the attention look forward to talking to you at one of the upcoming events. Thank you.
John Case: As Tom said, we remain active on the acquisitions front. During the first quarter we made $128 million in property level investments in 27 properties at an average yield of 7.9%. These properties had a weighted average lease term of just under 14 years and 22% of these assets are leased to investment grade tenants. The properties are leased to 14 different tenants and 11 different industries, so well diversified. Two of the tenants are new to our portfolio and the most significant industries represented were transportation services and [health] business. Properties are located in 16 states and about 80% of the investments are comprised of our traditional retail properties. Of course this activity was in addition to our $3.2 billion acquisition of American realty capital trust which added 515 properties and closed in January. So our combined total investment in real estate for the first quarter was just under $3.3 billion and 542 properties. This was clearly our most active quarter in our company's history by a significant margin. Let me spend a moment here and talk about the market environment today. I’ll start with transaction flow. Tom just alluded to that. We continue to be very busy. So far in the first quarter we sourced $4.3 billion in acquisition opportunities. So transaction flow continues to remain strong. We continue to work on a number of these opportunities and we’re expecting another active year for transaction flow. While investment opportunities are fairly abundant, competition for these acquisitions is also abundant. There are plenty of well capitalized buyers in the market today led by private and public lease REITS, but we’re also seeing some other private institutional buyers seeking yield in our space. These buyers are using more leverage with the CMBS market in our space that has gained strength here in the past quarter or two. And that’s helping our private buyers better compete. But we expect to continue to close on a fair share of these opportunities. As far as pricing goes, cap rates remain low relative to historical standards. Given the strong bid in the market today they’re coming under a bit more pressure. Non-investment grade properties are trading in the 7% to 8% cap rate range. Investment grade assets are trading in the 6% to 7% cap rate range. However, our overall cost of capital has also continued to decline. So our investment spreads remain very healthy relative to our historical averages. The current market portfolios in the $50 to $250 million range continue to trade at premium pricing relative to single assets. So buyers are willing to pay a portfolio premium in order to deploy larger amounts of capital efficiently. This is the trend we’ve been seeing for the last year or so and we expect to see it continuing. So to recap our outlook, we do remain optimistic about achieving our previous acquisitions guidance of $550 million for this year. We are still modeling a 7.25% initial yield on acquisitions for 2013. But that number will depend on our ultimate mix of investment grade and non-investment grade acquisitions. In the first quarter, our property level acquisitions yielded 7.9%, it's really reflective of investment grade assets accounting for 22% of the total volume. We would expect our near-term quarterly average cap rates to be a bit closer to the 7.25% rates we have communicated to the market.
John Case: Yeah. It was primarily the percentage of non-investment grade assets we closed. We closed 22% in investment grade which was a bit lower than we had been closing in the previous quarters and certainly 64% in investment grade investments we did in 2012. So that’s the main driver, Manny.
John Case: That is a great question and let me see if I have that sitting here in front of me, which I may or may not have. Well, for the year, Manny, our estimate for call it a 100 million plus, it's going to be 8.75%, if that’s okay.
John Case: Not really. There’s pretty strong competition across the board and we’re not really seeing it vary by the industry of the tenant.
John Case: I think it could range from 11 up to 15, 16, right in there. It’s hard to tell at this point. But they are all pretty much initial terms above 10. You see some 20. You see a fair amount of 15. It just depends on how much you end up doing at each lease side.
John Case: We do better on the subsequent then we do on the initial. And traditionally, the subsequent has done very well and is up and the initial is down. Roll overs, this year so far and the ones we have done are up about 3.3%. Modeling for the year will kind of just assuming that they will be pretty much flat. Traditionally, and this gets back very historical, we had rolled down. And the roll down, I think back in 2002, was about 24% in that peak. And one of the things that we did, started seeing in the mid-90s, is that roll down at the end of the lease was really starting to hit us, and this is in the mind-90s. And we dramatically changed how we acquire. Previous to that, everything we acquired was a new store, and we didn’t have cash flow coverages, and they were all less than investment grade. And we found they did pretty well throughout the lease, but at the end of the lease if we bought a bunch of new stores, about a third of them were below average, a third average and a third above. So we totally changed our underwriting in retail to pre-select those with high cash flow coverage and profits. So we would not preselect the one-third that were underperformers. So over the years what's happened is the burn that we get in lease rollover keeps declining pretty substantially. And yet the portfolio that’s rolling over is stuff that was bought still quite a bit ago, particularly the subsequent. So the last year there was a roll down of about 4%. And so far this year it's up 3% and we are thinking it will be closer to zero. And I think that’s a good way to think of it.
John Case: Well, yeah. That’s part of the answer, and then the other part is we did have some G&A reduction because some of the employees who were associated with the large multi-tenant asset we sold, effects that employee count if you will. So that kind of offset the number a little bit but got ahead in the last one (inaudible).
Paul Meurer: I think we will do better than the 7.5, we tend to model that conservatively depending on what we chose to sell later in the year.
Paul Meurer: Well, that was factored in the guidance. We just planned since it was only $100 million to do it on the line and then let the line balance run up a bit before we would consider a more permanent financing activity in concert with the acquisition deal flow run rate and what happens there. So we sit here today in very good shape in terms of what that line balance is and no imminent capital needs. But that would really at this point be dependent upon the acquisition deal flow and when that stuff closes.
Paul Meurer: Yes. We basically modeled it where we could do anything if you will at that time, equity preferred or debt.
Paul Meurer: Yeah, obviously, that’s associated with any portion of the mortgages that we assume that are above market. And the projections for the year is about $9.2 million. You see the quarterly amount, just trying to grab the AFFO page, indicated in here, just under $2 million that occurred in the quarter. But the projections for the year, right now based on the mortgages that we currently own is about $9.2 million. And that is an amount that we reduced from AFFO, in order to arrive a real bottom line cash flow amount for us.
Paul Meurer: Yeah, in the first quarter of our activity, 11 million of that was in development funding and funding of expansions on existing assets. And we have $21 million in development funding or banking. So it's a pretty small number relative to our overall size. But I don’t have the capitalized interest associated with that.
Paul Meurer: And most of that won't affect the 2013 estimate too much, Rich. But it will certainly increase the annualized run rate as we add in people over the course of the year on a go forward basis.
Paul Meurer: That’s always a mixed bag of interest income on cash if we do a capital raise and the cash sits around for a few days or a week if you will. Interest income in that sense also evenness in takings which are a normal part of the portfolio manager process. So if you have a situation where there’s an eminent domain or a portion of your parking lot, sometimes it doesn’t mean it affects the viability of the asset itself. It actually ends up being pretty positive proceeds that we receive in this situation. So that’s all that 1.4 is is a mixed bag of those items if you will. Nothing different about the normal business.
