Tom Lewis: Great. Thank you, Sheryl and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to the conference call and thank you for joining us. In the room with me today, I have Gary Malino, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Paul Meurer, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Mike Pfeiffer, our EVP, General Counsel; and Sumit Roy, our Executive Vice President, Acquisitions. And as always during this conference call, we will make certain statements that may be considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Law. The company’s actual future results may differ significantly from the matters discussed in the forward-looking statement. We will disclose in greater detail on the company’s Form 10-Q the factors that may cause such differences. And as is our custom, why don’t we start with Paul to walk through the quarter.
Tom Lewis: Well from an overall leverage standpoint Juan, we historically have run kind of in the – I’ll give a broad range for a second, 20% to 35% leverage range, 5% to 15% preferred, when I referred to 35% debt and 15% preferred I’m referring to maximum that we’re comfortable with relative to that. So today debts around 30%, preferreds around 5%, we obviously do have capacity in both buckets and certainly stayed in concert with issuing equity as well. We would continue to have capacity in those buckets, but we view maximum levels of kind of a 35% debt, 15% preferred. And actually preferred that they be more in the 25% debt level and in the 5% to 10% preferred level. So we have an all phrase we use internally which is go equity first so to the extent that common equity is well priced and accretive that’s something we would – always keep our eye on as something we’d be more likely to take a look at before we looked at the fixed income side.
Tom Lewis: Yes. And that was really pre the temper tantrum as somebody said at the other day, and the movement in the tenure because most of that that hit the market came in middle earlier the quarter and also came of course was structured before that in the decision to bring it to the market generally is a few months before that. And it’s a couple of things going on one is, is just there has been a growing knowledge of net lease sale and leaseback and I think that’s a function of a lot of the talk in the fourth quarter and the first quarter with bankers out calling on really Fortune 500 and – every tenant they have or every company they have about using the real estate take it up balance sheet. So just a wider knowledge of using sales and leaseback is part of the capital structure by corporations. I think also there is just been a lot of potential M&A transactions a number of those had been noted in the press and, those came to market and I think it was also representative the companies are figuring out the rates are pretty good, and it might be a good time to do it if you’re going to couple with some of the private REITs or fund business that is really the part of the cycle where they need to come to market and the confluence evolve so one time led to a lot coming on the market very quickly. A lot of that will get done, got done some of it won’t and then when the tenure moved you saw the – saw cap rates move a bit. But it was just a heavy quarter and it was all of those things coming together and I don’t think we’re going to see that this quarter and next quarter but the volume still remains very elevated over where it was a couple of years ago.R.J. Milligan – Raymond James & Associates: So, it’s slowed since the middle of May or…
Tom Lewis: Yes, I mean $15 billion is a ridiculous number. But if you go back again two, three years ago I think $5 billion a year was the number and it’s certainly running way the heck ahead of that. It’s still very strong. We saw $5 billion in the first quarter and assume you want to hazard a guess so what you think we’ll see in the third and fourth…R.J. Milligan – Raymond James & Associates: Subset of the $5 billion for the remainder of the year.
Tom Lewis: Yeah no I mean we’re just taking them as we come. As I said, we’re really happy Sumit Roy, who is running acquisitions and John Case our Chief Investment Officer kind of took our acquisition group and split them up into different areas earlier in the year. And we’re very happy with kind of the granular one-offs that we’re able to bring in much more than in the past. And that’s really led from the reliance I think for us on larger transactions but we’re pretty happy with the volumes coming in. So, we don’t feel compelled to go out and grab them. But we’re more trying to watch what’s really steaming up out there and what would fit. And then when those come wanting to make sure that we pursue them fairly aggressively and on the other ones not a high level of interest if it doesn’t fit, where we’re trying to take the portfolio.Jonathan Pong – Robert W. Baird: Got it. That’s helpful. Thanks a lot.
Tom Lewis: Yeah I’m sure that there were sort of things that we didn’t see particularly smaller but those are all of the things that came in the door that would reasonably be assumed that they would fit into categories that we would buy. And then we started screening and from there what happens is the acquisition group and they all have financial backgrounds do the initial screening, understanding our objectives. And they can start throwing things out pretty quick with just a day or two looking at them and trying to be more selective with what we then released and it goes over to research, the financial analysis are done and we get deep into it and then goes to the investment committee from there. So, that is the all-in kind of number of everything we see that is net lease that Realty Income would look at the category, look at the type of tenant that comes in the door.
Tom Lewis: Yes. And the comfort level for the $1.25 billion is really taking those and the ones that we pursued and we are going to get and kind of looking at the timing and closing and that’s how we kind of jump from the $866 to $1.25. And there is a few exceptions but then you really want to start thinking that anything additional will come from what we’re looking at right now not what we look at last quarter.
Tom Lewis: No, actually we believe they both moved. We’ve seen a lot of volume in it and that was the major point of our discussion a few days ago sitting there just parsing everything coming in the door. So, we’ve seen it across the board.
Tom Lewis: Great. Well again thank you everybody for your patience. It was a very active quarter and we really appreciate you taking the time with us and with Sheryl I want to thank you for your help there and this will conclude my part of the call.
