Sumit Roy: So, thanks for the question, Josh. Indoor farming, as part of the revolution that we are seeing in ag tech is something that we've been looking at for the better part of a year now. And specifically working with Plenty to try to understand their technology and how they're going to play in the ecosystem in terms of delivering crops in a much, much more efficient manner than traditional farming. If you look at ag tech and you look at vertical farming within this space, this is estimated to be a $50 billion industry over the next few years. And Plenty has a very established position within this particular vertical. If you look at some of the sponsorship that they have, it's with companies like Walgreens, Albertsons, and Driscoll’s. These are some of the largest grocers and providers of end product to grocery stores. And Walmart has also invested directly in this company, along with [technical difficulty] from which they're going to be served the end product. So, they have a lot of institutional sponsorship. We've gotten to know the company very well. And at the end of the day, it's a $42 million investment, very well-located industrial location happens to be very adjacent to an Amazon box.  And we felt very comfortable based on the risk-adjusted return profile across various different scenarios that this was going to be a solid real estate investment. Having said all of that, one of the phrase that was used internally, the cherry on the top was the fact that this aligns with our value system as well, the value of giving more than we take. We genuinely believe that ag tech and vertical farming, specifically is going to have a big role to play in a world that continues to be resource constrained, yield constrained, water constrained and continued deficiency of arable land going forward.  So, for all of those reasons, we got very comfortable with Plenty as an operator, and more importantly, this particular vertical within ag tech as an industry to pursue.
Sumit Roy: Sure. So, we are a real estate company, Josh, first and foremost. So that's all we are going to be investing in. Any equipment, all of the technology, et cetera, that is Plenty's responsibility. And so, none of the $42 million will go towards that. The $1 billion is a number that we hope to be able to invest with this name, which if we do would mean that this technology has become a success, and more importantly, this [technical difficulty] its position as one of the leaders in vertical farming. The investment itself has a much longer horizon, I would say, potentially the next five years. But keep in mind that any subsequent investment beyond the $42 million is on -- is at our option. And so obviously, we are going to approach this partnership from a purely real estate perspective. But a perspective that we do believe needs to partner with these types of technologies in order for these technologies to be successful. But ultimately, the real estate needs to work for us on a risk-adjusted return basis. And if that does, we are happy to help a company like Plenty continue to establish itself as a front runner in this space.
Sumit Roy: Yes. So, when we're talking about consumer-centric medical, we're talking about stuff that we are already currently exposed to and adding a few more areas around the edges. So, what are those areas? Like we are already exposed to drug stores, but drugstores of yesterday is not the drug store of tomorrow. What you've probably heard in the press both Walgreens and CVS are investing very heavily to continue to take share of the physician -- the general physician services. And this is an incredibly fragmented area of the business, and they are investing multibillion dollars in their health hub, minute clinics, et cetera, to [Indiscernible] be able to provide those services.  And so that will continue to be an area, infusion centers, dialysis, eye care, dental care, pediatric care, behavioral facilities, urgent care, those are all concepts that have gained tremendous momentum, especially post pandemic, and will continue to gain momentum as a method of delivering health care to the end consumer. And the belief here is that the per capita health care cost that we in this country experience is essentially 2 times the average of what an OECD company -- country experiences. And how do we continue to bring that down? And factors like convenience, being closer to the consumer, making sure that there is a relationship that can be established. So, issues can be addressed on the front end rather than when it becomes an issue later on in life. I mean, today, if you look at the U.S. health care, only 30% of the population actually has a general physician that they can identify as their own. 70% don't have one, and this goes back to preventative care as being a precursor to reducing the cost of health care. And that is the business model that we have embraced that we believe will be -- in addition to the traditional ways of delivering health care will be a very important step in helping reduce cost. And so, anything that sort of lends - any concept that lends itself to this will be open season for us. And what we have then looked at it is to try to analyze the actual boxes that these types of facilities are housed in. And what we found was that there is a 90% -- and I mentioned this in my prepared remarks, there's a 90% overlap with locations and boxes that we have in terms of size, in terms of [Indiscernible] et cetera. And there are a whole slew of variables that we looked at. And these assets that lend themselves to consumer-centric medical. And so, there are a lot of synergies. It is incredibly fragmented. It's a $1.8 trillion market today, expected to grow to $2 trillion by 2027. And it's all about increasing our total addressable market, using our core strength that we bring to the table to help consolidate the market and continue to sort of redefine what net lease investing is. And this is a perfect example  [Technical difficulty]  you had -- if you were saying something post the end of my answer, we missed all of that. So, you're back on.
Sumit Roy: Yes, Tony. We actually put out some numbers on January 9, we put out, I think, a pro sup when we were offering the unsecured bonds, where we shared the pipeline with you, and then the pipeline included transactions under contract and accepted LOIs. And that was circa $1.3 billion worth of transactions, a 7.1% cash cap rate. So clearly, what we are talking about in terms of finally the cap rates moving is now manifesting itself in the pipeline that we have created or we had created until that point.  And now more stepping back and more generally speaking, we have seen about 100 basis points plus/minus movement in cap rates, which we expected given that if you look at even 14 of the top 20 clients that we have, who have bonds that are trading, you look at what their spreads have done over the last, call it, eight months, nine months, those have gapped out about 100 basis points. So not that, that symmetry is perfectly congruous, but it seems to have been at least in terms of how cap rates have played out. So, you should be expecting to see those numbers being realized starting in the first quarter of 2023.
Sumit Roy: Greg, that's a great question. Look, -- the -- if you look at the organic market and you've mentioned CIM and some of the other transactions that we've talked about already, there are very good transactions to be had at incredibly good risk-adjusted returns. Having said that, if there's an opportunity on the M&A front where you're able to realize similar economics, I don't see that as being mutually exclusive to be able to pursue both avenues of ultimately what we are charter to do, which is grow the business. But it does have that backdrop to compete against as an opportunity cost when we are looking at M&A. But I don't see there being less M&A because of the environment we find ourselves in. It's just the question of are we going to have partners who are willing to see the big picture, we're willing to see that being part of a particular pro forma company is better for the outlook than not. I think those are the elements that need to sort of play out on the sellers' behalf, in order to perpetuate M&A transactions. But look, we are very happy going down the path that we have -- that we are going down. We did $9 billion of acquisitions last year. I would say that, that's probably -- if you look at companies in our sector that takes care of 80%, 90% of what companies are in terms of their total size. So, we don't have to do M&A in order to continue to grow our business. self, and it makes sense for us to pursue that. We are not going to shy away from that either.
Sumit Roy: They're certainly out there. The debt capital markets continues to be a constraint for them and their ability to react quickly in this market. I think certainty of close over the last six months has taken on a very different focus for potential buyers who, for a variety of reasons won't monetize their real estate.  And somebody like us, especially when it comes to bigger deals that can have that certainty of close that does not rely on the debt capital markets to finance their deals. I think has a distinct advantage which truth be told has played out in our favor over the last few months. And so yes, private equity will obviously start to sniff around given the higher cap rate environment. But I still don't think that their cost of capital is as competitive as ours and our ability to close still, I believe, stands out when potential sellers have to evaluate who to partner with.
Sumit Roy: Yes, that's a great question, Spenser. It doesn't have a perfect answer. If you look at the fourth quarter, we didn't do a lot of volume in Europe, circa $350 million, but they had a substantially higher cap rate. And the dynamic that played out there was essentially redemption issues that a lot of funds started to face towards the end of the year.  And that sort of precipitated monetizing their real estate portfolios to help meet those redemption issues, which obviously created an opportunity for somebody like us who, again, does not rely on the debt capital markets, is able to do transactions fairly quickly. And that's what resulted in that much higher cap rate. Because for the longest time in Europe, things were not moving. And that's the reason why the volume was only $387.9 [indiscernible], essentially happened towards the later part of the year, happened very quickly because of the specific dynamics. In the U.S., the trend has been slowly moving in this direction. And again, I think I mentioned this during our third quarter call, much faster than it had traditionally moved when you have a rising interest rate environment. And that's just because so much of the capital was pulled out of the market that it pushed specially sellers who are inclined to monetize their real estate, continuing going down that path has allowed for the cap rates to move.  Having said all of that, I do believe that where we find ourselves today is more of a bottoming out of that continued movement of expanding cap rates. And it's settling in the 6.5%, 7% for some of the products. Of course, there are still products that's trading in the high-5s. There's still some one-off assets that's trading in the low-5s, maybe even in the high-4s. We, in fact, sold one of our QSR assets with a 4% in front of it in terms of cap rates. So those markets, we will ignore because those are the tail areas of the cap rate environment. But by and large, we have seen this movement in cap rates play out and it's now starting to mentioned.
Sumit Roy: Yes. I wonder what your sources are, Spencer. We really don't want to talk about transactions that we don't have under contract. So -- we may or may not be involved in the transaction that you've mentioned. We can't speak to anything, which is a hypothesis or just a rumor in the industry. Sorry about that.
Sumit Roy: I think you've sort of answered the question that you asked, Haendel. Ultimately, this is a game of finding the best risk-adjusted returns, just like you said, and the fact that something tends to be investment grade is an output of that underwriting. It's not something that we seek out. And the counter to what you're seeing in the fourth quarter is a CIM transaction, for instance. Here, we have an $894 million transaction with 48% of the rent coming from investment grade. And we were able to get a healthy cap rate. So that number is going to continue to move. In fact, if you were to just look at the $3.9 billion we did in the fourth quarter and like you did exclude the wind transaction, and one of -- a couple of the larger portfolio transactions that we did, that particular investment-grade number would be right up in the high 40s. So, that's going to fluctuate quarter-by-quarter. And what we need to get comfortable with is based on the risk that we are assuming and part of which is the credit risk are we being appropriately compensated. And if the answer comes back, yes, based on expected outcomes, then we are very comfortable continuing to pursue those transactions.
Sumit Roy: Look, Italy, as a country, definitely has more risk. But again, -- just like when we invested in the grocery business during the midst of Brexit, and we were very particular about the industry and more importantly, the operator within that industry that we were partnering with. If you look at Metro AG, it's an investment grade, very profitable, very well-established business, which is pan-European, I believe it's headquartered in Germany, and it controls 26% of the wholesale business in Italy. They have been established since the early 1970s in some of our locations. And so this is a business that we feel very comfortable with. Think of Metro as a combination of Costco and Cisco. Costco is very much retail-oriented and Cisco is much more professionally oriented. Both those businesses types of businesses is served out of Metro, and that's not going anywhere despite some of the additional country-specific risk that might exist in Italy. There are structural advantages as well that I'm not going to bore you with, which makes Italy a very interesting place to invest. But we are going to be very particular, just like we were in the U.K. and we were in Spain as to who we partner with, what are the concepts that we are going to be exposing ourselves to. And at the end of the day, what is the risk-adjusted return profile, look, taking into account some of these risks in some cases, additional risk that won't takes going into these new countries. But we feel very good about the investment that we've made with Metro in Italy.
Sumit Roy: No, it wasn't all of $350 million. $350 million was the total investment that we made in Europe. I believe the Metro was €165 million or €165 million was the Metro investment. Most of the other investments were in the U.K.
Sumit Roy: You've got the blended cap rate, I believe, in the supplemental. It was 100 basis points north of what we did in the U.S., 7.1% cap rate. Sure.
Sumit Roy: That's a great question, Ron, especially entering into 2023 with so much uncertainty. Look, our biggest focus right now is on Cineworld and how that's going to -- what that resolution is going to look like. I do believe that whatever that outcome is, it's going to play out within the next few months. It's been in bankruptcy now for the better part of four months, and we have been in negotiations with them, and we'll leave it at that. Outside of that, if you look at our overall -- and again, this is something we share in the supplemental our cash flow coverages, full wall cash flow coverages, those have continued to trend up, largely a function of some of our existing clients continuing to outperform. Companies like Albertsons, et cetera, have continued to generate EBITDA growth on a four-wall basis, and therefore, those coverages have continued to improve. Some of the new transactions that we have entered into have very healthy four-wall coverage ratios. And this is, again, it very much ties in with the comment that I think it might have been handled was talking about why are we doing so many noninvestment-grade. If you look at it from a real estate perspective and you suddenly have coverages north of 4x, 5x in sound businesses, but they don't have an investment-grade rating given their size. Those are businesses that we will pursue. And so that's the reason why our four-wall coverage ratio is now close to 2.9x and it was in the 2.5 or about a year ago. So the health continues to be fairly good. If you look at what is there on our watch list, it's about 4% of our rent is on the tenant watch list. And as you can imagine, a lot of it is driven by the theater business. A lot of the theater assets are on our watch list. And in some cases, we also have assets that may not have a credit issue, but there is a location risk associated with what will happen at the end of the lease term, given the changing demographics, changing competitive landscape, et cetera, et cetera. So that constitutes our 4%, which is slightly higher than what it was a few quarters ago. And it's largely a function of what's happening in the theater space and what we expect will happen in a continued high interest rate environment.
Sumit Roy: Yes. So, we are very proud to own this beautiful asset in Boston. We just had a demonstration internally about our presence on LinkedIn and Twitter. And when we posted the news release around closing on this asset, we had a huge jump in following. So clearly, it was appreciated by the audience following Realty Income, and we are very proud to have this partnership with win. They are great operators. They are very good to sort of continue to understand and learn about this particular industry, and we hope to grow this industry. We didn't do this as a one-off opportunistic transaction. And -- it's very much in line with looking for the best operators and trying to get assets that are going to be icons for the given operator, but even outside of that. And I think we have checked all of those boxes on the Boston asset. But finding those types of assets will continue to be we are focused on. And as you can imagine, we have received several inbounds. But for a variety of reasons, we haven't chosen to pursue them because they don't need all of the attributes that we are looking for. So, we will be selective in this industry, but we would absolutely love to grow it over time.
Sumit Roy: End up looking at Oak Street Health, for instance, that CVS ended up buying and they want to monetize some of those real estate then yes, by default, we are going to ask for CVS' credit on this $10 billion transaction that they just consummated. Walgreens has done a similar transaction. Amazon just announced that they did a similar transaction. Yes, it is precisely what we are talking about. We are calling it consumer-centric because we are approaching it from a pure state perspective and trying to find what are the alternatives of the locations that we have already -- and how does -- what are the synergies with this new vertical that we're pursuing. It's certainly not looking at what traditional health care companies are focused on. That's not our forte. That's not our strength. And that has really no interest to us today. But it is the value-based health care that a lot of forward thinking health care companies, operators, health care operators are pursuing. And the derivative of that will be the real estate. It could be our existing pharmacies that are going to be repositioned to health hubs and minute clinics. That's already happening. There's continued enhancement, there's continued higher impediments to switching costs that are getting created. Those are all perfect for us. That's embedded value that doesn't get realized day one, but we love to see that happen. And we also want to be intentional about growing the portfolio by doing the types of transactions that we did in the fourth quarter in this particular area because we do believe in it.
Sumit Roy: We've certainly done redevelopment funding, Wes. If you look at our pipeline dollars today and some of that is repositioning of our existing assets. And we've done some in-house. We've done a lot of it with partners, national partners that we have. And those have been some of the best recapture rates that we have achieved in our portfolio. So when we talk about this 90% overlap in terms of real estate characteristics, of the locations that we currently own and some of these consumer-centric medical concepts, that certainly lends itself to repositioning some of our assets for highest and best use. And we define highest and best use in terms of rent per square foot that we could recapture for a given location that we already own. And so yes, I'd hope to be able to partner with these operators, show some of our existing vacancies, potential vacancies that are going to come down the pike. And reposition these locations to help provide these types of services. So yes, that is out of a value-enhancing proposition that we're going to explore.
Sumit Roy: That's a very good question, Michael. It's a question that we've asked ourselves. There is a traditional definition of what a net lease company does. And yes, we can certainly be mandated and dictated by that or there was a way for us to step back and say, look, if we look at Realty Income, what is our core strength today, our size and scale, which people have continued to point to as impediments to growth. If you look at the last four years, we've grown our business at 5% CAGR annually. And if you look at the business, this question has been asked for the last 10 years was, we are going to take what has been used by The Street as an impediment and see if we can garner value for us shareholders, and let's just ask the question, what is it that we can do with the core strength of size, scale, cost of capital, that will be difficult for other companies to follow. And if the answer was, sorry, you're constrained by your business model and this is all you should do, and this is all you can do, that would have been the answer. But what we found once we started last the question around redefining this particular space is that there's plenty for us to do. And we are only constrained by our ability to be creative. And ultimately, if we continue to underwrite these verticals and look at it from the perspective of real estate and look at it from the perspective of a net lease suddenly, the answers that start to pop up are very different. And it allows you to do things and allows you to be very creative and create outsized riches for our shareholders. That with due respect, a lot of our peers are going to struggle trying to mimic. They just don't have the scale. And so, if we can help consolidate real estate, through a net lease structure, that is really the only governing principle that should be constraining us. And ultimately be able to show to the shareholders that on a risk-adjusted return, these are as safe, if not in some cases, safer than investing in traditional retail net lease businesses, then it's a win-win. So that's how we are thinking about the business, Michael. And you will continue to see us be very creative. But like I've always done, and like this team here has always done, we will engage with you to share our thesis. And by the way, I do highly encourage everyone to go to the new deck, the investor deck, where we've laid out our thesis in more detail, and you'll see some numbers around -- and you'll find that this is what I think people invest in Realty Income for, and we are just delivering on that promise.
Sumit Roy: So John, the best way to answer that is any real estate development outside of a carve-out for one particular client that I mentioned already, which is a user of their end product, we basically get to take a look at the opportunity. And then if we wish not to pursue it, we don't have to. But we, as their real estate partner will be given an opportunity to look at any real estate development that they enter into over the next five or six years. There's a time frame associated with that. But ultimately, the goal here is to continue to invest because that would mean that they are becoming a more and more successful operator within vertical farming, and we are their real estate partner going forward. But yes, so it is a concept of the optionality lies with us in terms of how much more we invest.
Sumit Roy: So it's not rated. It was a situation where you had the operator own both the operations as well as the real estate. And this was a mechanism for them to monetize their real estate and continue to invest in the operations of the business. I think we are very constrained by what it is that we can share. This was a highly negotiated transaction but it is one that we are very excited about. And this is, again, an advent into this consumer-centric medical real estate in a big way, and we felt like it was large enough for us to sort of engage in and talk about, but we can't be more specific than that. You know what our overall cap rate was for the quarter, and this was a very small component of it, given that it was a $4 million quarter. But that's the extent of what we can do about it.
Sumit Roy: Greg is sitting right here, and he's already -- he's been with us about 1.5 months, and he's already added so much value to all of our discussions. It's very bright mind and now he's going to start blushing, but he's somebody that I've respected. I've known Greg for the last -- I guess now it's almost 15 years. And he has a perspective that he brings to the table that is very unique and is going to be incredibly additive to all of us. Look, our business is becoming more and more complicated. We are becoming a bigger and bigger organization. We need talented people to continue to that. But the most important thing about Greg, in my mind is his integrity and his ability to -- and his leadership qualities and his ability to mentor -- those are all qualities that will be put to good use, especially with the next batch of leaders that we are cultivating internally and he will be a massive help in accelerating them to very senior leadership positions within the Company, which, by the way, this company will need in order to continue to execute its strategy and plan.
Sumit Roy: It depends on the type of leases that we have. I will tell you that, for example, an industrial lease tends to have structural and roof responsibilities, that's on the landlord. And so obviously, CapEx there, not maintenance CapEx necessarily, but just CapEx in general -- is going to be higher. Now some of it will be viewed as maintenance. Some of it will be viewed as improving the life of the real estate. So the categorization of that CapEx may be different, but it is very much a function of the lease. I would say that in the U.K., there is even on the retail side, there is not perfectly what we call quad net assets. So we do have a lot more leakage. But lot more leakage is a relative term to very little leakage here in the U.S. And so all said and done, it's not a big part of our business. It's something that we share. It's part of the AFFO. And again, all of that is underwritten when we are thinking about the long-term return profile of investments that we make, obviously take into consideration on the front end before moving forward on transactions.
Sumit Roy: Yes. Tayo, it's not a perfect science. You've put forth two data points that we've shared with you that are polar opposites. How in this backdrop of uncertainty we have four-wall coverages that continue to improve, yet we are doing less and less of investment grade, but that goes back to the underwriting. And I already mentioned to you that there are a couple of retail names that are not investment-grade but to have coverages north of 5x. And again, it's a question of are these businesses that we are comfortable with. With the backdrop of this high interest rate environment, we are not going to be doing transactions where you're going to have an operator that doesn't have a business model that can sustain what we are going to experience, especially in the near term because that would not be good.
Sumit Roy: You missed it. Somebody else asked us about the watch list. It's right around 4%. You brought up Red Lobster, there were rumors around that Red Lobster was trying to negotiate rents with landlords, I can unequivocally tell you that, that is not the case, at least they haven't reached approached us. There certainly was assets that they have closed again, none of which impacted our portfolio. And there are some challenges with that operation. It represents about 1% of our rent. But again, I do think that some of the missteps that they had made in the third, fourth quarter of last year have essentially been reversed. They were slow to make pricing adjustments. They have rectified that. And they are managing their inventory much better and all of those should result in better performance. But I just wanted to make sure that we were talking about facts and not rumors that have percolated in the rumor mill.
Sumit Roy: Well, thank you, Dave, for hosting us, and thank you, everyone, for joining in. I look forward to seeing you guys in the upcoming conferences. Take care.
