Tom Lewis: Thank you, Joe. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to our conference call. We will go throw the operations and results for the third quarter and year to-date. With me in the ring today as usually is Gary Malino, our President, Paul Meurer, our EVP and CFO, John Case, our EVP and Chief investment Office and Mike Pfeiffer, our EVP and General Counsel. And as always during this call, we will make certain statements that may be considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Law and the company’s actual future results may differ significantly from the matters discussed in the forward-looking statements, we’ll disclose in greater detail in the company’s Form 10-Q, the factors that could cause the differences. And as usual Mr. Meurer will start with the review of the numbers,
Tom Lewis: Yeah, it’s, if you look at casual dining they’re a very good example. I was looking at some numbers yesterday relative to food prices this year that have been moving up pretty aggressively. And if you look at the grocers, they’ve been able to pass a lot of that on, I think was about 6% increases in food prices at grocery stores. But if you look at restaurants they haven’t been able to pass it on and consumers have been pretty tied with their wallets, wallet to the restaurants. And so, you’re seeing their cost move up and they’re not able to pass it on. And I think it’s really starting to wear on their margins. And so that’s one area that’s kind of upfront for us. And we think other areas in consumer discretion that are impacted by commodity cost are similar. The other ones, and I also mentioned, is if you just look at kind of the big box that tends to be discretionary purchase. We look at them and you continue to see the growth of Internet retailing and that’s kind of front and center right now as we move into the holidays, and we think their business could be a little weak. But it’s primarily consumer discretionary, middle class, lower class, and I try to light on restaurants. Normally fast food does very well in a downturn but I think even they’re having trouble kind of passing it all along.
Tom Lewis: I think it would take a pretty good drop in the economy on one side. But John mentioned the high yield market, while it’s had a little bit of resurgence in the last week or so, has been weak, but still breathing and CMBS has been very weak. And a lot of times Paul has used the term we like those markets breathing but not too robust, because it helps transactions to happen and yet it makes our type of financing very attractive. And even though they’ve been very weak we found that people have really started turning to net lease. So those markets came back very strong. It would be a mixed bag. I think we would see a lot more transaction activity out there. But the debt markets would be much more competitive. So that’s one thing to watch or if we just get a big double dip and the economy pull us down. But it’s a fairly active environment for people viewing their real estate as a source of capital today are very active.
Tom Lewis: Oh, yes, yes, yes, there was Realmax and that’s (inaudible) and Falcao. We didn’t pay that much attention to it but they are kind of larger billings like that hurt a bit. It’s been a pretty good year as we said throughout the year was pretty quite out there. But, I think in the restaurant industry particularly you can see some more but so far it is been pretty good for the landlords and continued for us. We keep her running tall bankruptcies and if you look at the fourth quarter, I have only got four on my list and I have got five in the third quarter and before that there would be 8 or 10 or 12 in retail. So it’s been a fairly short list and so not a lot to work with recently. We think we will work out pretty well in the one we are working on and generally if you didn’t over paid too much it shouldn’t be that bad. So I don’t want to ring a bell that everything is getting negative it’s just, it’s really been nearly quite for about a year here in the portfolio and it was nice to see the economy come back a bit. But it’s not really running forward hard with some commodity price increases we just kind of saying somebody got to be impacted by this, if they are not able to pass through to the consumer ultimately those costs.
Tom Lewis: Yes, I mean, we have hired people on research and then we have hired people that have background in those areas and we continue to work very hard on all of that a lot of it is just expanding a corporate underwriting, we have done for many years in retail and fortunately our people are – credit people being trained in and able to move outside of retail pretty good. The other area that we will down the road is portfolio management but that’s something that really comes later, we have 28 people in that department which is up substantially in the last 7, 8 years dealing with retail, so we would anticipate if you look for five years down the road, we will have to widen it there. But it’s really three, four people on acquisitions who have some background in that and then a couple of people in research.
Tom Lewis: Really not that much, I think just for anybody I think most people are aware that Friendly's filed a couple of weeks ago and we have 121 properties that are about 3.6% of rent. We bought starting 10 years ago 138 and 140 of those units we sold off a number of them which got us down to the 121 to-date. They filed rejected 15 properties which equates to about $1.3 million of rent which we will have now available to us to go back and release. But as its normal in these processes I think this is the 24th filing we have had since going public of this type and we’ve got fairly strong retention rates of rents up in the 80% and generally we feel pretty good about these processes, we have done a lot of them. But now we have to just wait and let it work. There kind of two issues that will go on. One is obviously as we work through this process there are some negotiation that goes on. So talking about what we would perceive as an eventual outcome is not probably the best strategy there. And then we found it very useful to try and stay very involved in the process and our General Counsel is Co-Chair of the Creditors Committee and obviously that requires non-disclosure agreements as it goes through the process in the Court of Delaware. But, as the Court decides anything that can be seen publicly and then over the next few quarters, if this works out we will fully report. We feel pretty good about the properties we own relative to the profitability of what we have paid and with expectations we’ll pretty well. And we did build that end of the disclosure as well as some assumptions that there would be other one next year.
Tom Lewis: At the moment, not right now, I think we’re okay to use leverage right now. We’ve been reducing it a bit as you’ve seen debt fall from about 35% down to 27%, 28%. But we’re more focused on the maturities of that. If you start again worrying about interest rates over five to ten years, you look at your maturity schedule. So we’re fine adding debt like we did earlier in the year, where we opened up $150 million of our 2035. So we’re comfortable with more leverage, a little bit more leverage. So if we’re going to do, we would like the duration to be fairly lengthy, but don’t want it to get too high.
Tom Lewis: Yeah, we put, the Board put a policy in 1994 when we went public, 17 years ago, that we didn’t want leverage debt over 35% kind of gross assets, market cap, and we didn’t want preferred over 10% and we stayed inside of that and that hasn’t changed.
Tom Lewis: Yeah, generally we would like it to get up $150 million plus before we do something. And we just did a fair amount of equity, we’ve done kind of four in the last year, it’s just under $1 billion, and well the prices were very good and they were very accretive transaction relative to the impact to cash flow. And we’re not in a hurry to rush into one right now. And so we would like to do some additional acquisitions build the line of debt and then watch for things go. We took the opportunity this year to add to the equity base substantially.
Tom Lewis: My sense is, is in this business when you have a large portfolio and you’re trying to put it out and at the best price. You do that better on a one-off basis kind as you go along one at a time. That was our experience we learned from Crest, when we bought 30, 40 at a time, put them out one at a time, and that’s how we would probably want to do it. So we’ve got, out of the tenant base, maybe 70 tenants of decent size, and we’re going through and passing them very carefully given a lot of metrics, and refinance the balance sheet and how we feel about the industry and our position with them and how much debt when it comes to a wide variety of metrics. And then rating from top to bottom, and if you put them into kind of four quartiles and looked at the bottom quartile, you would say cheap. We’re going to be lovely five to ten years from now those one in the portfolio, and then you’ve to look at your growth rates and making sure you deliver for the investors, while you’re doing it, and to the extent that acquisitions are good, the portfolio performs, you can do that at accelerated rate. And that if it doesn’t maybe at a little slower rate. So I think it will be just picking out really a group of tenants in the lower quartile and then there is a separate project we have to take all 2600 properties and put a rating on them for the market they’re in, for what we paid, for what the cash flow coverages are, how much we’ve less than lease, and when you marry those two together, ultimately they become a mix of tenant and property, but over the coming years we would like to accelerate those sales but it will be a function of how much we can do and still maintain a decent growth rate and dividend growth.
Tom Lewis: I think it’s possible, but I don’t think that’s in the cards at all for 2012 and that’s probably aggressive for 2013. But it will all depend on the growth rate, because if you’re adding a lot, on the high credit side, it gives you a lot of flexibility to still pose pretty good numbers and accelerate it. But there were years in Crest, where I think we had $130 million as inventory in 2007 and we got it all out of the door in about a year. And those were in right sized properties of $1 million to $2 million. So we’ve done it before, but I wouldn’t look forward to ’12, because we’re still crunching the numbers and in the middle of the analysis.
Tom Lewis: Great question. I would assume if our guys lag, because that’s almost always what happen, you’ll start seeing your line cost rising, and we -- it hasn’t been happening but we put I think 10 basis points in for it to go up on a regular basis. And so your line cost go first, your permanent financing cost go second, and the net lease cap rates tend to lag, that’s true on the way up and the way down. So for modeling for us or anybody in the business that be our best cap that’s what we’ve seen over the years.
Tom Lewis: $67 million. There was $90 million we thought we would be left with, but we’ve been to pair that down. And so $67 million you said. So we’re about $67 million above where we would like to be. And but that doesn’t mean we wouldn’t if a portfolio came in and have some secured debt, we take it, but as we do hit here, we will do our debt immediately to payoff everything that we can payoff without it being just a huge economic drain, and then paying off the balance as fast as we can. So we don’t want to say it will preclude us from doing a portfolio, but at the same time we’re not looking to add it, and we would like to get rid of it as soon as we can. We like a unsecured balance sheet strategy.
Tom Lewis: Yeah, if you look at the cash flow coverages on our recent purchases they’ve been 20, 30, 40 basis points higher than the last few years. So you’re really looking up in the very high twos as where we’re pointing into the threes if we can get it. But, and it changes from industry to industry but we’ve been trying to really adjust that up because that’s the kind of lesson that’s investment grade retail and then obviously up in the other areas we’re looking for investment grade credit.
Tom Lewis: Thank you very much. I know it’s a busy earning season and we appreciate the time spent and look forward to seeing many of you coming up at NAREIT some other function. Thank you very much and thank you Joe.
John Case: Yeah, I think the tightest rent coverage you come back to casual dining and kind of the restaurant sector overall. And again, as I just said that’s where the margin compression is going on. So that’s kind of front and center as we look at it. And as we put that in there, we have a couple decent size exposures. But tenant gets into a lot of little ones. And so that wasn’t meant to be somebody at 5%, it could be one at 5%, two at 2.50%, and we just thought it was, it’s time to be a little more conservative in that area. But restaurants are kind of front and center, but when you get out of basic human needs, kind of a C-stores and the rest of it, it’s, I think their business is weakening a little bit and I was buoyed by things and higher GDP numbers but I’m not sure if I’m really believe them, we will see how that revise.
John Case: Yeah, I will tell you sort of what we are currently seeing right now is predominantly retail and we are seeing in queue investment grade distribution centers, but we would expect obviously based on what we are seeing now 80% of our acquisitions next year could be retail oriented acquisitions in our traditional industries and property types. But that can change with one large significant portfolio.
John Case: Yeah if you look at this year its kind of interesting, 55% of what we’ve acquired to-date is retail, 21% distribution, 17% office, 6% manufacturing and 1% to 2% industrial. But the vast majority of that came through that one transaction with ECM and its interesting thus over the last quarter or two, we thought we could see moderation in the number of kind of traditional retail transactions come up and they are actually accelerating a bit, so we have to take this transaction flow right now and look forward, it would be heavily retail or the smattering of some investment grade in other areas, but as John said one transaction can change that.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Well I think it’d probably go back up to where everybody pretty much have it before we first guided and which is lower, but as I’ve said earlier Tayo and there is one analyst I know who has talked about capital recycling a lot, which is you I think that’s something that’s coming up and the level and the amount of capital recycling we can do which I think does burn off some FFO, if things are better and there isn’t as much tenant activity and if acquisitions are a little higher I think we’d take the opportunity to do and then hopefully stay about where we are today. So I think that’s a – I can say it’s slower, but that was a message we are trying to give.
Unidentified Company Speaker: It’s well – it’s very much credit quality when we move outside of retail because in retail you can have the four walled EBITDA cash flow coverage, which can give you a lot of protection even when working with some weaker tenants and when you get outside of retail you can get at a case only, but it’s a little harder to tie down, so we think its absolutely necessary to go up the curve and then kind of our greatest comfort level to-date relative to the other areas has been distribution. As we’ve done with Diageo there is a fair amount of the agriculture that you see ended up 4.6%, its pretty much all the Diageo. That’s very comfortable, that’s a function of where it is and who the tenant is. So I would say tenant first and going up the credit curve to investment grade and when we get outside of retail and that’s our intention and distribution most comfortable out of - of that group and probably manufacturing industrial after that, probably office last.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Yeah that - for us that’s a ballpark four to five year feeling and its one of those things or once you are – well that’s what’s the objective and so 20% is a good initial number, when we are off to a good start, but it is so underwriting specific that the number could freeze where it is if we weren’t able to pull good investment grade stuff in, but if we were able to pull investment grade in then higher would be okay too because there is a strong desire to do two things right now, one is when working within retail to have even higher cash flow coverages up above 2.5 where I think over the last few years its been in the 2.3 million to 2.5 million, and or go up the credit curve. And that’s really a function of looking forward and understanding in the last 20 years that a lot of these less and less NAREIT retailers have to wend at their back if you were in a declining interest rate environment. And if you look forward we’re fairly close to zero to-date in interest rates. And so the expectation that you might have see a higher interest rates in the future, were kind of undertaking a big project to look at the impact for all of our tenants, if they had to refinance their balance sheets over five to ten year period at 300 basis points higher in permanent financing costs and 600 basis points higher. So to the extent that we’re working on retail, we would like higher coverages and to the extent we can, we would like to go up the credit curve whether it’s in or out of retail.
