Sumit Roy: Thank you, John. During the fourth quarter of 2014, we invested $158 million in 82 properties, approximately $1.9 million per property located in 26 states at an average initial cash cap rate of 7.1% and with a weighted average lease term of 14.6 years. As a reminder, our initial cash cap rates or cash not GAAP which tend to be higher due to straight lining of rent.  We define cash cap rates as contractual cash net operating income for the first 12 months of each lease following the acquisition date, divided by the total cost of the property including all expenses borne by Realty Income. On a revenue basis, 32% of total acquisitions are from investment grade tenants and 68% of the revenues are from non-investment grade retail tenants. 87% of the revenues are generated from retail, and 13% are from industrial and distribution. These assets are leased to 23 different tenants in 19 industries. Some of the most significant industries represented our quick service restaurants, grocery stores and drugstores. For the year 2014, we invested $1.4 billion in 506 properties which equates to approximately $2.8 million of properties located in 42 states at an average initial cash cap rate of 7.1% and with the weighted average lease term of 12.8 years. Of the total amount, approximately $434 million was invested in non-investment grade retail properties. On a revenue basis, 66% of total acquisitions are from investment grade tenants. 86% of the revenues are generated from retail, 8% are from industrial, distribution and manufacturing, and 6% are from office. These assets are leased to 62 different tenants in 32 industries. Some of the most significant industries represented are Dollar stores, home improvement and drugstores. Of the 80 independent transactions closed in 2014, only three transactions were above $50 million. Transaction flow continues to remain healthy. We sourced approximately $4 billion in the fourth quarter. For 2014, we have sourced more than $24 billion in potential transaction opportunities. 2014 was the year with the second largest volume sourced in our company's history. Of these opportunities, 82% of the volume sourced were portfolios and 18% or approximately $5 billion were one-off assets.  Investment grade opportunities represented 49% for the fourth quarter. Of the $158 million in acquisitions closed in the fourth quarter, approximately 33% were one-off transactions. 88% of the transactions closed in the fourth quarter were relationship driven. We remained selective and disciplined in our investment approach closing on less than 6% of deals sourced and continue to capitalize on our extensive industry relationships developed over our extended operating history. As to pricing, cap rates remained tight in the fourth quarter with investment grade properties trading from low 5% to high 6% cap rate range and non-investment grade properties trading from high 5% to low 8% cap rate range. As John highlighted, our disposition activities remained active. During the quarter, we sold 18 properties for $53.4 million at a net cash cap rate of 5.7% and realized an unlevered IRR of just over 12%. For 2014, we sold 46 properties for $106.6 million at a net cash cap rate of 6.9% and realized an unlevered IRR of 11.6%. Our investment spreads relative to our weighted average cost of capital were very healthy averaging 211 basis points in the fourth quarter and 195 basis points in 2014, which were significantly above our historical average spreads. We define investment spread as initial cash yield less our nominal first year weighted average cost of capital. In conclusion, the fourth quarter investments remained solid at $158 million. For the year 2014, we invested $1.4 billion while sourcing more than $24 billion in transactions. Our spreads remained comfortably above our historical level as a tight cap rate environment in the fourth quarter was more than offset by improving cost of capital. We continue to be very selective in pursuing opportunities that are in line with our long-term strategic objectives and within our acquisition parameters.  We also took advantage of an aggressive pricing environment to accelerate disposition of assets that are no longer a strategic fit. As John mentioned, we are raising our acquisition guidance for 2015 from $500 million to $800 million to $700 million to $1 billion. With that, I would like to hand it back to John.
Sumit Roy: No and there was a large portfolio that we saw that had some international assets there as well, but it was a very small piece of the pie, the $4 billion.
Sumit Roy: Yeah. Part of it is, we are constantly putting in redevelopment dollars. So at any given time, I think there were 23 assets for the quarter where we invested those $13 million. But in terms of actual delivery, those would only take into account new development and we don’t actually have that stat in front of us.
John Case: Yeah. One, we continue to focus on exclusively investment grade industrial. And at the end of the year, last year we had about 14% of our acquisitions came from industrial and distribution. We are still predominantly retail, 86%. We are seeing a bit of cap rate compression in the marketplace and that includes industrial, but we are actively seeking Fortune 1000 tenants with investment grade ratings and mission critical or significant locations with investments at/around replacement cost, at/around long-term - at/around market rents with growth with the long-term lease. So that’s typically the profile of what we are seeing and cap rates for that product range from probably the mid 5s right now to the high 6s. But we will continue to do that, but it will represent a minority of our investment activity.
John Case: Right now it’s holding steady and I think over the near to intermediate term, it will hold steady to grow at slight bit.
John Case: With regard to QSRs, we’ve been fine now for quite some time. This company started in 1969 with an investment in a Taco Bell and over the last five years we’ve invested $2.2 billion in non-investment grade retail where we are underwriting to four wall cash flow coverages, quality tenants, high traffic quality locations and we’ve never gotten away from that though. We supplemented it with the investment grade strategy but we continue to be very active. The most active we’ve been in our history over the last five years in buying on investment grade retail. So we will continue to do that going forward. As far as acquisitions guidance, the first part of your question, we’re seeing both more one-off and small portfolio sourcing opportunities as well as some larger portfolios. So the driver in our acquisitions guidance change has been more activity, continued brisk sourcing activity, it’s given us more confidence for the year and therefore we raised the midpoint of our acquisitions guidance by $200 million. I’ll add that we did not adjust our AFFO per share estimates because we believe this incremental activity will be more backend loaded and we’ll have more of an impact in 2016 and 2015.
John Case: Something we implemented about a year and a half ago, the waiver discount program and it’s been very successful for us. We did issue $100 million in the fourth quarter. We also get a little bit of activity on our DRIP as well. Going forward, it’s something that we will opportunistically access. It’s an efficient way for us to raise equity, the cost of that equity is about 1.3% versus a little over 6% for a regular way offering. So it’s cheaper for the company and it allows us to match fund some of our acquisition activity. So we will continue to utilize it where it makes sense in the future, but we also won’t abandon regular or equity offerings.
John Case: Yeah. The board has to authorize it and may have – and we have authorization of up to 6 million shares which should last us for a while.
John Case: Yeah. I was just talking to Juan about that. It’s really timely. The incremental acquisitions we believe will close late in latter part of 2015 so they will have an greater impact on our 2016 AFFO and FFO versus 2015. So we felt comfortable leaving our guidance where it is.
John Case: No, we’d like to maintain a fair amount of activity in that effort. The returns are about a 150 basis points higher in terms of initial yields and what we realize on acquisitions. Currently, we have $45 million in development underway of which we funded just over $12 million of that. About half of that is new development, about half of those assets are redevelopment and expansion of existing properties, but it’s been a very attractive business for us from a return standpoint. And we actually like to see that Rich grow to a couple of $100 million which we think is just fine on a balance sheet of our size, $16 billion in assets.
John Case: Yeah. I mean it’s important to note that all of the tenants in place and none of this is speculative development.
John Case: It ranges from some of our health club tenants, our distribution sector tenants, some general merchandisers and a couple of theaters on the expansion and redevelopment side.
John Case: Yeah. We’ve had one major player obviously step back from the market and they played at the granular level as well as on larger portfolio. So we are seeing a bit of an impact from that, but nothing too significant. What we’ve seen is more foreign institutional capital come into the market and really with greater debt we have seen return of the 1031 buyer. So the individual buyers are much more active today for granular assets and more aggressive than they were just a year ago. So some of what we’ve seen go away around the non-traders aren't quite as active as they were a year ago. It’s kind of been offset mostly but not entirely by the return of the 1031 buyer and more foreign institutional money coming into the sector on the higher quality properties.
John Case: Not really. When you look at our watch list, you have a pretty healthy portion of that coming from two industries and that’s casual dining and child day care. Our watch list continues to represent about 1.5% of our revenues, it’s not that large. And as we watch those properties, we’ll make decisions whether to sell those leave them on the watch list or return them to the regular portfolio. So we haven’t really seen any changes in the composition. We’ll say that overall the tenant base continues to perform quite well. There is enough economic growth activity out there. The consumers are in better shape. We really by and large have no significant tenant issues right now. So they are as healthy as they’ve been in quite some time.
John Case: Yeah. The initial cash yields are right around 7% and on the investment spreads, we are assuming something consistent with what we did last year, so averaging right around 195 basis points.
John Case: Well, we are actually seeing a little of that. We had decent percentage rents in the last year in January and we are seeing the consumer with more disposable income stemming out. While we do own convenience stores, about 9.8% of our rental revenues are from convenience stores. They continue to perform well and inside sales have picked up which is where their margin is, and where they make most of their money. On gasoline sales, their profit is fairly fixed irrespective of price. So the same store portfolio continues to perform well. So we are seeing it, I think we’ll continue to see it as long as these prices hold where little extra money in the packets of consumers will help the Dollar Stores and the C-stores, some of these other areas.
John Case: It’s a function of what’s on the market, which assets are offering the best risk adjusted returns. When you look at pricing, it’s not only impacted by investment grade or non-investment grade, it’s also impacted by how much development that we do in the period, what are the average lease terms. So you look at the fourth quarter, you will see lease terms that were longer than they were in the third quarter and that’s reflected in the cap rate. The longer lease terms are going to be at more aggressive cap rates. And then on the development side, it constituted more activity in the third quarter and that’s reflected – those are higher yields and that’s reflected in our average cap rate for the third quarter. So it’s really hard to sort of extrapolate trends there because the mix shifts each quarter. I think it’s better to look at the long-term trend and while we did see some cap rate compression last year and towards the end of the year, it slowed down, Cedric. So I think that 7% on average, it’s been right around there for the first part of 2015.
John Case: We haven’t approached any of them at this point. I think what you are seeing is a lot of capital looking for yield flowing into U.S. some of it’s coming into the sector and there is a fair amount of that capital deployed. So I am not sure that looking – these are well heeled sovereign wealth funds and other foreign institutions that don’t really need a capital partner.
John Case: Yeah. Most of these are working through U.S. based institutional investment managers that run net lease money. So they bought these properties before they sourced and they identify them. So they are not working without a U.S. asset advisor and the fact that it’s not leased. They don’t feel that they need as much of an operating partner as they would if they were in a more actively managed portion of the real estate business. But it’s something that could make sense at some time.
John Case: Our consistent theme has been to remain disciplined with regard to our investment strategy. And so we are really pursuing assets that fit our investment strategy. We are talking about 10, 15, 20 year leases and we want assets that are going to perform well over the long run, not necessarily just offering attractive spreads a day, potentially be an issue down the road. So we see transactions getting done that are aggressively structured from a pricing, coverage replacement cost, market rent standpoint and we are not going to chase those transactions because we think there is some risk in downside intermediate term and longer term to those types of transaction.  So we are really approaching it with a long-term view here and we think our investment strategy is something that will serve the company well over the long run. So clearly given our cost of capital advantage relative to the rest of the sector and our availability of capital, we could acquire a lot more than we’re acquiring. But again, we don’t want to deviate from the assets that make the most sense for us and we don’t want to get overly aggressive on the structures either.
John Case: Well, we would expect the leasing spread to be similar to what we have in the existing portfolio maybe a little bit higher. We get to – in 2018 I think it is our first non-retail property role and I think that as we do our long-term planning, long-term budgeting, we are assuming a recapture rate of right around 100%. We would hope that it would be a little north of that Todd but we will see when we get there.
John Case: Thanks, Taylor, and thanks everyone for joining our call today. We look forward to speaking to you at some of these conferences coming up over the next few months. Have a good afternoon.
