John Case: Thanks, Janeen and welcome to our call today. We had a very active second quarter and we are pleased to report excellent results from an acquisitions, capital markets and occupancy standpoint. Additionally we were gratified to be added to the S&P 500 Index in the second quarter. Our AFFO per share growth was 6.3% and a record quarterly amount of $0.68 as announced in yesterday's press release we are increasing our FFO and AFFO per share guidance for 2015 given the Company's positive year-to-date performance and the continued scalability of our business. We believe we are the most efficiently run net lease company with the highest EBITDA margin in the sector today. We are raising our 2015 FFO per share guidance to $2.72 to $2.77 from $2.67 to $2.72. We are raising and tightening the range of our AFFO per share guidance to 2.69 to 2.73 from $2.66 to $2.71. As we continue to anticipate another solid year of earnings growth. Now I will hand it over to Paul to provide additional detail on our financial results.
John Case: No, we're not allowed to talk about the specifics of the Walgreens transaction based on non-disclosure agreement, we've executed with them.
John Case: Yes I can walk you through Life Time Fitness, obviously it is an industry we like we've been in that industry since 1998. There continues to be a secular shift to healthy lifestyles and we're seeing that in the health and fitness facilities. We see that, with both baby boomers and millennials. And health club usage continues to rise. We saw attractive risk-adjusted returns in this investment. It's well structured with a strong cash flow coverage of 3.2 times and a drop in sales to breakeven on our property to 45%. If you look at the last recession the great recession Life Time same-store revenues fell by just under 3% in 2008 and about 7% in 2009 and then turned positive in subsequent years. So, they performed quite well during some very challenging times. The properties that we own are located in the affluent dense markets with high on average household incomes of 74,000 within a 5 mile radius and in densely populated areas with 217,000 people within a 5 mile radius of our properties. We were able to execute this transaction at about a 20% discount to replacement cost and have a portfolio of properties that are well above the average sales. And EBITDAR levels of the overall cause so we were quite pleased with it. The going in cap rate was 6.5% the straight line cap rate which would reflect the growth and the cash growth in the lease over the lease term was about 8%. So, we were pleased with the growth. As we look at the transaction, we really viewed it more as something and when you ask 10 years of financial and operating history and our credit and research team analogue that quite subtly. And we were convinced that these would continue to be operated as health and fitness clubs. If there had to be a residual use the most likely residual use would be office if they could not be used as health clubs but there are other companies that have operated large health clubs of this size including Club Core, Equinox and Bay Club. So they could be potential tenants as well. So, if we were to convert these to office, they are probably looking at something from $50 to $75 a foot to make these office properties but that's not really having looked at it.
John Case: Well it comes up some there's been a fair amount of it and it comes up in discussions where we're talking about pricing and it is something certainly that witnessed a down swing, sellers are trying to put pressure on us and when there's an upswing in the 10 year treasury rate we are certainly are pushing for more yield with regard to our initial cap rates and our overall cap rates.
John Case: No, I mean we've been in an environment that has been volatile with regard to interest rates as you've seen and we've sourced year-to-date $20 billion in acquisition opportunities which puts us on a pace that would break our all time high in terms of sourced acquisition opportunities.
John Case: Yes, sure we did issue the $250 million of five year unsecured note with our bank growth and it was really done for several reasons. One is we did have a window in our maturity schedule at five years and one of the issues with the banks has been that we typically not kept a lot of outstandings on our revolver. And they were looking for more funded balances, so when we had 21 banks step up and connect to a recast new expanded facility of $2 billion and we wanted to make sure we were meeting some of their demands and some of their desires as well and something they had asked for was a concurrent term loan with a revolver and they were much more comfortable and desirable on a five year term than a 10 year term where we also have a window on our maturities. So, that drove it and very attractive pricing, pricing well inside of where we could have gotten a five-year unsecured note issued in the unsecured debt market.
John Case: We're going to look at our capital options as the markets evolve over the remainder of the year and determine how we want to fund the business based on what the market share was. So it could range from all types of capital now from 10 year longer to equity as well.
John Case: The portfolios were all very similar. And we were obviously pleased with the portfolio we received and were able to work with Life Time in structuring that portfolio and it met our demands and it also met the desires of the Life Time team.
John Case: Our lease term was 25 years which I think is different than the lease term on some of the other portfolios I believe.
John Case: Yes they're under a master lease but we have no intention of selling the assets that are in that portfolio.
John Case: As we look forward we think cap rates will be in the mid to high 6s for the type of properties we buy.
John Case: Yes I mean we will continue as we have done this quarter to add data to our supplemental investor package which we agree with you is the most robust in the industry. A lot of our competitors are not providing anywhere near the level of information we are. And we certainly have issues with some of the information that present competitive issues for us to consider. So we're going to see where the industry involves to our and continue to add and tweak our supplemental package. But in terms of just a full dump of everything we're not anticipating doing that for competitive reasons at this point.
John Case: Yes so just under 70% of our retail tenants providers’ sales and profit and loss information. So that should give you an idea of what that number is.
John Case: Yes I mean the primary reason why as we were able to retain 90% of our existing tenants this quarter. And those tenants typically have options to renew those options have a fairly significant cost to them. So they exercise the options to renew and that resulted in the high rent relative to the expiring rent.
John Case: I would say that you can get that figure but we don't have that right now. I mean some are rated and are below investment grade and some are simply not rated and have excellent balance sheets but are just not rated.
John Case: I can provide that, we did realize some specific cost savings that we had not anticipated in October, when we originally constructed the G&A budget for this year and those were really in our legal area with insurance. And with our annual report and when you handle that this year and those on a combined basis were seven figure number with regard to savings. We also saw that we are more appropriately staffed for our activity than we had expected to be last October. Over the last four years, we have increased our headcounts here by 50% and we have added a lot of skilled excellent staff members, team members who have done a great job. So, we're really beginning to realize the efficiencies and the scalability of our business and this was a conscious decision we made several years ago, that build the team, anticipating the growth in the sector and certainly our continued growth. So, that's what you're seeing in that G&A line. And we're certainly pleased to see it. And I would expect our G&A margins to continue to be at this level or even continue to decline.
John Case: Really it was a function of percentage rents that drove that. Trading with those which is our largest motor vehicle dealership kind of had a particularly strong first half of the year and as we see economy recover, we've seen RV sales grow quite a bit and as a result they took in some percentage rents which derive that number.
John Case: Right now, it is not priced appropriately, it's something we always looked at and we do have about 2% out there in preferred right now. But it's been more efficient and effective for us to use alternative forms and capital given where that market is right now. There's certainly windows in that market where it's attractive and we will consider reassuring but currently that opportunity does not exist.
John Case: Well I mean most of what we did this year has been relationship oriented. It's over 90%, but that doesn't mean we were the only firm to look at the acquisition. That could be a strictly negotiated transaction with the tenant or seller which some have been but it also could mean they accepted our price at a lower price in order to do business with us given the strength of our relationship or they gave us a last look at the pricing on the transaction and an opportunity to top the competitor based on the relationship. The two large sales lease backs that we did this quarter were really during primarily on relationship basis although as we have already discussed, the Life Time was shown doing select few players in this sector.
John Case: There were just a select few firms in this business that got the first look, so we were not the exclusive one. And we did have an opportunity to help construct the portfolio that we ended up with.
John Case: No, we certainly approached the private equity driven transactions with caution for a good reason. Generally there time horizon is shorter in terms of their investment in the business than a corporate tenant driven transaction. However in this case the senior and executive management team are likely be to remain major owners of the company and continue to own it. So, that was a bit unique, but even given that you heard me earlier, Todd, walk through the metrics. We structured this transaction very conservatively so we feel very comfortable with that. But we certainly have the added comfort of knowing that the CEO and the management team are heavily invested in the equity of this company going forward.
John Case: Yes I think from a cap rate standpoint what we'll be looking at are cap rates for the remainder of the year and the mid to upper 6s. And we really didn’t find that finding acquisition sort of luring the year at more aggressive cap rates at shorter term debt because the cap rates were lower it was really more a function of what I explained earlier and that once that we had the five year window in our maturity schedule and the banks were very supportive about having a balance outstanding through them since our historical utilization of the line of credit had been minimal.
John Case: It depends on the type of acquisitions we're doing. The majority of them are all recoverable, so we would not anticipate that percentage 2% moving very much in fact it may come down a bit especially given some of the recent acquisitions we've made.
John Case: Our cost of capital overall right now is running just below 5% so it's still attractively priced. So, if we can continue to buy assets at initial spreads 150 to 175 basis points based on our anticipated cap rates for the reminder of the year, those cap rates are still -- those spreads are still comfortably above our historical averages so we’d be pleased with that. Our cost of equity is reasonable at this level. And certainly our debt costs while they have come up a little bit we can still issue 10 year debt right around 4%.
John Case: Sure, Sumit can handle that that fluctuates, it's a little higher and we have just under 92 million under development right now. And we have funded it at this point about 25 million of that.
John Case: Yes, we're really reacting Collin to the opportunities we see in the marketplace. So, we have very high retail numbers year-to-date and for the quarter and we continue to see attractive industrial opportunities but some of those opportunities are very aggressively priced today and we've elected to pass on them. So it's hard to predict the future but we will continue to be active on the industrial front and look at the opportunities that our investment parameters and are priced appropriately for us. And we will certainly continue to look at those investment grade and non-investment grade retail investments as we've done.
John Case: Yes, I mean we continue to look at the QSR and casual dining sector they each separately represent 4% of our revenues and we've always been cautious on casual dining as you know, as you alluded to. For our casual dining investment for us, we want to see an operating concept that has positive trends, we want to see really healthy coverage, coverage beyond what we seen in our overall portfolio, probably three times or greater. We want to see rents that are approximately at market and we want to be add approximately replacement cost on our investments. So, we have a high hurdle there, we have looked at some casual dining investment opportunities and we continue to do that. We haven't seen any on a large scale portfolio basis that meet our parameters for I'd say quality and pricing but we would certainly consider the right type of casual dining transaction.
John Case: Yes it's still at 1.2% which represents about 150 million in properties and what I have said earlier was on the dispositions front, if anything, I mean we had budgeted for 50 million in dispositions, if anything that could check up a bit, and we may sell a little more and that is obviously coming from that watch list, so we prepare it down just a shade, but it's been kind of steady right around 1.2% for the last several quarters.
John Case: So, if you are looking at the year-to-date, I guess that's in our supplement as where you're getting that information on Page 24, for everyone re-leasing to new tenants, with and without vacancy you're seeing a 30% low down in rents. The issue there is simply, those are -- that's the market, I mean we're also disappointed that it's not higher overall our re-leasing spreads are positive at a -- just under 103%. We've executed more than 1,900 lease rollovers in the Company's history and have a lot of experience at this the majority of the assets that we do re-lease are re-leased at a positive spread and year-to-date 105% of expiring rents to the same tenant.
John Case: Yes I mean there you can see it that we're roughly at market rents, it's slightly on the entire portfolio just slightly above. So, there's not a very big differencial between our contractual rents and market rents.
John Case: Yes well, that was a well structured transaction for us and I can't go into details on it, but it looks certainly more favourable than what you see in the 1031 market. And that's an industry and a tenant that we like a lot, you've heard us discuss quite a bit given what's happening in the healthcare industry and with our ageing population and the performance of that company. So, it was an attractive investment and I would say this, we don't do large institutional sale lease back transactions without rental rate growth. [Multiple speakers] In the private market, 1031market it's back as you alluded to and we're seeing quite pricing there at the 5% area. We've even seen some four handles there, so, there is a certainly premium for the one offs that don't necessarily exist for the larger portfolios and then certainly a relationship element to our business with them as well.
John Case: What we are seeing now is we have been in a period for a while where there has been a portfolio premium where people were teaming to get more capital out the door. That pricing has not become less expensive what's happened is the banks have returned to the market for the one off and the smaller portfolios and are lending quite aggressively. So you’ve seen that 1031 market pricing surge and they are fairly equivalent across the board there is very few opportunities as the one that I just described where the arb there is more significant. But we don’t want to sell properties and we don’t want to own long-term and so we're not seeing enough of an arb yet to crank crest back up. But it's something we look at every quarter so that’s a good question.
John Case: We'd be comfortable with either given the strength of the balance sheet and the pricing of both yes we’d be comfortable with either right now.
John Case: Thanks Ricky and thanks everyone for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you this fall at the various conferences and we hope everyone has a great end to their summer. Thanks again.
Paul Meurer: Thanks John. As usual, I will provide some brief highlights of our financial results for the quarter starting with the income statement. Total revenue increased 11.1% for the quarter; this increase reflects our growth primarily from new acquisitions over the past year as well as healthy same-store rent growth. Our annualized rental revenue at June 30th was approximately $983 million. On the expense side, interest expense increased in the quarter to $58.7 million. This increase was primarily due to our two bond offerings last year the $350 million 10 year notes issued in June and $250 million 12 year notes issued in September. We also recognized a non-cash loss of approximately $900,000 on interest rate swaps during the quarter. On a related note our coverage ratios, both remained strong with interest coverage at 4.0 times and fixed charge coverage at 3.6 times. General and administrative or G&A expenses were approximately $12.6 million for the quarter. Included in G&A expenses is approximately $192,000 in acquisition cost. And note that we do include these acquisition costs in our calculation to both FFO and AFFO. Year to date our G&A as a percentage of total rental and other revenues is only 5.3%. Our projection for G&A expenses in 2015 is now approximately $52 million down from our prior estimate of $55 million as we realized lower than expected expense growth given the efficiencies of our business. Property expenses which were not reimbursed by tenants totaled $3.3 million for the quarter. And our current projection for property expenses that we will be responsible for in 2015 remains unchanged at approximately $20 million. Provisions for impairment of approximately $3.2 million during the quarter includes impairments we recorded on three properties classified as held for sale and two properties classified as held for investment. Gain on sales were approximately $3.7 million in the quarter and just a reminder we do not include property sales gains in our FFO or AFFO. Funds from operations or FFO per share was $0.69 for the quarter, a 7.8% increase versus a year ago. Adjusted funds from operations or AFFO or the actual cash we have available for distribution as dividends was $0.68 per share for the quarter, a 6.3% increase versus the year ago. Dividend paid increased 4% in the second quarter and we again increased our cash monthly dividend this quarter. Our monthly dividend now equates to a current annualized amount of $2.28 per share. Now let me briefly turned to the balance sheet. We've continued to maintain our conservative capital structure. As you know in early April we raised approximately $276 million of new equity capital in conjunction with our addition to the S&P 500 Index. The index inclusion was an excellent opportunity to raise capital at a very low cost by offering shares to the index funds needing to buy our stock on that day. We raised an additional $106 million of equity capital during the quarter through our direct stock purchase plan. Our bonds which are all unsecured and fixed rates and continued to be rated BAA1, BBB+ at a weighted average maturity of 6.7 years. At the end of the quarter we recapped and expanded our unsecured acquisition credit facility from $1.5 billion to $2.25 billion comprised of a $2 billion revolving credit facility and a $250 million term loan which is due in 2020 when we have no scheduled unsecured debt maturities. At our current BBB+ BAA1 credit rating the borrowing rate on the revolver is LIBOR plus 90 basis points with a facility commitment fee of 15 basis points which overall represents a 20 basis point reduction for the all in drawn borrowing rate of the previous facility. We very much appreciate the capital commitments from the 21 banks that participated in the syndication of this larger facility for us. Our new $2 billion credit facility had a $430 million balance at June 30th. We did not assume any mortgages during the quarter. We did pay off some at maturity so our outstanding net mortgage debt at quarter end decreased to approximately $757 million. Not including our credit facility, the only variable rate debt exposure we have is on just $15.5 million of mortgage debt. And our overall debt maturity schedule remains in very good shape with only $40 million in mortgages and $150 million of bonds coming due in 2015 and our maturity schedule is well lathered thereafter. Currently our debt to total market capitalization is approximately 32% and our preferred stock outstanding is only 2.5% of our capital structure. And our debt to EBITDA at quarter end was approximately 5.9 times. Now let me turn the call back over to John who will give you more background on the quarter.
Paul Meurer: And that's good observation. So, the property expenses have come in a little bit lower maintenance utilities, bad debt expense is lower kind of across the board. There is a little bit of seasonality, typically the second half of the year, un-reimbursed property expenses are higher. But to be candid that 20 million is a number we're monitoring and we suspect that, that could be a high estimate we shall see as the year progresses but the second half for the year typically is a little bit higher.
Paul Meurer: We looked at that, in fact when we were making that decision, we took a look at our peer group inclusive of not only the net-lease sector but our S&P 500 peers and what our floating rate debt exposure looks like in our balance sheet, we compared very favourably, even if we had not swapped out that term loan, we would still be very much in the low-end of that spectrum in terms of exposure to variable rate and floating rate debt in our balance sheet. But ultimately we came to the decision that we wanted to continue to handle the balance sheet as we have historically, which is to lock in longer term generally unsecured fixed rate alternatives there that much fund, our acquisitions and not to be exposed to any rising interest rates going forward and the volatility that that's associated with. But right now other than our credit facility the only exposure we have to variable rate debt is the $15.5 million of mortgage debt exposure.
Paul Meurer: Overall, we are always going to look at the overall leverage in the organization. And that would be a piece of that leverage, right? So, you can’t just look at it by itself. The nice thing about having a larger facility, as it just generally gives us more flexibility. It allows us to I don’t want to say time to permanent capital markets but at least be available when something is attractive either in equity or in bonds or whatever it might be and having a larger line carrying a little bit more balance still doesn’t jeopardize the liquidity that we like to have available there for our acquisition efforts. So it is just is a net positive for us in terms of our acquisition approach going forward having that liquidity and then having the flexibility to do something when the timing is right relative to the market. But we don’t look at it by itself we look at it as a piece of the raw capital structure and that our primary exposure if you will to variable rate debt.
Paul Meurer: Yes I saw that dialogue in your piece and any look at as we have mentioned EBITDA margins for the business I think is a very good way to look at it. Because we think we’re very efficient not only in our G&A but in our property expense side. There is no trend there Rich each lease has its own element of negotiation or if it is an existing lease that we assume relative to the nature of what might be reimbursed or what we may or may not be responsible for. So there is no real trend to look to there in terms of expenses being reimbursed any more or less now or going forward. Other than to say that we expect that to be continue to be a very efficient line item less than 2% of our overall revenues in the portfolio in the property expense area.
Sumit Roy: Thank you, John. During the second quarter of 2015, we invested 721 million in 100 properties located in 33 states at an average initial cash cap rate of 6.3% and with a weighted average lease term of 18.2 years. We define cash cap rates as contractual cash net operating income for the first 12 months following the acquisition date, divided by the total cost of the property including all expenses borne by Realty Income. On a revenue basis, 49% of total acquisitions are from investment grade tenants and the rest of the revenues are from retail tenants that are non-investment grade or not rated. 98% of the revenues are generated from retail, and 2% are from industrial. These assets are leased to 21 different tenants and 13 industries. Some of the most significant industries represented are health and fitness, drug stores and home improvement. Of the 16 independent transactions closed in the second quarter two transactions were about 50 million. Year to date second quarter 2015 we invested 931 million in 166 properties located in 35 states at an average initial cash cap rate of 6.4% and with a weighted average lease term of 17.5 years. On the revenue basis 52% of total acquisitions are from investment grade tenants and the rest of the revenues are from retail tenants that are non-investment grade or not rated. 92% of the revenues are generated from retail and 8% are from industrial these assets are leased to 27 different tenants in 16 industries. Some of the most significant industries represented our health and fitness, drug stores and quick service restaurants. Of the 25 independent transactions closed year to date three transactions were about 50 million. Transaction flow continues to remain healthy, we resources more than 10 billion in the second quarter. Year-to-date we have sourced approximately 20 billion in potential transaction opportunities. Of these opportunities, 66% of the volumes sourced were portfolios and 34% or approximately 7 billion were one-off assets. Investment grade opportunities represented 21% for the year-to-date. Of the $721 million in acquisitions closed in the second quarter, approximately 5% were one-off transactions. We remained selective and disciplined in our investment approach closing on less than 7% of deals sourced and continued to capitalize on our extensive industry relationships. As to pricing, cap rates continued to remain tight in the second quarter with investment grade properties trading from around 5% to high 6% cap rate range and non-investment grade properties trading from high 5% to low 8% cap rate range. As John highlighted, our disposition program remained active. During the quarter, we sold five properties for 8 million at a net cash cap rate of 8.1% and realized an unlevered IRR of over 11.6%. This brings us to 14 properties sold year-to-date for 30.1 million at a net cash cap rate of 7.8% and realized an unlevered IRR of 12.3%. Our investments spreads relative to our weighted average cost of capital were healthy averaging 140 basis points in the second quarter, which were around our historical average spreads. We define investment spreads as initial cash yield less the nominal first year weighted average cost of capital. Year-to-date based on the weighted average cost of the long-term capital raised our estimated investment spreads were approximately 200 basis points, notably above our historical average. In conclusion the second quarter investments remain solid at 7.21 million while sourcing more than 10 billion in transactions. Our year-to-date spreads remained about historical levels. We continue to be very selective in pursuing opportunities that are in line with our long-term strategic objectives and within our acquisition parameters. We are also taking advantage of an aggressive pricing environment to dispose assets that are no longer a strategic fit. As John mentioned, we are raising our acquisition guidance for 2015 to approximately 1.25 billion. With that I'd like to hand it back to John.
Sumit Roy: Yes that's exactly right, John. You have got 65 million of unfunded obligations. Most of the developments that you're seeing Rich is with our FedEx expansions. That continues to be a higher yielding investment for us and those are investments that, it allows us to continue to push out the leases beyond the original exploration when we do an investment for them. Along with FedEx we're also ding investments in AMCs that continues to be a good investment and we do have some build to suit on the retail side that I do not wish to disclose the name at this point but those continue to be a higher yielding form of our investment opportunity set.
Sumit Roy: Each quarter, our run rate has been right around this 90 million unit it has fluctuated from anywhere between 70 units it's been as high as 110. So, about 90 million seems to be rightly would like to be a bit more, given the size of the company, I think you've heard John mention that we would like to see it go as high as 250 but we've not been able to achieve that so the run rate historically has been right around what you see it today.
