Tom Lewis: Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us on the call to discuss our second quarter of this year. With me as usual is Gary Malino, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Paul Meurer, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; John Case, our EVP and Chief Investment Officer; Mike Pfeiffer, our EVP and General Counsel. And during this conference call, we will make certain statements that may be considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Law. The company's actual future results may differ significantly from the matters discussed in the forward-looking statements. And we will disclose in greater detail on the company's Form 10-Q the factors that may cause such differences. And with that, as is our custom, we'll let Paul start with some discussion of the numbers.
Tom Lewis: I would hope over the long-term, given how we structured the leases, there is probably 1.5% to 2% internal growth from same-store rent increases given a kind of flat occupancy. And so you're right. Majority of the rest of growth really has to come externally. And as we get larger now and if you're looking at 5% FFO growth in the next year, you're probably looking at about $700 million of acquisitions. Unfortunately, even though while we've grown, it is a very large net lease market, of which we hold a very small share. So I think we can continue to grow. With that said, one of the things that I was really trying to focus on, it's likely not to have as much impact this year, but going into next year and the following is really doing what you said, which is we have a project underway to go through the portfolio and kind of look at each of the properties and rate them 1 through 2,500-plus relative to what we think the long-term risk is, return. And that's a project that's ongoing, and we're going to marry that also with the tenant review. And kind of taking a look, as we look forward five, 10 years, given we've had 30 years of declining interest rates and almost to zero, kind of how we view the tenants relative to their operations, but also if they had to go out and refinance their balance sheets, which most will, and the combination of those two will lead us probably in the next year and the year after to work on some portfolio sales. And while I don't think it will be massive, I think it will step up continuously what we're selling off. And that may be partially with fund acquisitions, but I still believe that new assets will be responsible for our growth primarily in the next three, four years.
Tom Lewis: As it was a few years ago, it's very sleepy, because obviously the one thing you have to have is a gain. You need a 1031. But as we've seen cap rates falling, prices rise, there is a little more activity in the 1031 market out there. And absent the volatility you are seeing, we are watching potentially in the financial markets today, it is a time where there probably would be some opportunities for sales coming there. That's fine for selling out of the portfolio relative to adding assets and starting Crest back up. Given the potential volatility, I am not quite sure I'd do it yet. But if things continue and reach the low, then there probably will be additional demand coming on from the 1031 market on one-off transactions. 
Tom Lewis: I don't think we'd get rid of Crest all together. I think there may be a time of the future when we could use it again, although I don't know in how much volume. But to give you an idea, Crest at its peak when we had well over $100 million inventory, there was approximately two employees in Crest, and the person that was the professional there is still with us and is doing a lot of our good acquisition work. And the other person has really transferred aside. So Crest has no employees, and really the only expenses that we have there is a little bit of tax and bookkeeping. The three assets that we hold in there are assets that wrote down quite a bit. They were the three Hometown Buffet, and I think they're carrying value. We're more focused now out of leasing them and hope to have some progress there and then decide what to do with them. And then there is also a couple of other assets in Crest that are generating income. I mean these are mortgages taking back, taking back at a fairly low loan to value ratio from a couple of sales we did. So there is very little cost in Crest, but there is some revenue coming in there right now, and we may use them it again some day. So it's not a huge carrying cost.
Tom Lewis: I think M&A is back on the table, and we've started to see that heat up. And I also think that there are a number of investments banks that have been talking to their clients about taking advantage of what is a bit of a resurgent market relative to net lease properties. The flow has just continued to pick up. It kind of flattened out in the first quarter. But as we sit here today, I know the flow we're seeing from investment banks, directly from retailers and then the private equity firms has increased quite a bit. So that's basically it. But the volumes have increased and there is a lot out there. And I think I used a line on the last call that Odds are good, but the goods are odd. Given kind of animal spirit reemerging back into the marketplace, some of these are structured at prices and cap rates that don't make sense for us, and there are a lot of players out there. But I think some of them are getting end up in our sweet spot and we'd be able to do some more, but it is very active.
Tom Lewis: First, in lease rollover, we had some pretty good results. I think we had 86 properties to do at the start of the year. 40 of them are done and had pretty good results in there. And so there wasn't really incoming on from that. And there is not a lot of tenant activity in terms of getting anything back. And people during the second quarter, first quarter felt better about leasing space to smaller tenants and growing their businesses. And I don't want to sound like it's a great retail environment, but I think over the last 30 days or so, people are a little more cautious. But I hear in the third quarter, I think the activity is going to be pretty good.
Tom Lewis: The other thing is I'm also speaking most of what we have the smaller box-type space. I'm not sure if that's true for the larger box. So I'll just take that caveat.
Tom Lewis: And I think when we first announced our transaction, we thought we might have $90 million, $92 million in mortgages, but we were able to work on that and get it down to about a little under $60 million.
Tom Lewis: Yes, there is nobody on the credit watch list, which we think if anything is imminent. Particularly over the last three to four months, if you look at those that really work with kind of low income, those are the people that continue to suffer. We paint a picture generally, but most of our businesses came back really well, but there are a few guys there still working very hard, but nothing that we see is imminent.
Tom Lewis: I'd say it's primarily associated with acquisitions that either closed or in the process of closing. You need kind of diligence costs on unique property types as well as unique work you need to do on in-placed leases, if you will, things of that nature. And you have a large portfolio.
Tom Lewis: I think we have been steadily increasing it in the last few years, small amounts on a quarterly basis. That's particularly as revenue and FFO flattened out during the recession. And so this is going to be a bit of a catch-up going on getting the payout ratio back down in the 80s. I think by the end of the year, we will have done that. And so my sense is, although this is going to be a subject of our Board meeting, that it wouldn't be a bad idea to have just a full increases this year. But in next year, probably dividend increases would be much closer to matching up FFO growth.
Tom Lewis: Even though rates in the last couple of years have fallen, the spreads have been the widest they have ever been since we've been in business. Again, working on credit curve, we are really looking around 8 cap rates on what we're doing. And an 8 cap rate in this cost to capital environment is a pretty good rate. Relative to levering up, I'm not sure that we want to take balance sheet metrics much further out than they are. And like you saw us two quarters or so ago, to the extent we would do it, we'd probably want to do it in very long-term paper. With rates near zero, I think the odds in the next five to 10 years for interest rates to be a little higher or decent, I'm not sure you want to add on to your balance sheet intermediate and short-term financing. You're going to refinance at higher rates. So I think it will be a combination from equity, maybe a little preferred, maybe a little debt, and then on an accelerated basis, but not the majority from outside recycling as we move into the next couple of years or so.
Tom Lewis: In the retail area, we continue to like the convenience stores. We're probably pretty heavy there, but we can do some more. The casual dining restaurant is not an area that we'd want to go to, but quick service is a nice solid business if we could get the right tenant. And then movie theaters, we like theaters quite a bit. That's always of interest to us and still under 10%. And then kind of outside of that, in the other areas that newly went into, the transportation, FedEx type tenants are some that if we can be additive there and get a cap rate that makes sense, we wouldn't mind doing it. But it's pretty broad-based. It really has more to do with the particular transaction, cash flow coverage into our credit and the prices and cap rate that we can get rather than saying, "Hey, this is the industry we want to go after."
Tom Lewis: Absolutely great. They are a great tenant, obviously a very, very good credit, and their business continues to move forward. And we have Diageo on the lease for a very long time. I think we added on Hewitt as the number one, another one of their wineries such as Sterling and BV and both are doing well. As a leader of the wine sector, strongly recommended, 2007 Georges De Latour. 90 points.
Tom Lewis: It's pretty broad-based. A lot of this was smaller, some of the childcare and restaurant that we added over the years. So it's been a combination of local tenants, primarily or small three, four, five, six-unit chains. And that's why you've kind of more sales than leases, but pretty broad-based. We've been out there really working hard beating the bushes. One of the advantages of having smaller units is you have the opportunity to work with some smaller organizations. And then it's a question if you're more comfortable keeping them in the portfolio and selling them. But it really is a lot of two, three, four-unit people that look at the current opportunity and see an opportunity to expand. I really give credit to our people in portfolio management. They have been very active and very successful this year.
Tom Lewis: The private REIT space, which is getting a lot of pressure today, there has been a couple of people there that have been expanding, and that just seems to be the asset class they've moved to mix. So there is a fair amount coming from that end of it as well as the public companies being active. And then there is also some kind of real estate private equity that's out. Even some of the mortgage people that are unable to get the yields they want in their business have been opening up some shops to do this. So it just happened three, four, or five times since we have been public, and there is just a lot of people looking moving into this space right now as they see falling cap rates in another areas, trying to get some yield. So it's pretty broad-based and it's very active, but we think we'll get our appropriate share of the business.
Tom Lewis: There is a demand for buying triple-net leases. The 1031 market has picked up a bit. But it's a lot of larger transaction stuff. As we all know, a lot of money on the streets flushing around and some of it's looking to net lease given where the yields are today.
Tom Lewis: I think it's too early to see flow on a current quarter, but we're in a lot of discussions there, and we're kind of adding to our efforts in that area, because we think it'd be very good place to go. If one of your views is interest rates could be higher in the future, we look back on some of the lower rated tenants and some of their success may have come from the low interest rate environment over a prolonged period of time, so moving up the credit curve over the next five to 10 years is not a bad place to be. So we are putting more effort there. And it's some nice discussions with some very large corporations just about how they view the world, and we hope going into the next year that that will be additive. The initial moves we had here with some industrial and distribution and manufacturing was really a function of the two transactions, Diageo and then secondarily the ECM. But now we're trying to get granular with those people. But as is it when you go into a new line here, it's going to take a year or two or three. We'll have better clarity of exactly what's going be, but we're active.
Tom Lewis: As always, thank you very much for the attention. We appreciate it and we look forward to talking to you again at one of the industry meetings or in the next 90 days when we do this again. Thanks so much.
