GlennRufrano: Sure. Thank Haendel. And thanks for your kind note. As you know, we -- as you followed us, Haendel, and others we've been pretty disciplined since 2018. The portfolio at that time we generally not understood and so we try to make sure the market understood what we were thinking in the future. We put metrics around a number of elements here, percentages of property type, tenant credit, investment grade rating, geography and a number of others, all to provide diversification. So we have always thought that understanding the portfolio long term is the right thing to do. And we will continue due to that in future. So that's before. Now let's if I took us to just January first and we thought about where our portfolio should be, we'd be saying certain things like experiential real estates a good idea because it's a bridge against e-commerce and restaurants and entertainment is pretty good. We also had a number of conversations on these calls about pharmacies. Well, would pharmacies be best or not be best in the portfolio, that's turned around today. We have all turned around today based upon this pandemic in terms of what property types may or may not perform over periods of time. The one thing that I say for us now thinking about the portfolio is that we're not going to make decisions based upon what's happened today. We're in the middle of the storm. We're going to wait for some of this storm to subside before we make decisions on where the metrics will be and how we will reshape the portfolio. I believe there will be some reshaping but how we will shape is very hard for us to judge right now. To your point some property types like office are now performing well. Our industrial performance is very good and the only thing -- the only constant denominator that I can take out of what's happened over the last five to six years is that diversification is a plus, will always be diversified but we may change some of our metrics in the future. We're just not ready to do that yet, Haendel.
GlennRufrano: No, good, another good question. Certainly that was a difference this quarter. The first, I'd say it's not easy -- it's not an easy decision to reduce a dividend, it's just not. Make your feet burn and your stomachs turn when you have to make a decision like that but we as a company and the board thought it was necessary to make that decision. The decision itself as I mentioned wasn't only based upon the macro review what's happening today, it's more importantly it was really based upon the uncertainty of what's happening in the economy. It's a very difficult to predict duration here and we have -- will all have a hard time on duration and that will play a very important role in what and how our tenants will run their businesses. But what we decided was that we would take a look at various outcomes of what can happen over the next year or two. We have a basis in April and May which is helpful that it was better than the sort of April. I'm not sure we knew what was going to happen. We have a better feel for April and May and you've heard Paul talk about June and if we looked at the uncertainties in the future, the common denominator we saw was that we needed to maintain a strong balance sheet. But at the same time since we had, I'd say substantial cash flow over the last couple of months not a 100% which is what we wanted, but cash flow we thought it was fair to pay some of that cash flow to the shareholder. The question now was the balance of the two. The balance of the two comes with the sizing of the dividend, which is really a question. And we did that by starting and reviewing a series of financial analyses. We really did dissect possible outcomes through this year and next. And our guiding light was can we come up with a base amount of a dividend build on but at the same time protect against any increase in debt. And those were the two relationships that we work towards. And if you, if I were to try to describe our analyses, I would try to describe them in terms of a V, a U and a W. The V being a quick recovery; U being a slower recovery and perhaps the beginning of the U higher than the end of U and a W where clearly the middle of the W is not going to be equal to the left-hand side of it. I was just reading an article and it's almost the discussion between Minuchin and Powell. Minuchin would say it's a V; Powell would say it's a U or W. We seriously looked at all three of those which is really used on duration and based upon those views, we thought dividend which was $0.077 this quarter represented a sustainable dividend to build on. Now we're not -- we just provided second quarter dividend. We're not approving the third or fourth quarter dividend by any means and clearly if there's any real big disturbance in the economy, we're not sure that base but right now we think that's a very solid base on which to build a dividend. And that build will occur when we think it's appropriate relative to what we're seeing in the environment on a day to day basis.
GlennRufrano: Good. I think that those are two very good questions, Sheila and I'm going to pass the first one on credit to Paul and then Paul I would ask you to pass on in terms of accounting to Mike. So Paul, you take that first one.
GlennRufrano: Yes. Go. Paul, yes, I thought Jeremy -- thanks Jeremy for -- he directed it and I should have redirected it to make sure Paul gets it, I don't answer it because Paul, he'll answer that question better than I will.
GlennRufrano: No. I just wanted to make sure, Jeremy, what Tom said I think I misunderstood. Tom you had mentioned 10 to 25 in cap rates and not percent decline.
GlennRufrano: Yes. I mean nothing particular as you know that we do have 7% coming due next year and we work hard at chipping away at that stuff in advance. So you noticed in my prepared remarks that we had some early renewals and those early renewals actually hits even further out in 2022 and 2023. In 2021m the expirations are pretty granular. We have sort of 180 leases in total that will expire, 70 to 75 each in retail and restaurants. So at this stage, don't see any particularly large holes where we say, oh, we think a large number those will not renew. We will move through the renewal process and we've been doing renewals even during the pandemic and even in some of the restaurants portfolio have been reasonably routine so far. So we'll see how that plays out in the coming months and I think you'll see us beginning to pull our 2021 expirations down as this year as a remainder of 2020 progresses.
GlennRufrano: And, Chris, could I make one comment there because it's a very, very important subject for us in terms of pricing our capital and part of the balancing of the dividend that I discussed earlier. We hope will help us in the debt markets if we have to get into lease markets and we'd like to potentially this year so the spread and our ability to provide more cash flow in the balance sheet, we're hoping we get some momentum that it helps us there.
GlennRufrano: Well, the ICFC as you probably know, Sheila, is working very hard on that. It's called -- they don't want to call it business interruption insurance because the insurance companies don't want to think of it that way, but so it's called the Recovery Act, a business Recovery Act and we've been before Congress as part of the ICFC. I've been helpful there at least in the last few weeks trying to in the fourth phase of government subsidy, provide for some of what you're asking for. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Glenn Rufrano for closing remarks.
PaulMcDowell: Sure. Of course. Hi, Sheila. With respect to credit losses in the portfolio we've been pretty fortunate and that we've had very low credit losses over the past few years. So we haven't had much in the way of credit losses. We have had the few small bankruptcies as you know from time to time and we generally, we've lost that credit but we've also been able to relet the properties and regain cash flows. From a going-forward perspective here, we don't know exactly where this all ends up and as Glenn mentioned in his remarks the key here duration. We went into this pandemic with a credit watch list that generally runs between 2% and 2% of adjusted rents and now suddenly we have a lot of credits in our portfolio that are very healthy companies that are through no fault of their own suddenly under a significant amount of credit stress. And the question is how long does that stress last. We're fortunate in that most of the portfolio is made up of public companies and they've got access to capital. So we're pretty confident that most of our tenants will be able to jump the ditch here and resume being the healthy companies they were before. But it's a little too early to give you a sense at this moment about where we expect credit losses to come to rest since we don't yet know the duration. And I think with that I'll give Mike the accounting question.
PaulMcDowell: Sure. With respect to Art Van, as you may remember we have eight stores, Art Van declared bankruptcy pre Covid and their bankruptcy had nothing to do with Covid. But subsequently they have decided to liquidate. We have got all those stores on the market and we have an LOI in place at the moment with a very experienced operator for four of the eight and had about 70% of the previous rents and the remaining four are on the market. With respect to the delicate balance between how do we manage deferral request from tenants, I touched on it in the script and I think you're accurate in calling it a delicate balance because there's a lot of things at play. We have what is the size of our balance sheet and liquidity and on the one hand what is the size of the tenants' balance sheet and their liquidity on the other. What are their likelihood of getting capital from other sources and we also have tenant relationships to think about how often do we interact with that tenant, how often -- when do we have renewals coming up and so on and so forth. All of those factors come into play. So and I say we've had deferral request across the range. We've had some sort of deferral requests that have been launched from tenants who clearly have got the ability to pay and are just asking for deferrals because everyone else seems to be asking for deferrals. And those we generally just simply deny and then we have other tenants where they're clearly in significant distress. And we have to make a judgment about whether or not we are in a position to really help them. And if we can help them for how much and for how long. And so we make those judgments every day. We have a committee that meets several times a week. I meet with our asset managers virtually every day to talk about each and every one of these. And we go through a committee process and once we make a judgement it goes up and then Mike, Glenn and I make a judgement about what to do.
PaulMcDowell: Sure. Yes. So we're -- we've been building up our point of view about where tenants are coming out. We're very lucky in that most of our portfolio is very steady right. It's necessity based retail. It's office and industrial so most of our cash flows we feel very, very comfortable about. We will continue no matter kind of no matter what then it's really at the margin here where we're looking which tenants have paid, which tenants haven't paid. We're in negotiations with pretty much every single tenant who's asked for a deferral request. So we are talking to them and by talking to them, the asset management teams are able to make a judgment about where they see payment streams coming in the coming months. So we've got April and May under our belts now. We predicted where we thought those would come out. They come out close to where we predicted they would. And so we feel we have pretty decent insight into June, June so far. With respect to areas where we see improvement I think when we look operationally, the most market improvement is in the one that we would like to see improve the most that is in the restaurant portfolio. Initially many of our restaurant tenants were hit very significantly by the pandemic slowdown. And now many of them particularly in the QSR portfolio, sales are only down 10% to 20% which while still very, very significant they can operate profitably at those levels. We've also seen improvement in casual dining. A lot of our tenants didn't really have large to go infrastructures in place or we're just developing them when the pandemic hit. They have hit obviously the fast-forward button on those and it varies across the different brands, but they are improving their to-go performance and so their sales while down initially sort of in the 80% range are now down sort of in the 50% range. So we are seeing some significant cash flow improvements in the casual dining in a casual dining sector so and in the QSR sectors. So I think that's encouraging as we start to open back up.
PaulMcDowell: That's a good question and I would say that the answer to that runs the gamut. So, we have a variety of deferral requests and sometimes those deferral requests are for a 100% of rent; sometimes they're for percentages of the rent; 25% or 50% of the rent. We obviously negotiate each and every one and payback periods are sort of the same kind of ilk. Some payback periods we have running almost immediately after the deferral is over. And they run sometimes a pretty short period of time, a couple of months. Other payback periods we have where they start up after a couple of months with the tenant back at their normal rents to give them some breathing room. And build up some capital and then start to pay them again. A few we have deferred out into 2021 at least that's the idea right now, but again it's very, very dependent upon the tenants circumstance; the tenants financial situation and sort of our idea of how quickly we think they will recover and we as mentioned in my remarks too, we typically charge interest on deferral and sometimes that has an impact on the tenants’ desire to pay back their deferred balances more quickly.
PaulMcDowell: Yes. No. We do factor it in and as I said before most of our tenants are large public companies or large private companies. So a lot of them except in the restaurant portfolio most didn't really qualify for PPP, but what we have in our agreements that we're working on with our various tenants at the moment is generally if they receive funds from the government that can be earmarked for rent. They need to pay those funds to us in rent and that's not generally controversial as we talk to these tenants. So they say, look, we get money from the government, we're happy to send it to you in the form of rent.
PaulMcDowell: No. Yes, the early renewal activity we had was sort of the standard early renewal activity that we have and we mentioned no recapture rates and so and so forth. And so very often when we do what we would call a blended colloquially, a blend and extend. We typically or we occasionally will grant some free rent or some rent reductions upfront in exchange for a much, much longer lease, which gives us obviously an improved net asset value. So sometimes we'll trade a little of upfront rent in exchange for the longer-term lease, but the activity that we had in the first quarter on early renewals in that vein was completely routine.
MikeBartolotta: Hi, Sheila. It's Mike. I think the accounting question is really going to come down to the fact that typically before we have the pandemic if we had some deferrals or some changes to any of our leases, we would have treated it as a lease modification under 842, but the FASB came out with what they're calling an expediency because they understood that everyone is going to or many people were going to be dealing with deferral situations and what the new FASB says is the expediency says if you have a situation where you have no real substantial change in the original contracts cash flow, but rather just typically you have a two, three, four months deferral and then you collect that rent, let's say over the next six months or a year so that can be handled under this new expediency and the expediency has a couple of decision points. One is it reasonable that you're going to be able to make that collection during that period. If the answer is yes, you can then simply treat the revenue as you normally would and establish a receivable during those deferral periods and you would record the revenue during the deferral periods as regular revenue, you set up a receivable and your AFFO, your NOI and your normalized EBITDA would all reflect it as if it were included in those amounts which is different than if there was a lease amendment. They do give you the option of something called variable accounting which is very similar to cash accounting. I'm not quite sure why one would want to use that given this other treatment, but you do have to first make a decision about collectability if you think there's some doubt about collectability then you account for it on a cash basis. And then the last option is if you're actually changing the terms of the lease and that could be typically a blend and extended for some reason, someone is getting a month or two of free rent and extreme say for three to five year extension on the lease, you do have to go back and do the normal 842 lease modification accounting. So that decision tree is something we'll be going through every completed transaction and deciding which bucket it belongs in and how we account for it.
MikeBartolotta: No. We are fine on the covenants. I mentioned that in my remarks and we're fine from that perspective. And we believe that where we are right now, we've drawn down the line so that we have about $600 million of cash and quite $600 million available so we feel comfortable with that mix of having $1.2 billion of liquidity broken into those two pieces. So I don't see any issues on that. We have some debt coming due about $400 million in total this year. Most of that is $320 some-odd million right at the end of December on a convert. So obviously we'll be looking at how we'll refinance that going forward. A month ago the IG markets were BBB or BBB minus, were not as good in the last three weeks or so. They've gotten much better still a little bit pricey, but we have a lot of time between now and then to make that decision plus a lot of liquidity. As we've always tried, we'll keep our options open so that we make the right decision as to how we refining that obligation.
MikeBartolotta: I think today we're somewhere for a 10-year or somewhere around $450 million over Treasuries. I mean that there's been kind of a tremendous --the spread between the spreads of say A and BBB plus and then we're a mix of BBB minus and BBB right. We have one BBB and two BBB minus rating. So that's spread within the net lease group is pretty wide. So I would say right now we're somewhere in the 400 range on a 10-year between say 400 --
MikeBartolotta: It's a quarter annualized right now. That's the way we do the total asset test. You take the NOI and it's a 7% gross up and then you times it by four.
TomRoberts: Sure. So as Glenn mentioned we're on pause as well as most of our peers, so not a lot of activity in the market right now particularly in the retail sector. I just think that's too early to pick up -- pick an impact on the market. Although you did mention there is 10.31 exchange activities in the market which we've been active selling some assets to those type buyers. But despite, by far the strongest product type is industrial which is what we buy in our partnership with our Korean partner. There we've seen some pause in the market but probably just maybe 10%, 20% impact on pricing. Seller expectations have moderated slightly but we think there's going to be activity in that market as well. Office would be the same for single tenant long-term investment grade credits. I think the market is held up pretty well probably in that same price range. And we hope to be active in both those front end partnerships in the second half of the year. We do have a partnership transaction that we announced in our last call. A very large industrial project about 2.3 million square feet at $247 million transaction that we anticipate will close here mid-year. We also have two other builder suits that were under contract with that would close in that third or fourth quarter. So we remain active. They have been impacted by Covid but certainly we hope that both partnerships will be active in the second half of the year. So I think generally too soon too early to tell, but we, I think generally in our space and the industrial and office side and even the investment grade or higher quality retail will have very little impact on pricing, very small.
TomRoberts: 10 or 20 basis point which is far less than 5% impact on pricing and a lot of it just has to do with deal that's in place at the time. How badly does the seller want to sell? But I think generally this type product type is very stable long-term credit leases no matter what the product type is, has held up pretty well I think at this point.
TomRoberts: Yes. Glenn, I would agree an experiential retail any type of fitness entertainment is just -- there's just not a lot of activity in the market. So I would agree that just not been priced. As Glenn mentioned, we are very active in the industrial and the office fronts with our partners and there again there's not a lot of trades. I think generally unless you really had to sell it you're going to put things on hold for 60-90 days. There has been some transactions that have awarded a bidder and I think as I mentioned earlier probably 10-20 basis point adjustment upward in the cap rate which is a very small percentage below 5%. So we think those are held up really well. I mean just the product types industrial is generally probably the number one product type in the market that has fared very well with e-commerce.  So those prices as you would expect have maintained very strong by comparison. And I think offices as well generally long term, decent credit, and good credit tenants that pricing hasn't moved much. And I think going forward we're obviously on hold and we'll just see where the market goes between now and year end.
