Paul Meurer: Thanks, John. I will provide highlights for a few items in our financial results for the quarter, starting with the income statement. Interest expense in the quarter was flat despite a higher outstanding debt balance. This was largely due to the $2.3 million preferred dividend expense we recognized in the comparative quarter a year ago when we announced the redemption of our Series F preferred stock. Additionally, we recognized the larger interest rate swap gain this quarter, which has the effect of decreasing interest expense. Our G&A, as a percentage of total rental and other revenues, was 5.1% for the quarter. We continued to have the lowest G&A ratio in the net lease REIT sector and we project G&A to remain approximately 5% in 2018. Our non-reimbursable property expenses, as a percentage of total rental and other revenues, was 1.7% for the quarter and we expect non-reimbursable property expenses to remain in the 1.5% to 2% range in 2018. Funds from operations or FFO per share was $0.79 for the quarter, representing 11.3% increase over the first quarter of 2017. Note that in the first quarter of last year, we recognized a $13.4 million non-cash charge related to the early redemption of our Series F preferred stock. As a reminder, our reported FFO does follow the NAREIT redefined FFO definitions. Adjusted funds from operations or AFFO or the actual cash we have available for distribution as dividends, was also $0.79 per share for the quarter, representing a 3.9% increase. Briefly turning to the balance sheet, we've continued to maintain our conservative capital structure. In early April, we issued $500 million in seven-year fixed rate unsecured bonds at a yield of 3.96%. The offering allowed us to term out our borrowings on our revolving credit facility and they fit nicely in our debt maturity schedule as we had no other maturities in 2025. Pro forma for the bond offering, the weighted average maturity of our bond is approximately 9.5 years, which is nearly three years longer than it was at the start of 2017. Our overall debt maturity schedule remains in excellent shape with less than $80 million of debt coming due the remainder of this year and only $21 million coming due in 2019 outside of our revolver and our maturity schedule is very well latter thereafter. Our overall leverage remains modest. Our pro forma debt to EBITDA, assuming the annualized impact of our first quarter acquisitions, is currently 5.6 times and our fixed charge coverage remains healthy at 4.6 times. So, in summary, we continue to have low leverage, excellent liquidity and strong coverage metrics. Now, let me turn the call back over to John.
Paul Meurer: Yeah. Some of the additions of personnel over the past couple of years as we enter new property types and expanded the portfolio were necessary and we've invested in, I think, personnel and systems, which put us in good position to kind of support continued growth of the company without significant additions on the G&A side. So we're feeling kind of that curve coming, where I think a little bit more leverage will occur and we could see that number ticked down. Yes, for this year though and the near term is still around 5%.
Paul Meurer: Well, we've got the lowest in the sector and over time, it has come down and we probably hear more comments as to why don't you continue to broaden your skill set and deepen your skillset, given the efficiency of the company. We don't have any positions right now that are not critical positions to the management of the company. So with Mark’s addition, I think we'll be in a place where we've got our full complement of skillsets and it will be, I think, we'll be taking care of at the executive and any level following that. I’d cite that most of our peers I think are closer to 10% in terms of G&A load as a percent of revenues.
John Case: Sure. Just like last year, when initially we guided the dispositions for the year, 75 million to 100 million, we did the same thing this year, but as the year goes along, we uncover opportunities to sell non-strategic assets and we've had a couple of conversations that have led us to believe we think we're going to be closer to 200 million in dispositions. The types of assets are non-strategic. There's a casual dining portfolio included in that and some additional Piazzi stores and a few other types, but they're largely non-strategic and they're factored in to our guidance, even though they're a bit dilutive.
John Case: Yeah. That's a good question, Nick. About 20% of the transactions we sourced in the first quarter were industrial properties and even though the 10-year treasury has risen by 50 basis points this year more or less, we've seen industrial cap rates continue to tick down by roughly 25 basis points. So it's been quite challenging for us to grow that part of the business and that's why none of our acquisitions in the first quarter were industrial properties. That being said, given the activity in that sector, it does reinforce the views we have regarding the strength of that portfolio, just under $3 billion on our balance sheet. So we're pleased to have it, but at these pricing levels, it would be challenging to grow significantly, given our current cost of capital.
John Case: Well, Karin, the acquisitions are lumpy. So that's the word we've used to describe them. We've quarters at 700 to 800 million and quarters at 200 million to 300 million. We can't really extrapolate of one quarter and that's what we did change our guidance for acquisitions. We’re still guiding to 1 billion to 1.5 billion for the year at this point. As far as capital raising, yes, we could fund our growth this year. Our estimated growth without coming to the equity markets through disposition proceeds, routine cash flow and debt, the balance sheet is in great shape right now. However, we will look at all capital opportunities, including equity and when we need to raise capital, we will use the appropriate form in the form that makes the most sense for the company.
John Case: Well, I think industrial was the flavor of the day. We've seen a lot of competition for those types of properties. I think Gramercy did a good job, I know, Gordon, we know Gordon well, solid company. We competed frequently with them, winning our fair share and losing some on property acquisitions. They put together a nice portfolio just as we have. I think that the Blackstone transaction is driven more by the fact that Gramercy is industrial rather than you it's a net least company. I think that addresses your question.
John Case: Yeah. So to the tire services sector, 2.4% of our rental revenues are represented by tires, the tire service. And then on top of that, we have about another 4% in automotive parts and automotive service and that's an area we've been fine with. We haven't received any immediate feedback from our clients on the Sears transaction as of yet, but that's a business that we like and that certainly is benefits from the trend of automobile miles driven continuing to increase in this country. So all vehicles will need tires, regardless of whether they're gas or EDV. Sumitomo is the parent of TBC and is a very strong company with an A- rating and stands behind those leases for TBC.
John Case: Well, it doesn't change our strategy. We believe that as the company has grown in size to be a $21 billion company with 5300 properties in 47 different industries, 49 states that it made sense to have a -- we've become more complex as well, but it made sense to have a executive level position dedicated to strategy. We'll continue to oversee our research and credit effort and continue to sit on the investment community and Neil’s background is very well suited for this position. He'll work with the rest of the executive team, me and the board in formulating strategy going forward and I think it will be a more efficient process. So we're glad to have Neil in that role and he will do well, given the successes he had in the Chief Investment Officer role, but it does not signal any change in strategy for us. It's just a response to the growth we've had and that increasing diversification of our portfolio that we've had since 2010 when we were just a $4.5 billion company and today, we're $21 billion company.
John Case: Well, we're comfortable having strong sectors such as those be in that low double digit percentage of rent range. So, next quarter, we'll see C-stores, drugstores would be somewhere around 11% of rental revenues. We're comfortable with those levels. That being said, at times, we opportunistically sell some of the tenants within those categories, properties, when we have strong bids and that's a very liquid market for assets in those two industries and we often acquire a large sale leaseback transactions and did a 25 to 75 basis point cap rate, higher than what you see in the one-off market. So it's a good way for us to drive value, raise money and manage exposure, but we're comfortable with those levels, given the strength of those industries.
John Case: Sure. So we owned initially -- I think it was nine Ganders and they represented less than 0.5% of our revenues. So it wasn't a significant tenant for us. At this point, we resolved six of the nine, three were re-leased at recapture rates just under 90%, the expiring rent. So we were pleased with those and then we are selling, have sold and have under contract to sell three more properties and then the remaining three we're in discussions on in terms of leasing with national and regional tenants. So that's where we stand on that and we're pleased with the outcome so far.
John Case: Okay. Well, thank you. We appreciate everyone joining us today and we look forward to speaking with you in a few weeks at ICSC and NAREIT. Thanks again for joining the call.
