Tom Lewis: Yes, it’s very interesting historically for the company; the biggest competitor obviously has been the 1031 tax-deferred exchange market. And that is much, much quieter than it has been in recent years mostly because there is not a lot of people out there with gains they need to shelter. So on the one-off there is actually a lot less competition than used to be.  In terms of larger transactions, as always there is competition. Generally, if you look over the last 15 years, there has been four or five people out there trying to do larger transactions and today it maybe two or three that are out there, but given that the volume, it’s a little lower than last few years. There is competition that it’s reasonable and at least I think for us we have a cost to capital that allows us to compete effectively. The other area of competition that is very big for the company since we tend to work on these larger, on M&A investment banking type deals. It’s a high yield market. And as we all know the high yield market is very accessible at very good rates today. And I’d say that really is the primary competition that we’re seeing out there today is in the high yield market.  If you saw the high yield markets soften, that probably would be a positive for our acquisitions. 
Tom Lewis: Yes, it’s an interesting question. I’m not sure if ever got, one before. But I think it would really come down to the ability to access capital at a substantial spread for us from a manpower standpoint, particularly since the additions we made earlier in the year, we’re setup very well for that and we don’t think that would be a substantial problem. Relative to Crest, while things seemed to have settled down here and interest rates are low and properties can't be sold in the one-off market. I think it’s a volatile enough environment that I wouldn’t anticipate using Crest in large numbers to buy and then sell properties.  I think the risk it might take on relative to mark-to-market if things went the other way would be very difficult. So right now, I think we wouldn’t really want to use Crest very much. But if you look at next year, I mean this year we did close to $700 million, I think we did that one year before. That would be just fine but if we did more than that and capital is available, we’d be happy to do whatever volume we can find that we like from an underwriting standpoint and we can fund it good and clean spreads. 
Tom Lewis: Sure, it’s really hasn’t changed all that much. Initially what happens is we’ll generally get in some type of book, small book or just some information that will say here is the measures (ph) the industry, here is the number of properties about how much money they’re looking for. And generally we’re in that industry already. We’ve already comp it, we know who the other players are. We pretty much know what replacement costs are for that type of property and it gives us a starting point. And very quickly we’ll talk for the company, try and get an idea what our plans are and why they’re doing what they’re doing, what they’re looking and do and over what period of time.  And see if we’re going to get there relative to the economic and spread, and that’s kind of a starting point. At that point, what happens is research then gets involved and we get there public financials of the tenant who are public or private. And we get their financials and we go through them, we dart (ph) them which is our internal credit scoring methodology that kind of equates to about 90%, 95% correlation of an S&P rating. So we can get an idea where we keep them from an unscored credit standpoint.  We would also at that point kind of spreadsheet out the properties relative to the price cost per square foot and then we try and get store operating numbers which is the EBITDA of the stores and lay that out and get an idea of what that looks like for rent and so there is an effort there. And then the third part of the property is with a list of where they are, how many square feet and then we start passing that out to the real estate research group to try and start mapping them and getting on the phone and calling the areas and getting some initial sense of value.  And if we can get that together, then it goes to the investment committee which will sit down, take a look at the transaction, get initial idea from a diligent standpoint. If we think it can get to underwriting, and that’s using all three unsecured credit profitability stores and then what the real estate looks like. And that really is a go, no go to perform a more due diligence. And if it’s yes on due diligence then we get much deeper into the company, a lot more work is done on the real estate and ends up coming back in a 20, 30 page report. And an investment committee meeting deciding if we’re going to go to full due diligence. And if it’s a full due diligence that means we think there is a transaction there and that’s one member of the committee its calling off certain research staffs getting on an airplane, flying out meeting with the tenant and trying to get deeper into their operations and finish the unsecured credit underwriting meeting with management.  It’s also then getting a real estate research people out on a plane to visit each one of the properties video them, run demographics, bring that back write it up to in to an individual property report on each one. And then finally making sure that the numbers we get on the properties and what we’re paying are what we look for and then that comes back to committee and comes to yes, we’re going to get there and no we aren’t. And if we are going to get there generally then it flows out of committee and into legal that we’ll start bringing in the people that you work for us there. And start grafting agreement getting to title and moving through the various parts. So it’s pretty standard relative to how it all looks and generally can run anywhere from kind of four weeks up to three or four months depending on what the tenant needs to do. 
Tom Lewis: No I don’t think so. I think you can kind of get there if you look at what we’ve done through the second quarter and what the cap rate was there or through the third quarter and then blend in what the balance it have to be to get to 8%, that’s darn pretty close. 
Tom Lewis: It did a little bit but I’d also share with you the date of kind of the all-time low for us too. If you look back over the years, I don’t think we’ve had a year below a cap rate then we’re really on the edge of it now. So we see that compression. I also share with you and I think you’ve picked this up on some of the work we’ve done looking at the 1031 market out there, given the lower transaction flow and the lower closed flow a cap rates at some points become a little more anecdotal and looking at the history and listing rates and closing cap rates there can be a pretty good spread for us. Here it’s been us mattering a smaller set for a couple of big transaction that got us to that number.  But you can Jeff, definitely see the impact and I think it’s primarily coming from the high yield markets and so 8% is at the low end for us. 
Tom Lewis: Yes, I’d say six but just for the value of them they’re used to be really heavily 100% financing things and no yield and but they’re back down there again but a lot of it is little more cash flow panic. They’re low too in the one-offs, if you can get a really good credit where yields are people are jumping at them. 
Tom Lewis: Yes, if you use AFFO that’s generally a penny or two above our FFO and then what we’ve always done is drove Crest out. So a few years ago when the payout ratio, it probably looked lower to other people than it did to us because you had Crest in there which we did not used to pay dividends but if you look at core FFO and you really get back to about 2005, I think core was about $1.59, the dividend was $1.35, it was about an 85% payout ratio. And ’06 off core was 84% and then you really enter a period kind of ’07, ’08, ’09, and ’010 where FFO was a little flattish. It’s up and quite a bit in ’07 but in ’08, ’09 and ‘010. It’s been flat. And we’ve done modest increases with the dividend. And the dividend for 2010 off core if you guess for $1.82 is about 95% payout ratio.  And we’ve always wanted to payout probably 85 into the low 90s and they’re comfortable there given the stability of the business. However next year if you look at the guidance we put out and if you took it towards the mid upper end, you’re really dropping back down to a 87%, 88% payout ratio and we don’t think that’s a bad thing to do at all. So I think we’ll be able to modestly increase the dividend, but if we hit those numbers brought that payout back to low 80s and operate between 85 and 90 and that’s where I probably like to for a couple of years while we’re all seeing with low interest rates, things stabilize a bit. I’d like to get payout ratio down a little bit and hold it there till we have a little more clarity. 
Tom Lewis: My insights will be every penny you pay for them, which is I think the double-dip scenario which I had pretty high of backed off a little bit. The Japan low growth scenario, I lean a little more heavily towards and while I’d like to see some additional growth, I think it will come with higher interest rates and today I don’t know where you did double-dip 25, probably to Japan 35 and I’ll hope for slow growth but a little inflation on the upside but my first of all little cloudier than others and that leaves me to think that keeping leverage down below 30% which has dropped too here just makes me feel really good and not adding substantially to any near-term debt rollover would be great.  So if we issued debt it would be 10, 12 plus years is we know that permanent preferred sounds great and equity doesn’t sounds bad, but I think generally maintain low leverage through this environment even though interest rates are low if they change them they would likely to do whether its five, six, seven years out that will have an impact on the income statement as you refinance and so you probably want to minimize that. 
Tom Lewis: Well thank you everybody again for joining us during a very busy earnings season and we’ll be interesting to see how the rest of the quarter turns out and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you. And that concludes our call.
