Thomas Lewis: Thank you, Katya and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our conference call and as Katya mentioned, we will go over the fourth quarter and our results for 2012 and a bit about what's happened since year-end. In the room with me today, is Gary Malino, our President and Chief Operating Officer, Paul Meurer, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John Case, our Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer and Tere Miller, our Vice President of Corporate Communications. As I am obligated to do, I will say that during this conference call, we will make certain statements that may be considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Law and the company's actual future results may differ significantly from the matters discussed in the forward-looking statements. We will disclose in greater detail on the company's Form 10-K the factors that may cause such differences. As is our custom, Paul, perhaps you can begin with overview of the numbers.
Thomas Lewis: Yes, and we have had these issues over the years on an ongoing basis. It is just a little larger now. So we brought it up.
Thomas Lewis: Yes, there's always been, I think, in retail, which is a smaller preponderance of it. If somebody is really trying to rollout over time using net lease financing relative to their immediate construction. So that’s has been around, and you have particularly seen it in the drugstore segment. So it's become kind of normal and then crept around more in retail. Sometimes it's with people on the street are really putting some pressure on companies to look at their balance sheet and try and unlock some value. As you know, there is a lot of those discussions today going on around the country on the Opco/propco side and when you get those discussions going, even if people don’t do it then they start looking at what's on the balance sheet and start running the numbers relative to their return on investment and other areas. I think it also started just happening a little bit going back to 2008, 2009 where even some very strong credit started looking at some issues relative to financial flexibility and coming out of that started thinking about real estate a little bit. Traditionally it was less than investment-grade. It was really early 2000, 2001, we started working a lot with private equity and bringing that up. But its a very common discussion now on the street relative to looking at the real estate and using it. So if you get to the Fortune 500 and Fortune 1,000, a lot of their real estate decisions are outsourced with a group of developers and very often there is just a decision when working with the developer that they not going to keep those assets and some of them come off that way. But I think there is just more and more talk going on about what's on the balance sheet and how you provide flexibility and use it. So we haven’t seen it like this relative to those discussions particularly in the investment-grade for as long as I have been doing this.
Thomas Lewis: Yes. I mean, the opportunity set is wide, so there is a lot of things that comes across the transom that we might have done a few years ago that we are not doing and moving away from casual dining would be one. We still like convenience store, but that might be another so we could buy a lot more if we really didn't have this view in terms of where we want to take the portfolio. One of the things that's happened that's been very fortunate is a few more of the investment-grade retailers are out in the market with opportunities where they just weren't few years ago, and then also that, we've widened than that, so we can move outside of retail dealing with larger tenants, so that's really given us the opportunity to do that. I think if I could stop my fingers and make an instantaneous change in the portfolio is one of the questions was earlier why don't you go faster. We would like to, but part of this is matching up opportunities and growing cash flow and dividends with what may be burn rate on that selling a few things. So, right now there is plenty of opportunities out there, some of which weren't a few years ago and we really, really do want to migrate the portfolio, particularly up the credit curve and away from casual dining. I keep using that, but I use it because obviously have the consumers in the United States are more are middle lower income and that's where like we are currently seeing with the payroll tax and if $20 or $40 goes out of their paycheck, it goes out at other spending, because there is not a buffer.
Thomas Lewis: No, I think it includes portfolio transactions but it's one of those where it looks like the first quarter is going to be pretty good and then you move on from there. We are looking at some portfolio transactions but you don’t know how many come through. So, as you know, in the past we started at 250 and kind of guided up as the year went by, but given the last three years of $1.1 billion $1.7 billion. The flow, we sit here and look at each other, look at the first quarter and say, during the course of the year we ought to get there, but as John mentioned 80% last year was larger transaction. So in this, I would say, at least half is.
Thomas Lewis: Well, we are at about 20% as the farthest we would ever go but we don’t like 20% near as much as we did, and one of the things just really watching going through the recession, while we sailed through it is those exposures you did sit and worry about, and as we get to the size in 44 different industries, which is very fortunate that you can bring that down. So I now look at 10% as being on the high side and it needs to be just because there is a particular opportunity that came along and its something we really like but we can keep them down around five that is just great the would be a great event. The exception obviously is if you end up working in an industry where you have got three or four really top light Fortune 500 type credit sitting in there. But the answer is, yes, the lower number is better.
Thomas Lewis: With the payout ratio, if you look about where guidance is up around 91, I will tell you, we are comfortable, given the size of the portfolio and the added diversification you referenced. We would like to walk that back down but it is really rose been a mid to high 80s type companies. So its not material and whether that happens over a year or two, we are open to. So I am going to first say, it will be a more fluid decision. I think the four increases or something that we would plan on. then it is going to be really taking the pulse. We recently use August. It is usually by then we put a fair amount on the books and then we have some clarity relative to how the third and fourth quarters are going to look. That gives a little ability to see what the impact of that fifth dividend is. Not so much in 2013 but 2014. So we are really not to be in a position to know until we get later in the year, but given obviously we did the increase in August $0.06 a share and then we did $0.35. We front loaded it a little bit of it but I wouldn’t want to take it off the table at this point.
Thomas Lewis: We look at lots of stuff, and as you can imagine given the size get an opportunity. Look, we think most everything comes across the line and that be a logical thing to do, but on everything that comes in John references the $17 billion. There is a tremendous amount we've signed confidentiality agreements on and so it's our policy not to reference transactions that we didn't do and so I wouldn't want to go beyond that, but I will tell you there has been a lot of activity in the space over the last year and I did it would be surprising if there were things we didn't look at.
Thomas Lewis: It's interesting a lot of that is generated by the private REIT space, where there's just a tremendous amount of money being raised through the financial advisor community for those type assets and traditionally if you go back, had this longer life which as of late, Scott, shortened up because the liquidity event is something that obviously is considered favorable by those people that would put these on the client's portfolio for a number of reasons economic being some of it and then secondarily I think it also enhances the, say, business model of the sponsor, and so I would see more coming since there's a lot being raised. And if you look at that business, where traditionally it was a lot wider relative to the property types they were dealing in a good part of businesses net lease today. I think there is more out there and then I would reference back to just a lot of the Opco/propco-type stuff. So, it's hard to what it will be property type stuff, so it's hard to know what it will be but I think there will be some larger transactions coming out there. The good time to mention, we over the years on an M&A slide and you and I have talked about this about, have had a lot of opportunities and things presented that could have been done and one of the real challenges is, underwriting in one fell swoop, big portfolio like this. We spend a lot of time underwriting on a very granular basis and this comes along and it really puts pressure on the underwriting side of it. And if you look at this particular transaction it was one where it was mostly investment-grade and it was a lot of the same tenants we work in, in areas that we had targeted and that was one of the reasons we are do it and it was also a fairly new portfolio, so the leases were long. But, with some of these as they age and they come to market, then it brings up a lot of those issues that might make it a little more troublesome for us, but we do want to look at all them.
Thomas Lewis: Great. Listen, thank you everybody for little over hour of time here. We appreciate it the busy earning season, and we will look forward to seeing you at our conferences and look forward to talking to you again next quarter, and thanks, Paul Thanks, John, and thank you, Katya.
Emmanuel Korchman - Citigroup: Good afternoon, guys. Just given John's commentary earlier on the call about an attractive environment for sellers and pricing staying flat to let's call it a little bit richer than it's been over the last couple of years. Why aren't you selling more into it? I mean, 100 million of dispositions, especially as you try to ramp up, your investment-grade portion of the portfolio seems like it's a low number.
Emmanuel Korchman - Citigroup: But it typically wouldn’t be anything outside of that. So you wouldn’t be responsible for taxes or anything more major than…
Emmanuel Korchman - Citigroup: But otherwise they are similar to the rest of your portfolio in being single tenant large (inaudible).
Paul Meurer: Well, I noted it is accelerating, but you are right and we would like to do more, but one of the things that John mentioned was about 80% of the acquisitions are in large transactions and about 100% of the sales are in one-off transactions and rather granular. And if you look at what we have been trying to sell with the C stores and also casual dining restaurants, those are fairly small number, so it is a fairly labor-intensive operation and we also probably would have had a higher volume this year, but we did have a big block of properties probably another $50 million, $60 million that we just started to put on the market and then some M&A activity with the tenant started and that turns out we are getting an upgrade in some of the credit and may not want to sell it. So, I agree. We would like to accelerate it. It is a good market to do into, and if we can go well past the $100 million, we would like to do it.
Paul Meurer: Sure. Yes. It was 0.1% for the year overall and 0.4%. That is cash not GAAP, and normally will run from 1 to 1.5, and if you recall at the start last year we had to tenant issues Friendly's and Buffets, where we did have some rent reductions and during the year we disclosed both, what it would be without and with it for the year that's how you get to that 0.1% numbers, but a lot of that burned off the fourth quarter. Absent that, I think, same-store rent growth this year would have been 1.3% to 1.5%, somewhere in there. And, so with that burning off and the way the leases were structured, no tenant issues. We really anticipate the first-quarter will bounce back closer to 1.5% and then during the year run between 1% to 1.5% same-store rent growth.
Paul Meurer: It is it is very interesting. There is an awful lot of discussion and you know we have had a few companies announce that they are either looking at it or going to do it. Then there has been some movement in our equity and that always causes bankers and lawyers and accountants to more and more discussions and that’s kind of the phase it's at right now. Then the question is, will they get done and if they get done, what will a single tenant REIT trade out and are traditional REIT investors going to accept that or is going to trade at a higher yield? If a bunch of them get going then typically the first one's probably do pretty well and then you have to see but relative to what it means to us, I think from a tax standpoint for most of those to be done on a tax-free basis more than 50% of the equity has to remain with the company spinning off and that has to happen for a couple of years, so it would take a bunch of those, A, happening and, B, a couple of years going by. And then C, probably valuations not meeting expectations before there would be some opportunities. And given the size of the portfolio now there might be some places where we could invest. If all of that happened, given our size it really wouldn't hit massive concentrations. Absent that, we just think it's positive to, again begin the discussions are going on in boardrooms around the country about now you can add value using the real estate, and I think it will accrue to our benefit. How much? We just don't know.
Paul Meurer: $2.4 million for the year and I just don't have it on my fingertips on what it was in the fourth quarter.
Paul Meurer: Right. I am trying to find where you are looking at in the add back, Paula, those are two we'll go figure out.
Paul Meurer: Right. While they may be our stepchild, we love our stepchild, and doing it in volume presents some issues for the ongoing cash flow stream and its consistency, which since will be monthly dividend company. That's very important. We did look at a couple of those ideas I referenced earlier about block of C stores and ended up pulling it off the market so we may do a bit more of that. And as were buying like ARCT, I have been asked are you guys going to sell part of that. We really as you know have taken the entire portfolio and do it again and stratify it, and we do have about I would say 20% of the portfolio that we would like to move up over time, but some of those are also properties that have been on the books, so the leases are little shorter and some of them have some other characteristics that make it a little more challenging in a bulk transactions. So, again, I think if people think towards the hundred-and-over number for this year, that's probably the right one.
John Case: That can happen all the time but that’s primarily not the case with most of non-full triple net stuff that we own.
John Case: There, a minority of the properties that we think it is important to bring it up that if you see a little bit of property expenses that’s where the words coming from. But don’t see a huge acceleration.
John Case: Perfect. And if it is an investment grade tenant or somebody that we really like an assets or special you could also make that five and six, because if you just look, I mean obviously FedEx does get the real estate off balance sheet that's 5.5%, so now we could take those on and I think in larger numbers as we get larger, but we'd step too if they are.
John Case: Yes, we probably added a couple people down there in that and in acquisitions a couple people. Then it just floats around the building because a lot of this was systems and just volume. I think looking forward to this year, that’s where the differential will be. I think we may have a pretty good add this year in acquisitions once again and a pretty good add maybe five or six in the research area, be it in real estate research and then maybe an executive or two with specific expertise. Then again, I think, just looking at all the volume we added this year and moving towards capacity, you have to add ones and twos throughout the building by department. So I think this will be the year and it may not be exactly calendar that that will flow in and I am really thinking specifically in research and specific segments with some people we can bring in that have done a lot of work there and research and acquisitions, primarily.
