John P. Case: Thanks, Sumit. Obviously we’re pleased with the acquisitions we closed this quarter and our level of activity, and we expect acquisitions to remain active for us for this foreseeable future. Yeah, acquisitions also continues to be the primary driver of our revenue, earnings and dividend growth. We are pleased with our earnings in the third quarter our growth in normalized FFO per share is 13.5% versus the third quarter of 2012 and our growth in AFFO per share is 15.4% versus the third quarter of 2012. As Paul mentioned our balance sheet and access to capital remain strong so we have plenty of flexibility to pursue acquisitions. Just last week we completed our second largest equity offering in the history of the company by raising $378 million in net proceeds. We used the proceeds to repay borrowings under our credit facility to permanently and accretively finance third quarter acquisitions activity. Additionally you may have seen two days ago we announced the expansion of our credit facility from $1 billion to $1.5 billion by exercising the in-place $500 million accordion feature that Paul spoke to a few minutes ago. Given the level of acquisitions activity we had been experiencing, we like the additional flexibility to $1.5 billion capacity gives us. We currently have $1.4 billion in available credit capacity on our facility. Relative to the earnings guidance for this year, we’ve tightened our range for FFO and raised and tightened our range for AFFO. We now expect normalized FFO per share to be $2.38 to $2.42 for the year, which represents 18% to 20% FFO per share growth. We also adjusted our AFFO per share to $2.38 to $2.42, which represents 16% to 17% AFFO per share growth. AFFO continues to be a primary focus of ours as it does represent the recurring cash flow from which we pay dividends. We’ve also established earnings guidance for 2014 with normalized FFO estimated to be $2.53 to $2.58 per share which represents 5% to 8% FFO per share growth over the 2013 estimated range. AFFO is estimated to be $2.53 to $2.58 per share as well which represents again 5% to 8% AFFO per share growth. Regarding dividends, we remain optimistic that our activities will continue to support our ability to increase the dividend. Last month we announced the 73rd dividend increase since the company went public in 1994. This brings the annualized dividend amount to just over $2.18 per share. Our dividends paid year-to-date have increased just under 22% over the same period last year. Our payout ratio is currently at about 89% of our AFFO which is a level we are comfortable with. And finally, I’d be remiss if I did not note that this is our Company’s first earnings call since our former CEO, Tom Lewis announced his retirement. I want to take a moment to thank Tom for leading the Company as CEO for over 16 years and helping produce outstanding results for our shareholders. So Tom, if you’re listening out there. Thanks. With that I’d like to open it up for questions. Craig.
John P. Case: Yeah so, on the office activity for the quarter which represented about 18% of the quarterly volume, we’re not at liberty to discuss the exact economics there. It was a situation where we invested in the office facilities that went out of our largest retail clients within investment grade rating. They brought the opportunity to us, and it was an attractive opportunity on an economic basis with the added benefit of enhancing our overall relationship with that tenant. We’re not at liberty to discuss the economics related to the transaction there.
John P. Case: Yeah, I’d say around 30% to 40% was directly sourced from relationships with tenants and other retailers, and the rest was sourced either from private developers or private owners or through marketed transactions through the advisory and brokerage community.
John P. Case: We look at really everything that comes across our desk. And I'd say that as the largest player in the sector and one of the more active players in the sector with a long successful history, we believe we see most major opportunities whether it be at the property level, property portfolio level or entity level. So we'll consider all of that but it will need to meet our investment strategies. So we've been, as Sumit mentioned, quite selective this year relative to the transactions we sourced and a lot of that is just remaining true to what we want to accomplish with the portfolio. So we've passed on a number of opportunities obviously based on the source transactions and what we've done year-to-date.
John P. Case: Yes, that's a good question and we're comfortable with it at 89% as I said, but we would expect it to move into probably the mid 80s over time and that's primarily to accommodate a little bit more on the CapEx side associated with the non-retail properties.
John P. Case: Yes. I don't see any major changes in strategy. We're going to remain careful and selective in our underwriting approach. We'll maintain our conservative balance sheet philosophy and our focus will be on the income generation from which we pay dividends that we intend to increase over time. The core team remains in place as you well know and Tom will continue as Vice Chairman of the Board and he's also serving as an executive advisor. So we see a fair amount of him. One thing I am looking at are our internal systems and staffing and making sure we're adequately structured for the anticipated growth we'll have in the future on those fronts, so we could see a few changes on that front or some additions, I should say. But overall the successful philosophy we've implemented here over the last cycle will continue.
John P. Case: Yes. Well, our staffing our grown less than our overall portfolio has grown, so the business remains scalable. A lot of the staff being – we've added and we're considering adding is related to what we anticipate will be additional growth in the future. We were able to take on the ARCT acquisition without bringing in any of their people and do it primarily in-house. Historically, our G&A has run probably between 7.5% to 8% of revenues, it's going to be just over 7% I think for this year. We would expect that number to decline closer to 6% of revenues next year. So you can see the impact of the scalability.
John P. Case: Yes. With regard to office, typically when we acquire office, it's part of a broader portfolio of properties that we like that happens to have an office component. There are a couple of exceptions to that. One is, if we find a facility that is associated with the retail operations of one of our major tenants and they asked us to take a lot at that, we'll pursue that on a one-off basis. But our real emphasis continues to be on retail as demonstrated by the completed acquisitions to-date as well as industrial and distribution, leased investment grade tenants with tenants that have – generally Fortune 1000 characteristics and good revenue basis and are in industries that we're comfortable with and locations that are strategic to their business. So on the office front that was a heavy quarter for us on the office side and I really wouldn't expect that sort of percentages going forward. So with regard to office, those are our views Jonathan.
John P. Case: Yes. Well, as you know our acquisitions have always been lumpy. That's the word we just use to describe on. In the first quarter of this year they were 128 million at the property level, 738 million in the second quarter which was a record quarter and then another heavy quarter, 502 million. So 75% of these acquisitions really come in, in the form of portfolios. And if you miss a portfolio or two or win a portfolio or two, it can really swing your numbers. And then if they slip a date or move up a couple of weeks into a new quarter, they can really make the quarters quite lumpy. So it's never been a smooth acquisition process for us. We have pretty good visibility with just a couple of months remaining in the year, so we feel comfortable with approximately 1.5 billion in guidance we've given you.
John P. Case: Yes, with regard to dispositions we're going to end up the year having about 125 million which is a pretty good number for us in terms of size. Last year that was closer to 50 million. Next year we're anticipating in access of 75 million to 100 million. And most of what we're selling is kind of coming out – is our kind of bottom bucket which is sort of a watchlist. And as we've grown the company through acquisitions and made dispositions, we brought the watch list down of a black as we call it group of companies from 23% in July of 2011 to 9% today. Now, that doesn’t mean we want to sell everything that’s in that 9% category. That just means those are properties that we’re watching, maybe we have industry concerns or credit concerns or specific real estate concerns. So, generally the dispositions will come out of that pool. So we’ll remain active on that front. But as you know our ability to transact in very large quantities there is offset by what we acquire in order to minimize the dilution from the activities. We normally budget on the property dispositions 8% sales cap rates or say that that’s a bit conservative. This year we run around the mid 7’s in terms of sales cap rates and we’re pleased with that, but we’ll continue to budget through conservatisms right around an 8% for the disposition cap rates.
John P. Case: Yeah, it's approximately $1 billion at cap rates consistent or in the area of where we’re seeing them today, so below 7’s.
John P. Case: Right. Well; we’re out there and I think we’re as active as anyone in the sector in terms of investing and purchasing property, so it's important to us to do transactions that are accretive. But it's also very important for us to be protected relevant to replacement costs and relevant to market rents. So we look at all of that. In terms of asset values, yeah we see transactions that we like where we don’t lend those due to pricing. So, we try to be quite cognizant of that. I mean ARCT was a transaction that accomplished a lot for us on the strategic side. And as you know we financed it, two thirds equity, one third debt and locked in the spreads there. It was at a cap rate that was below what we were achieving at the time on our organic property level acquisitions that was in the high 5’s, but we looked at that transaction differently than we do some of our property level organic acquisitions.
John P. Case: Well we don’t comment on pending merger and acquisition activity. I will say this, with regard to the activity that’s occurred in the sector, I think its positive. We’ve seen a lot of private to public consolidation, public-to-public consolidation in the sector, which I think attracts more interest into the sector. And being the largest company with the longest operating track record, I think that interest in the sector with new investors and new awareness can only help us. But I cant speak specifically as on any pending acquisition opportunities.
John P. Case: Yes. Well, ARCT was a very, very strong strategic bid for us. And when we pursue entity level acquisitions, we look for a number of checks, the transaction needs to be immediately accretive as our team was on a leveraged neutral basis. It needs to generally improve our overall diversification and our portfolio credit quality. Ideally it would improve occupancy and link in our average remaining lease terms and reduce concentrations in our portfolio. We see few of those opportunities, but ARCT was one of that.
John P. Case: Yes. We thoroughly analyzed everything that comes through the door with our acquisitions team and the broader team here and make decisions either prior to investment committee or within the investment committee in terms of what we do on all acquisition. So seldom do we dismiss things quickly, but it does happen.
John P. Case: I would think that it would be consistent with the percentages we’ve seen this year maybe a little bit lower in terms of spreads, Sumit touched on those. The cap rates seem to have stabilized and adjusted to the change in capital costs that occurred really in May. So cap rate seem to be holding steady at where they’re today. In terms of spreads, our spreads are actually debt or relative to our weighted average cost of capital on our acquisitions this quarter than where they’ve been historically. We are running in at about a 165 basis points spread relative to our weighted average cost of capital currently and over the life of the Company that’s been about 145 basis points. So our spreads to debt have gotten better, while our -- as Sumit mentioned, our spreads to our nominal cost of equity have come down a little bit to the average levels during the life of the Company. So I think those spreads, I mean, I don’t know where our capital will be priced next year, but we’re anticipating those spreads to hold for now.
John P. Case: Well, we're seeing activity based on our sourcing numbers which are very high, so we continue to work some of that. So we do have some visibility over the next few quarters and Todd it remains very difficult to predict and project, but we thought that it would be more appropriate to come out with a number of approximately 1 billion next year. And part of that is guided based upon our view of what's happening today and may spillover into the early part of next year.
John P. Case: Yes, we'll be open-minded. I think it depends on what the property is and the overall return and economics. But in the industrial sector they often refer to triple net lease in a manner that's different than we do in the retail sector and it's triple net and that the tenant is responsible for maintenance, insurance and taxes, but there may be some structural components that the landlord is responsible for and that's the primary difference and that's what Paul was alluding to.
John P. Case: Okay. Thanks, Craig, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We appreciate your time and we look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT and speaking to you again at the beginning of the year for the fourth quarter call. Everybody have a great Halloween. Take care.
Paul M. Meurer: No. I think this year you’re seeing two events. One was the July acceleration relative to the old 10 year vesting converting to the 5 year which is our stock best now for all outstanding old 10 year grants. And then the other is the process of our transition at the executive suite level and as it relates to what would, I would just describe a slight anomaly in the level of stock issuance this year now versus the run rate going forward.
Paul M. Meurer: That’s part of it. The other thing you’re seeing in the AFFO calculation is a little bit more amortization related to above market leases in our FAS 141 work if you will. So there’s offsetting factors there that historically we didn’t have in the portfolio, whether it be assumed mortgages or assumed existing leases and the accounting related to them that created -- create differentials between FFO and AFFO. In the past all we had was adding back amortization of financing cost of dot comp offset by straight line rent in CapEx. As for CapEx specifically to answer your question, we see a similar run rate for next year, call it a $8 million projected number as it relates to 2013 as a whole and 2014 as a whole.
Paul M. Meurer: Sure. We are expecting approximately 1 billion in acquisitions at roughly on the yields we are seeing today in the market, so that's what we budgeted for 2014. And with regard to same-store rents, we think they'll continue around 1.3% or be perhaps a bit higher. So those are the numbers we're using in our estimates for 2014.
Paul M. Meurer: Yes. The other income line is one that I typically don't comment on because it's not a line that we want people to kind of underwrite from a run rate perceptive. It typically includes ongoing property level type issues like easement or eminent domain takings where you receive a payment. Those are usually very positive cash flow transactions by the way, but they flow into that line as well as interest income that we might have, cash on hand, rent come in early if you raise money that sits for a week before you invest it into that nature, it kind of flows into that line. So it's not one that we try to project out and have people underwrite in their projections or earnings for us. But there's always going to be something there and that's what fell into that line as is the norm. In terms of the credit line, yes, we're real pleased with our existing bank group of 15 lenders all saying yes and participating in the increase there and the exercise of our accordion. And what it does do it give us more flexibility. John referenced on the acquisition front gives us more flexibility. The ability for Sumit to proceed with LOIs [ph] that have no financing contingency in them because we have a large line to draw upon so that it makes your offer naturally stronger when you have the ability to do that. And then yes, on the permanent capital financing front gives us more flexibility and patience to wait for the appropriate market windows, whether that be for equity or bonds or preferred, but to be able to carry a little bit of balance and wait for a good market window in order to raise the permanent capital. So it kind of gives us flexibility on the front-end with acquisitions but also in the capital markets front as well.
Paul M. Meurer: Yes, we historically as you know the property expense line was going to be related to taxes, maintenance, insurance, utilities all on vacant properties. So it was catch on a line for the 50 to 100 properties in any given point in time that we were carrying until we re-lease them or sold them, but we were responsible for those expenses. That was a different number. That was a number that was more in the $12 million to $13 million, $14 million type range I'd call it. And that is still in that number and part of that. The reason it's increased a bit from a run rate obviously, it's still a pretty manageable number is that we have had a portion of our portfolio grow into more of a double net structure. Some assets that we bought do have leases that give us some responsibilities as landlord. That's primarily [indiscernible]. Those costs are not – on an order of magnitude there are concerning, the ones that we budget for and they could range from $0.05 a square foot to $0.30 a square foot, if you will, in terms of what we're budgeting for those. And that's what has increased that run rate. It started to hit the $50 million area beginning of the year and now we're looking at more of a $20 million of run rate into next year as we look at our existing portfolio.
