Paul Meurer: Thanks John. As usual, I will comment and provide brief highlights regarding our financial results for the quarter starting with the income statement. Total revenue increased 11.4% for the quarter; this increase reflects our growth primarily from new acquisitions over the past year as well as same-store rent growth. Our annualized rental revenue at March 31st was approximately $936 million. On the expense side, interest expense increased in the quarter to $58.5 million. This increase was primarily due to our two recent bond offerings, the $350 million 10 year notes we issued last June and $250 million 12 year notes issued in September. We also recognized a non-cash $1.1 million loss on interest rate swaps during the quarter. On a related note our coverage ratios, both remained strong with interest coverage at 3.9 times and fix charge coverage at 3.4 times. General and administrative or G&A expenses were approximately $12.9 million for the quarter, essentially unchanged from the prior year. Included in G&A expenses approximately $94,000 in acquisition cost. Our G&A as a percentage of total rental and other revenues is only 5.4% and our projection for G&A expenses in 2015 remains the same at approximately $55 million. Property expenses which were not reimbursed by tenants totaled $4 million for the quarter. Our current projection for property expenses that we will be responsible for in 2015 remained approximately $20 million. Provisions for impairment of approximately $2.1 million during the quarter includes impairments we recorded on one sold property, one property classified as held for sale and one property where the building was replaced. Gain on sales were approximately $7.2 million in the quarter and just a reminder as always we do not include property sales gained in our FFO or in our AFFO. Funds from operations or FFO per share was $0.68 for the quarter a 4.6% increase versus a year ago and adjusted funds from operations or AFFO or the actual cash we have available for distribution as dividends was $0.67 per share for the quarter a 4.7% increase versus a year ago. Dividends paid increased 2.6% in Q1 and we again increased our cash monthly dividend this quarter. Our monthly dividend now equates to a current annualized amount of approximately $2.274 per share. Briefly turning to the balance sheet, we've continued to maintain a conservative and safe capital structure. As you know in early April we raised approximately 276 million of new equity capital in conjunction to the S&P 500 Index. The index inclusion was an excellent opportunity to raise capital at a very lost by offering shares to the index fund needing to buy stock on that specific day. Our bonds which are all unsecured and fixed rate and continued to be rated BAA1 BBB+ at a weighted average maturity of seven years. Our $1.5 billion acquisition credit facility had a $370 million balance at March 31st. After the equity offering and our acquisition activity in April the facility balance today is approximately $400 million. We did not assume any mortgages during the quarter. We did pay off some at maturity so our outstanding net mortgage debt at quarter end decreased to approximately $785 million. Not including our credit facility, the only variable rate debt exposure to rising interest rates that we have is on just $15.5 million of mortgage debt. And our overall debt maturity schedule remains in very good shape with only $68 million of mortgages and $150 million of bonds coming due in 2015 and our maturity schedule as well later thereafter. Currently our debt to total market capitalization is approximately 29% and our preferred stock outstanding is only 2.5% of our capital structure. And our debt to EBITDA at quarter end was approximately 5.7 times. Now let me turn the call back over to John who will give you more background on the quarter.
Paul Meurer: You know it's a typical number I think that it's best to be modeled not a zero as recommended in the past, right, because it's a active portfolio, it's large and you know we actively manage this such that you're going to find income there periodically from easements, proceeds from insurance situations on properties, takings, main takings of may be a small piece of land from an investment, interest income, so it's kind of a mismatch that you're going to have some level of a run rate there. And then the reason was a little bit larger in this particular quarter was a whole back of some funds that we had set aside in an acquisition that was returned to us in the first quarter that the tenant did not need for some tenant improvements they had planned to do in a property that we were acquiring towards the end of last year. So that pops it up a little bit more than usual.
Paul Meurer: That feels about right, that's correct. And I wouldn’t annualize the number you are looking at here in this first quarter because it did have one unusual $400,000 item in it but otherwise you're going to have some income in that line item every quarter.
Paul Meurer: It’s certainly open and I would say as a general comment it’s always something of interest longer term, given that we like the match fund longer term with our liabilities versus as you know our long-term asset. So it’s really just a function of how it feels and worth price in a times, it’s very aggressive and is very, very compelling. So it’s something we would always consider. You may recall that last time we did it, it really was the result of a reverse increase from the life company who specifically reached out to us wanting to place third year paper with us and then we surrounded that with some other investors to create a natural trade at that time. But it’s something we will look at each and every time when we consider typically for us long-term fixed rate liability.
John Case: Nick this is John here. I think that Walgreens is looking at closing 200 underperforming stores while at the same time opening up 200 new stores. Our average lease term with Walgreens is 14 years and we have good performing stores we only have about five coming due in the next three or four years and those are all strong performers. If they were to close one of our stores of course they would be responsible for paying rent through the term of the lease. But we’re not expecting any impact from that at all. We continue to like that business quite a bit as you know.
John Case: So it will be a function of where we are on acquisitions for the remainder of the year. We have front loaded our equity a fair amount this year as you know partly as a result of the S&P inclusion, so we've raised 379 million in equity to date I would see over the balance of the year we’ll tend to go in the direction of fixed income markets but we’ll look at both equity and debt markets and determine at the appropriate time what makes the most sense for the company from a funding perspective. But given where we are with the balance sheet and what we’ve done year-to-date we’ve got a lot of flexibility there.
John Case: We will release the details on those acquisitions on our second quarter earnings call in July as we typically do. What we can say is that it was principally attributable to a large sale leaseback transaction with an existing tenant. And we're have limited in terms of what we can say about it at this time. We thought it would be helpful to disclose amount in April to put context along with our guidance for the year in terms of acquisitions.
John Case: We’re comfortable at 48%. We don’t have a litmus test or a target. We execute both the non-investment grade and investment grade transactions that are investment strategy within our investment parameters. I will say that as a result of the Dollar Tree acquisition of Family Dollar you will see the investment grade percentage tick down to the mid-40 to probably be around 44% at the end of the quarter because Family Dollar will go from investment grade to non-investment grade. But I think it will remain in the 40s and generally the mid-upper 40s for the remainder of the year. I don’t think it will change substantially. We’re happy with the credit profile of the portfolio and again we’ll execute both the non-investment grade and investment grade opportunities that make sense for us. So that at this point driven by the opportunities we’re seeing in the marketplace.
John Case: Typically the renewals are for the existing tenants around five years and for new tenants about seven years, that’s held strong for last five, ten years and we’re not really getting much feedback that that’s changing. So we’re not seeing much pressure for shorter lease terms nor we able to extend those lease terms much further into the future than five and seven years.
John Case: It’s 1.2% of revenues today. It’s about a 150 million in properties. There is a fair amount of casual dining and child daycare on that. This really hasn’t changed substantially since the last quarter.
John Case: Yes, it’s pretty much in line with what they’ve done historically. On investment grade overall they’re averaging around 1%. On the non-investment grade they are around 1.7% somewhere around there. So not much of the change in terms of rent growth from the acquisitions we did in the first quarter versus what we’ve done over the last few years.
John Case: It’s a significant consideration for us. When we have 9.5 billion of acquisition opportunities like we did in the first quarter yet we execute 210 million, we’re being very selective and a lot of that is driven by structures and pricing that is being given by the markets of these sellers that we’re not willing to match. And that that certainly includes a fair amount of not only rents that are well above market but also replacement cost that are sometimes 150% to 200% pricing of replacement costs 150% to 200%. So there's some pretty aggressive structure in getting done and that’s while you see us continue to be quite selective.
John Case: It’s really up to 20 basis points or so and we don’t see a difference between the retail and the industrial assets. It holds true for both classes of assets.
John Case: Yes, it’s really all over the place but the reason it’s so competitive today Todd because of the function of the yields offered and that’s clearly driven by the interest rates and alterative investments, but we see a lot of players work in this space five years ago coming at and aggressively buying assets. And in some cases I would say that there is not a lot of discipline on some of the acquisitions we see done away from us. So there seems to be an aggressive search for yield.
John Case: Well, we've seen really an evaporation of the portfolio premium because of resurgence in the 1031 market and lenders lending to that buyer class. So we’ve seen the cap rates on the one-off transactions reach the cap rate that we were seeing on the portfolios and in some cases some asset classes that are even more aggressive. So we're seeing may be the beginning of a reversal where the art is from portfolio to on-off transactions. But that clearly today is non-premium pricing for you know portfolio transactions of several hundred million.
John Case: Yeah, well you know we're pleased that we've been able to raise it to just under 75 million at the end of the quarter. We continue to look for opportunities to continue to grow that and given the returns we have on those investments and the higher yields. So we're looking at industrial properties and retail sort of a balance of the two and you know good lease terms and cap rates that are in excess of 9% versus closer to 7% high 6% on the straight acquisition side.
John Case: Yes, in industrial we had a number of expansions with FedEx, you know we had a large retail discount store that’s a ground up development that we started as well. So it's pretty representative of the portfolio.
John Case: Yes it represents the retail portfolio; we got sales and P&Ls on about 65% of the retail tenant. Most of the balance that we don’t get those on are investment grade tenants.
John Case: Those [spots] continue to multiply and their discussions going on, we can’t go into particulars on those but we would expect to have a couple of opportunities over the next year or two. These things take a long-time. The companies that we’re talking to that we’ve been talking to about this concept for a multiple years but it really seems to be gaining momentum with the activist investors coming in more pressure on some of the boards in management teams to more efficiently utilize their real-estate and potentially monetize it. So the number of discussions we always had these discussions, and say the number of these discussions and the seriousness of these discussions is both my much greater today. So we would expect to execute on something over the next year or two on that front.
John Case: I think we would be comfortable for the right tenant, right company, right transaction to go beyond the revenue percentage levels that we are at today. We are at 5.5% at Walgreens and then 9.6% in terms of industry. I could see industry and tenant going beyond that in the near-term and they we try to work our way back down to 10% plus or minus industry revenue exposure and mid single-digits in terms of tenant revenue exposure. So we really like that diversification it’s always been an important element of the story. We’ve never been more diversified than we are today but we would not turn in attractive transaction like that away for a period time to exceed those levels.
John Case: It’s a capital, we’re not acting as the developer, we have a relationship with the number of national development companies and we'll fund development or provide a take out. It’s always -- with the signed lease on hand. So there is no speculative development, so it’s really a capital function and I think because of that I think it’s quite scalable.
John Case: No, there is more time spent by our team. We got to monitor the development process. We work with outside advisors in terms of monitoring the construction and development and then we have our own team and our own people also involved in that. So there is more time, more effort from the management team from our team here in San Diego on development properties versus acquisitions generally speaking.
Collin Mings: And then as far as the acquisition is completed year-to-date but at least during the 1Q, can you may be talk about the breakout between rent bumps and what you’re getting for the investment grade versus non-investment grade.
Collin Mings: And then maybe just remind us just bigger picture here John, as you think about where assets trading right now relative to replacement cost. I think in the past you’ve highlighted some of the deals that are getting out there. These assets are trading well above replacement cost. I mean how does that look in the current environment and how much of a consideration is that if you’re thinking about the different deals that are coming across your desk.
Collin Mings: And then just maybe one last one from me, this goes back talking about the deals that are relationship driven I think in the past you’ve suggested maybe 20, 25 basis point greater yield than some of the non-relationships deals. Does that spread still hold true? And then is there any differential between some of the retail and non-retail assets when you think about that maybe 25 basis points advantage you get.
