John Case: Thanks, Janeen and welcome to our call today. We are pleased with another solid quarter and our position as we move in to the end of the year and the beginning of 2016. Our AFFO per share annual growth during the quarter was 9.4% and a record quarterly amount of $0.70. As announced in yesterday's press release we are raising and tightening the range of our AFFO per share guidance for 2015 from $2.69 to $2.73 to the new range of $2.72 to $2.74 given the company strong year-to-date performance and continued scalability of our business platform. A very high percentage of our revenue continues to flow bottom line. We are also introducing our 2016 AFFO per share guidance of $2.85 to $2.90 representing annual per share growth of 4.4% to 6.2%. I will now hand it over to Paul to provide additional detail on our financial results.
John Case: So the large Delta with regard to FFO is a result of swap and the impact that has on FFO and we don’t see that one in AFFO. So it is very difficult to predict forward curve. So you see that it did have a $4 million impact this year it could go down from there so you wanted to make sure we love to range bought out the handle, what we though would be reasonable in terms of movement there.
John Case: Over the trailing 12 months we’ve received around 4 million in percentage rent, larger quarters are post quarter typically, fourth quarter won't have a large percentage rent we are not expecting the fourth quarter to have a large percentage rent figure in it. So but again those are irregular and we can give surprise as we were in the second quarter with regard of percentage rents. So go ahead.
John Case: Let me take a crack at that one. Obviously we view the merger as a net positive for the company, we believe it's a credit and value enhancing event, Realty Income is likely to improve the credit quality, or definitely will improve the credit quality of the portfolio with an additional 1.8% at least of our rent becoming investment grade rated. S&P affirmed the BBB rating yesterday but did put Walgreens on negative outlook, which is normal in these M&A situations. As you recall, when we bought ARCT we were put on negative outlook while S&P waits to see how you execute and finance the transaction. There will be no impact on our revenue as a result of the impossible divestitures, Walgreens will have the contractual obligation to pay the rent through the term. The pundits in the market over the last two days have estimated that anywhere from zero to 400 stores could be closed, so that's quite a range. But on our Walgreens assets we have an average lease term of 13 years. On our Rite Aid assets we have an average lease term of nine years. And there’s really little property overlap and the two portfolios of the 58 Rite Aid locations we own, 15 of those and within a two-mile radius of a Walgreens store and the average lease term is about eight years. So we feel really good about that and we’re pleased with both companies performance. We’ll take our - depending on acquisitions between now and the end of next year, it will take our exposure - percentage of revenues from Walgreens up to somewhere in the high eights probably, right around 9%. But if we are going to have a tenant, that’s a little higher that we typically like the concentrations to be. But if we’re going to have a tenant there we like that it’s Walgreens. And from a drugstore industry perspective there will be no change and our exposure will still be at around 11%.
John Case: Yes, so as you know, the acquisitions compositions and amounts vary quite a bit quarter- to-quarter. This quarter we had 52% retail and 48% industrial and there was a FedEx in there. So we did check on some additional revenues from FedEx. It's going to fluctuate in the second quarter we had well in excess of 700 million in acquisition and we had quarters where they’ve been close to zero and quarters where they’ve exceeded billion dollars. It’s certainly volatile. But there's really nothing to read into that, when we look at what we’ve done year-to-date 87% has been the retail and we continue to have 79% of our revenues come from retail property. So you are not going to see that number change much. So it's better than average and it’s just relevant here in the third quarter. 
John Case: Yes, that’s very fair. We are going to have our third best year ever in terms of consolidated acquisitions. We are going to have our second best year ever in term of sourced acquisition opportunities. So there is a lot of momentum in the business and I wouldn't characterize this declining momentum might characterize the typical fluctuations quarter-to-quarter and acquisition volume. So again it's very difficult to predict, but we are certainly comfortable with where the business is and the momentum we have.
John Case: Yes, I mean we are probably be at 1% or less of our equity markets cap in a quarter, it's not something we're going to used to replace offerings with that it allows us to matching on their acquisitions, be more opportunistic with regard to raising equity and to fund that equity at a much, much lower cost than we do a typical offering, but we will continue to do offerings such as we did post third quarter end.
John Case: Yes, it’s pretty stable at 1.1% and not everything on there we’ll end up selling so we are as you heard slipping inside, ramping up our dispositions a bit on what we had originally planned for this year from $50 million to $65 million. We are achieving excellent results on our sales and these are – some of them have issues associated with them perhaps credit, real estate issues, coverage issues, industry issues and some we are just selling because we have maybe some concentration issues and you don’t want to reduce our concentration levels, but the fact that we are able to sell these year-to-date at a 77 cap rate, 72 cap rate in the third quarter and achieved an IRR unlevered 14%. I think kind of shows you the quality of our portfolio because we are calling off kind of the lower quality assets in general. So I hope that shows the market that we will get a strong portfolio if that's where those properties we want to dispose of the trading.
John Case: But I think overall yes I think it’s safe to say we’ll continue to execute the levels we executed at this year.
John Case: Overall, I think that safe to say, again we see for more opportunities on the retail side and retail oriented 79% et cetera earlier about revenues are coming from our retail properties and do not expect that the change materially next year.
John Case: You’ll see sometimes in smaller portfolios you might have an average lease yield – an average lease term Todd 12-years but we are going to have some maybe seven, eight years and there certainly in larger portfolios as well. So we target 10-years and above its typically the natural lease terms range from 10 to 25 I think year-to-date but just under 17 years which is a good number for us. And that continue to focus on that in the long-term range in area to be in.
John Case: Yes, I mean if you look at the market today, there's about a 50 to 75 basis points differential between where Rite Aid and where Walgreens would trade. So you’ve got yield of anywhere depending on other factors 50 to 75 basis points higher on a Rite Aid and you got a Walgreens. So you expect that to condense based on Walgreens acquisition.
John Case: No, we didn’t I mean this is just a function of the opportunities we saw that met our investment parameters. And there’s a lot of volatility from quarter-to-quarter and the amount and quality of acquisition opportunities we see. So, we are very pleased with where our own balance sheet is. We got a lot of financial flexibility and significant liquidity. So we did not specifically pull back on the acquisitions activity as a result of some of the volatility we saw on the marketplace.
John Case: Yes, it’s been an interesting conversation we’ve had and certainly something we’ve studied Rich and that is do you get paid for larger more liquid offerings and certainly a lot of our fixed income investors would prefer those and say that you do. But when you look at the case studies available and we work with our bankers, you don't see a pricing advantage. But that being said larger company as Paul said, doing larger transactions. I think you’ll see our average transactions certainly grow beyond $250 million. And you could see some $0.5 billion bond deals in our future.
John Case: Yes, so really we realized probably $4 million to $5 million in savings due to fewer defaults this year and lower vacancy I think an improved stronger portfolio it’s reducing our property expense obligations that the company is responsible for. We are also helping to drive that is much quicker resolution of lease rollovers improved our property insurance premiums as well to become a larger company with scale on. On the G&A front, if you go back and kind of our headcount about three years ago we got some pretty significant additions and headcount and year after that they were fairly significant. And we are really positioning the company to handle the growth that we had anticipated and it would continue. Those hiring have fallen each year. We’ve put really skilful people in place I think and having more efficient organizational structure and more efficient systems which allow us to have better G&A margin. So there are some other items related to that, but that's what it's really about. So when we budgeted this year, we budgeted some headcount and did not end up having to add to the company which helped us come in at $2 million to $4 million below where we thought we were going to be on that item. So that's what really is driving the property expenses and G&A expense margins.
John Case: Its really a function of timing, I am not Paul obviously but I want to talk about this sort of philosophy. We are comfortable with the company two-third equity, one-thirds debt right now we are closer to 70%, 71% equity today little more conservatively capitalizing that saw an attractive opportunity to executed in overnight offering at pricing that would be attractive and highly accretive to our investments and we had a use for the proceeds and we want to precision the balance sheet and a very clean and look and ready to find our anticipated acquisitions going into 2016. So this is not a level, this is not a new level that really represents the change in leverage policy for us Dan just a average of the recent launch equity offering.
John Case: Which we could answer the question this year we thought there going to be more back end loaded giving a couple of larger portfolios we will working on and when those tenants want into close and then two changed and all suddenly we went from expecting back end loaded acquisition here that switch to front end loaded acquisition here. Its really difficult to predict, so in model right now we just add that 750 million based on a pro rate structure throughout the year. It wont happen that happen that way. There will be quarters where there’s big numbers and there will be quarters where there small numbers. Unfortunately I'm not smart enough to tell you which quarters are going to be big and which quarter are going to be smaller.
John Case: Yes, we continue to be involved in a number of conversations on that front. We did interpret that as a net positive. Because if you are going to monetize real estate, the IRS has taken that stance, then you sale-leaseback, financing, transactions with companies like ours is the appropriate and best execution we believe. Has there been a sea wave of additional discussions? No, but there is been a slight uptick and we continue to be fairly optimistic that one or two of those will hit and be significant 
John Case: Sure, Chris. So what we’ve said single tenant is that we’re comfortable in the mid single-digit range, so call that count of up to 7%, under certain circumstances we would be comfortable going above that, but over the long run, we would like to manage that exposure back down because the diversification is highly important to us on our strategy. So you’ll see that we kind of assuming that the Walgreens-Rite Aid transaction closes, we’ll have a tenant that’s in the upper eights in terms of percentage of revenues. So that will be a tenant that we look very, very closely at it in terms of increasing our exposure in fact we would not want to increase that exposure unless there was just something exceptional in terms of an incredibly attractive investment opportunity and then we have discussions with our team here and with our board to see if we even wanted to do that. On the industry side it's always been, kind of in the lower double digits, sort of 10% to 12% range and we want to remain in that area and right now we are in that area but the diversification is something that we think is important in our type of business.
John Case: Yes, there is more growth in the Rite Aid leases, and there is the Walgreens leases. So I don’t know that's what you were asking about or not, but there are some minor differences in terms of the two types of leases but not major.
John Case: We are seeing so many opportunities and the investments that fall with our investment parameters today that's not something we are really looking at. We do have a group and team here that we're constantly looking at what other alternatives in terms of properties may makes sense for us to pursue, but we are really comfortable with where we are right now and we certainly don't have any plans to go into the infrastructure business.
John Case: Thanks, Aaron. We appreciate everyone joining today and look forward to seeing most of you in a few weeks at NAREIT. Have a good afternoon and thanks again. Take care.
Paul Meurer: Thanks John. As usual, I’ll provide a few highlights of our financial statements for the quarter and began with the income statement. Total revenue increased 9.8% for the quarter; this increase reflects our growth primarily from new acquisitions over the past year as well as same-store rent growth. Our annualized rental revenue at September 30 was approximately $992 million. Interest expense increased in the quarter to $64 million. This increase was due to the $250 million 12-year notes we issued in September of last year and $250 million term loan issued at the end of last quarter. As well as the lower amortization of mortgage premiums as our outstanding mortgage balance continues to decline. We also did recognize a non-cash loss of approximately $5.2 million on interest rate swaps during the quarter. As a remainder, we enter into an interest rate swap on the new term loan we issued in June with led to the larger non-cash loss this quarter. On a related note our coverage ratios, both remained strong with interest coverage at 4.2 times and fixed charge coverage at 3.8 times. Both of these metrics are pro forma for the paydown of the credit facility balance with proceeds from our common stock offering earlier this month. General and administrative or G&A expenses were approximately $10.9 million for the quarter. Included in G&A expense this quarter is approximately $70,000 in acquisition costs. And reminder that we include these acquisition costs in our calculation to both FFO and AFFO. Year-to-date our G&A as a percentage of total rental and other revenues is only 5.3%. We estimate this 5% will remain our approximate one rate for G&A for the remainder of the year. As efficiencies in our business model continue to drive improving EBITDA margins. Property expenses which were not reimbursed by tenants totaled $3.4 million for the quarter. Year-to-date our property expenses as a percentage of total rental and other revenues is only 1.5%. We estimate this 1.5% will remain our approximate one rate the property expenses for the remainder of the year. As these expenses have continue to come in lower this year with lower portfolio vacancy, faster releasing of vacant properties, lower property insurance premiums and fewer one-time maintenance expenses. Provisions for impairment of approximately $3.9 million during the quarter including impairments on one property held for sale, one held for investment, and two sold properties. Gain on sales were approximately $6.2 million in the quarter and just a reminder we do not include property sales gains in our FFO or AFFO. Adjusted Funds from Operations or AFFO or the actual cash we have available for distribution as dividends was $0.70 per share for the quarter, a 9.4% increase versus a year ago. We again increased our cash monthly dividend this quarter and now it equates to a current annualized amount of $2.286 per share. Briefly turning to the balance sheet, we’ve continued to maintain our conservative capital structure. In September, we established an ATM or at-the-market equity distribution program to offer and sell up to 12 million shares giving us the ability to issue equity capital on an opportunistic basis. Through quarter-end, we had not yet issued any equity through this program. During the quarter, we did raise $152 million of equity capital through our direct stock purchase plan. And earlier this month we raised $517 million in net proceeds in a common stock offering, we used the proceeds to pay down all outstanding borrowing on our $2 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. Our bonds which are all unsecured and fixed rates and continued to be rated BAA1, BBB+ at a weighted average maturity of 6.5 years. We again did not assume any mortgages during the quarter. We did pay off some at maturity so our outstanding net mortgage debt at quarter and decreased to approximately to $695 million.  Not including our credit facility, the only variable rate debt exposure we have is on just $15.5 million of mortgage debt. And our overall debt maturity schedule remains in very good shape with only $2 million of mortgages and $150 million of bonds coming due for the balance of this year and our maturity schedule is well laddered thereafter. Currently, our debt to total market capitalization is approximately 28% and our preferred stock outstanding is only 2% of our capital structure. And our debt to EBITDA ratio after the equity offering is approximately 5.1 times. Now let me turn the call back over to John who will give you more background on these results.
Paul Meurer: Yes, so one piece of that is the swaps and making some assumptions to account for potential non-cash gain or loss there. The other issue is less mortgage premium amortization because our mortgage balance has gone down significantly as you can see over time. And then the third piece would be a little bit less capital expenditures spend that we projected for next year 
Paul Meurer: I would think so I mean we budget something little bit more conservative in the high seven and close to 8%, but again it’s going to be a function of the macroeconomic environment and which is more than enough. We are able to – where interest rates in the macroeconomic environment will be next year.
Paul Meurer: Yes, we are looking at cap rates that are probably right around what we are achieving now so they are consistent with – we are assuming there are no material changes in cap rates today. So assume those sort of high sixes area, in terms of spreads Paul you want to hit on that in terms of cost of capital. I think we will continued to be in the area north of our long-term average of 150 basis points or 140 basis points will be in the upper 100s maybe up to 175 basis points.
Paul Meurer: It was the FedEx ground that we are not allow to give an specific details on that transaction were subject to confidential reality agreement with FedEx with regard to this specifics and pricing.
Paul Meurer: Yes, its actually our cheapest form of raising equity, closer to 1% average cost there of issuance compare to an ATM with this going to be more like 1.5% to 2% and then your overnight offering there going to be more than that obviously. So it is a product that will remain and utilizing with largely with existing shareholders as well as part of that, their ability to reinvest. But not to any significant amount. As John mentioned we’ll be doing a little bit of that activity in quarter going forward. But any larger equity raises would be dependent upon acquisition volume.
Paul Meurer: They may get bigger at times of course, as we get larger as a company, you could certainly see larger issuances certainly in the minimum of $250 million to be index eligible something we would always pursue. But at point in time when you go to issue the bond it really depends on what your needs are at that particular time. And if you don't have say $500 million cash needed at that moment, you are not going to issue $500 million bonds that’s happened a few time. And furthermore we haven't quite seen any pricing improvement having a slightly larger offering size. If we would start to understand that you get a little bit better pricing from the debt investors for a larger liquid offering, that something we made and pursue more.
Paul Meurer: If that was scenario, for example, I think the preference would be to do say, two $500 million rather than four $250 as your fixed income investors would prefer the larger liquidity in each particular issuance, but you can't always project what your needs are going to be in the state of the bond market, the acquisition deal flow timing and that sort of thing of course. 
Sumit Roy: Thank you, John. During the third quarter of 2015 we invested $124 million in 47 properties located in 22 states at an average initial cash cap rate of 7% and with a weighted average lease term of 10.9 years. On a revenue basis 35% of total acquisitions are from investment grade tenants. 52% of the revenues are generated from retail and 48% are from industrial. These assets are leased to 18 different tenants in 13 industries; some of the most significant industry is represented transportation services, motor vehicle dealerships and quick service restaurants. We closed 10 independent transactions in the third quarter and the average investment for property was approximately $2.6 million. Year-to-date 2015 we invested $1.1 billion in 195 properties located in 36 states at an average initial cash cap rate of 6.5% and with the weighted average lease term of 16.7 years. On a revenue basis 50% of total acquisitions are from investment grade tenants. 87% of the revenues are generated from retail and 13% are from industrial. These assets are leased to 35 different tenants in 18 industries. Some of the most significant industries represented our health and fitness, drugstores and quick service restaurants. Also 35 independent transactions closed year-to-date, three transactions were about $50 million. The transactions will continues to remain healthy, we sourced more than $4 billion in the third quarter, year-to-date we’ve sourced more than $24 billion in potential transaction opportunities. Of these opportunities, 62% of the volumes sourced were portfolios and 38% or approximately $9 billion were one-off assets. Investment grade opportunities represented 36% for the third quarter. Of the $124 million in acquisitions closed in the third quarter, 77% were one-off transactions. We continued to capitalize on our extensive industry relationships developed over 46-year operating history. As to pricing, cap rates remain flat in the third quarter with investment grade properties trading from around 5% to high 6% cap rate range and non-investment grade properties trading from high 5% to low 8% cap rate range. Our disposition program remained active. During the quarter, we sold eight properties for $21.5 million at a net cash cap rate of 7.2% and realized an unlevered IRR of 14.2%. This brings us to 22 properties sold year-to-date for approximately 52 million at a net cash cap rate of 7.6% and realized an unlevered IRR of 13%. Our investments spreads relative to our weighted average cost of capital were healthy averaging 212 basis points in the third quarter, which were above our historical average spreads. We define investment spreads as initial cash yield less the nominal first year weighted average cost of capital. In conclusion the remain confident of reaching our acquisition and disposition goals of approximately 1.25 billion and 65 million respectively for 2015. With that I'd like to hand it back to John.
Sumit Roy: Yes, sure that’s a very difficult question to answer because it definitely depends on the tenant, on the length of the leads on what kind of especially on the retail side on what kind of an asset it is, but if you what think in terms of an investment grade tenant with 15-year, 20-year lease with growth, they trade right around where in the same ZIP Code and it is very difficult to say that one asset class trade that higher price. Now when you obviously translated on a price per square feet basis et cetera industrial we are looking at high quality industrial assets right around that $70, $75 per square feet ZIP Code and in retail once again depending on whether it’s a Walgreen’s or whether it’s a similar investment grade rated lets called Dollar General they are going to have a different range, anywhere between 175 to 225 to 250.
Sumit Roy: Yes, look I think we did have some in the high single-digits and a lot of them bunched around that area from the high single-digits around 13, 14 there were a couple of assets that had not 15-year lease that’s part of the reason why we were able to get a slightly better yield.
Sumit Roy: Yes, so as of right now, as it says on page 15 we’ve got $58 million of additional commitments to spend and based on the pipeline the next quarter we don't expect to add any new additional development so that number should remain pretty static of course we are going to stand off of that 50 and so you would expect that to go down. In the event, we do get back with some tenants et cetera with regards to redevelopment et cetera. That’s the only reason why that $58 million will change.
