John P. Case: Sure, Juan. First of all, with regard to cap rates, we expect them to stay pretty steady. There is a lot of capital out there pursuing these types of assets. So we don’t anticipate them climbing from here. With regard to spreads, our spot spread, if you will, is roughly equivalent to where we were for 2013. So at this point it looks like we’re holding our spreads. Spreads are down from their peak year of 2012. Its capital has been reprised and there we just see sudden movement last year in cap rates and then they stabilized.Juan Sanabria – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. I kind of mixed this rather quickly. The reason the guidance here are the same, yet the acquisitions was prompt for the 2014 guidance, you said it was if I understand correctly because of the timing, would it seems like you’ve drawn on your revolver implying you’ve done a fair chunk of the 1.2% sort of year-to-date, I was just curious if you give little bit more color as I may have missed the details.
John P. Case: Yes, when you look at the dispositions, we're thinking maybe 50 million to 75 million for this year. When you look at the activity there, it's a combination of assets, where we’ve seen perhaps the operating performance decline, any areas where we would like to decrease our industry exposure, or where we have the few credit concerns. And in a few cases, there is some assets that are performing all right, but just don’t meet our investment strategy, in other words, it could be a multitenant asset that we are selling.Todd J. Stender – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
John P. Case: Yes, I think retail is probably about half of it. And then the other categories constitute the remaining half.Christopher A. Lucas – Green Street Advisors, Inc:  Got it. Thanks guys.
John P. Case: Let me start with the first part of your question. We have plenty of flexibility right now on the revolvers that we have no immediate concrete permanent capital or long-term capital plans. So that’s the first answer to your first question. Why the size? We like the additional liquidity and security and safety that provides the company and it also allows us to pursue larger transactions on a non-financing contingent basis, which really is a competitive advantage that only a few players in the market have.Rich C. Moore – RBC Capital Markets: Yes, the other is…
John P. Case: Well, I mean we’ve seen opportunities with all different forms and shapes and sizes. So we’ve seen over the last several years a few opportunities that would have required the vast majority of that revolver.Rich C. Moore – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, good. Got it. Thanks. And then, I’m curious on the operating expense. I’m not sure why you made that change and it’s interesting that you did, but it’s probably just more detail, but so I guess that’s each question…
John P. Case: Question about the tenant reimbursement stuff?Rich C. Moore – RBC Capital Markets: Yes, including the tenant imbursements and breaking it out.
John P. Case: Yes, the way I will answer that is don’t put zero in because something always tends up there. Business property taking, which could be an eminent domain grab of some property line if they widened the highway, it’s kind of pretty money if you will. In many cases not impinging on your parking or things of that nature. And then, interest income. If you have cash that’s received early that you’re putting away in a bank briefly for some income or you’ve raised something on offering that you haven’t used for a day or two. So it just ends up being something. So my only advice it’s to not put zero in, but I hate to give a number, but there is always going to be something there.Rich C. Moore – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, good. Great. Thank you, guys.
John P. Case: I’d say a significant portion has ended up in the hands of public or private. So we see a lot of it in terms of the exact breakdown.
John P. Case: The situations that I’m alluding to you were all driven by pricing considerations.Emmanuel Korchman – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Great. That’s all from me. Thank you.
John P. Case: Our overall earnings growth so, if you are talking about x percent of growth, then we are going to be try and grow the dividend 0.8x or whatever might be, to try to move that payout ratio down a little bit over time but it will certainly result in what we think will be dividend growth that will be amenable to and helpful to the investor from a return perspective over time.
John P. Case: There is more activity. We saw more activity in 2013 than we did in the previous few years combined property. So it's come back. It's still not back to where it once was, pre-Great Recession, but we’re seeing more activity there.Chris R. Lucas – Capital One Securities, Inc.: So what do you think changes that momentum? Is this financing availability or – well, turned up investments. What you think of kind of gain.
John P. Case: Yes this is a bit more of an impressive investment environment that you had. Again, people are getting their feet under that and feeling a bit more confident even though the economic signals appear to be mixed. They're just seeing more people go into transaction in that marketplace.Chris R. Lucas – Capital One Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks a lot guys. I appreciate it.
John P. Case: Thanks, Danielle, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We appreciate your time and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Take care.
Paul M. Meurer: You’re right. Yes, you’re right, John, I’d say a majority of them have ended up in either public or private hands, but there have been occasions on large, very large transactions that we aware of where those transactions will float.
Paul M. Meurer: No fairly. I mean, like John said sometimes they’re any larger portfolio meaning a service pack transaction that was already affected by another service pack provider in this part of a portfolio or it’s the direct conversation with a strong long-term retailer relationship where the assets take a look at, say, their headquarters’ location as an asset we consider doing something with. But not fortunate as that’s part of a larger deal in dialog.
Paul M. Meurer: Don I think over time we would like to see at the just bit lower somewhere in the mid 80s is the level we think we will be comfortable with.
Paul M. Meurer: Well, as you know with $202 million at the end of January close and some of that involved assuming mortgages about $50 million or so and though you cannot do the math from there because $500 million transaction the montage amount on it, is that 150 so a 100 is assumed out of the $300 million left to close so say $200 million is need on the facility to ultimately close the balance of the inline transaction.Jonathan Pong – Robert W. Baird: Great that’s helpful. Thanks a lot.
