Alan Armstrong: I would say, first of all, on the volume growth, yes, we did build in the flexibility in our relationship with Targa to be able to expand our volumes as we need to, both on transport capacity as well as on the investment in the fractionator. So -- and I would say that we definitely are seeing a lot of opportunity to continue to pick up new barrels out of both the DJ and the Rockies. And so we're pretty excited about that. And obviously, we like the fact that Conway becomes an important center now as we open that up to new markets, so we're pretty excited about that alternative.  And then on the -- I would just say on the rate, we're not going to disclose that. But I would say it's very competitive and we're very excited about it, about the way that rate is structured. And again, I think Targa saw this as a long-term strategic relationship with us, and likewise. And so we see this as a great opportunity to maximize the combination of our assets at Conway and Bellevue.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. I would just say, first of all, most importantly, the Bluestem -- most of that capital for Bluestem will be spent in 2020. So that's primarily why you're not seeing less driver in that. So it's not -- frankly, it's not all that complicated because it really is just quite a bit of pushing. There's a lot of -- in a budget of that size, obviously, there's a lot of things moving around from time to time. But they tend to find themselves towards the mean, and that's precisely the way this came out this year as well.
Alan Armstrong: There's a variety -- for our own equity barrels today, we have the option of either Conway or Bellevue at a differential in price. So today, we do have that option for those barrels up to an amount that we can move under the existing exchange agreement. So I would just say that we do have Bellevue access for those barrels today to the degree it's available. But for the Rocky Mountain Midstream barrels, that's a different story in terms of being able to include those because we're limited on capacity on Overland Pass right now. So as Overland Pass opens up, that allows us to make a very nice margin by making these investments on the downstream.
Alan Armstrong: Christine, I would just add to that question, and it's a good observation on your part. I would just add, we've got several significant upstream projects, like [Checkmark] [ph] pipeline and some other projects that are -- that we have to get completed before we can bring those new processing of those volumes in for processing. So there's quite a bit of infrastructure having to happen upstream to be able to get some of the new drilled volumes from Southwestern and other customers into the front of Oak Grove and we're nearing completion on a lot of that work.
Alan Armstrong: Sure. I'll just take that at a high level and then and Micheal can fill in with some details if required. First of all, I think not all producers out there are created equal, and certainly not all acreage is created equal. And so for instance, if you look at Cabot, which is one of the primary drivers of our growth, they continue to show a very strong growth profile because they've got markets established upwards towards 4 Bcf a day of markets that they've established. And so they've done a great job of getting the markets out in front of them, and we're working furiously to keep our gathering system expanded to keep up with them. So that's very obvious to us where that growth is coming from in that area. As well as Bradford County area continues to grow very rapidly for us as well. And so as Micheal pointed out earlier, we have a lot of transparency into that growth in that area. And then as you move into the South, I would just say that while there has been some folks pulling back a little bit on volume growth, as Micheal mentioned, those MBCs that people have made to us, they're going to work hard obviously to build those up. They are being very successful with the production behind there.  And I would just tell you the 15% CAGR that we put out there earlier, we had quite a bit of room, if you will, between what producers were forecasting at that point versus that 15%. And so we're still very -- feel very confident in that 15% CAGR that we put out earlier based on the detailed work that we do with producers. I would say, as I've mentioned earlier, probably the one more positive things about that growth that's occurred is the Encino acquisition from Chesapeake on that Utica acreage, which was a very large piece of volume and acreage behind us that was declining previously. And now with their activities, we're actually starting to see that growth. So that's a really big positive for us in terms of offsetting some of the declines that exist there, yes.
Alan Armstrong: Well, they're still on their process deciding how aggressively they want to go after it, but I think it's a -- the big shift, of course, is a -- the available capital that Encino has through the Canadian pension fund. And so they are anxious to put that capital to work and driving returns on that. So it takes a while to get ramp back up from the declines that had been occurring in the area, but we're working with them to make sure that we keep the infrastructure out in front of them right now. So I think it's a question of how many rigs that they're going to run in the area right now. I think they're planning -- they've got two and planning on maybe going to three at this point. And so that will -- that's what will drive that. And of course, they're very efficient. They've got a lot of team that was already existing there, very efficient operators. And with three rigs, they'll be growing pretty rapidly in that area.
Alan Armstrong: Sure. TJ, yes, we have completed all of our work and the pipeline auction and it gets triggered just ahead of production coming online. So we're in those discussions and that's all pretty -- I would say that's very clean and very baked, and there's not a whole lot to happen there other than us making decision to exercise that. So really, it's just a matter of Shell doing their work on Appomattox and being ready to flow. And so that's what will drive the timing on that is their work on the Appomattox platform and getting that ready to flow. And they've done a great job, really great execution on Shell team on being so far ahead of schedule as what they had planned originally. And our team did a nice job as well having our side of the infrastructure done. So we're excited about it, a lot of volumes just from the fuels proper, but a lot of new work going on by both Shell and other producers in the area and acreage around that, that would be nice [indiscernible] to the Northwest to our infrastructure out there. So I think that's going to wind up being even bigger than we had originally planned in terms of the number of fields and new development that's going on out there. Both -- again, both by Shell and Chevron's activity in the area as well.
Alan Armstrong: Well, we did say that Targa had -- and this is why it turned out to be such an attractive project for both parties, was because they were building up to that Kingfisher area anyway to capture other volumes in the Midcontinent area there. So this was a low-cost expansion for them to be able to pick our volumes up as well for them. So the transaction and the rates that we enjoy, we're benefiting from that. And so it was just a matter of us placing the capital to build down from Conway down to where they were already going to be picking up other barrels in that area.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. On our system, it would be own -- of course, remember, you have Overland Pass that we own 50% with One Oak upstream of this. That comes into the Conway area and then we would own that system 100%. We would be the -- in terms of shipping on that, we would have an exchange agreement, purchase agreement with Targa for some of those barrels and we will have relationships with upstream producers. Plants that's in the Rocky Mountain area will have relationships where we will be buying their barrels at a fixed margin in that area. So we'll have a combination of both our own equity barrels, which are very substantial today as well as barrels that we've been continuing to pick up in the DJ Basin and some of the surrounding area there.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. Great question. As I mentioned earlier, we structured the transaction so that we can expand both our equity investment and the frac, but that would come with additional volume commitment on our part as well, and so that's kind of how it's structured, so -- but we built in flexibility, knowing how robust we're kind of forecasting the growth in the Rocky Mountain midstream area to be, we want to be prepared to be able to handle those incremental barrels. And so while today, we don't want to make that kind of commitment without seeing the barrels actually show up, we did want to make sure that we had the capacity to allow for that growth coming from that area.
Alan Armstrong: No, I would say we're constantly looking at optimizing our portfolio and. Where we are working really hard, I can tell you the entire team, with the board's support, is working hard to reduce our leverage. And so we continue to work various transactions and asset sales that would help complement that. So to answer your question, we are actively pursuing those type of transactions.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, sure. First of all, on project 1, remember we had two there, we had project 2, which was Leidy South, which is moving ahead very nicely and fully contracted. Project 1, we continue to work with the counterparty, a primary counterparty on that. And I would just to continue to be very interested in the project and highly supportive of the project but have some of their own internal issues to get through to be able to transact with us. And -- but we remain very confident in the fundamentals on the drivers behind that project. I would also say though, we have several other new projects that are well on their way to development. A lot of strong interest that would continue to alleviate capacity constraint out of the Northeast PA area. And so we're pretty excited about that and that also helps expand in some of the markets that are continuing to need expansion. And despite what you might hear, those markets are growing pretty nicely in terms of their demand for natural gas there in Zone 6. And so we've got several projects that are pointing at that and again, the interest in those projects is very strong, I think.
Alan Armstrong: Absolutely, yes. And I'm not going to call it project 3 because we're growing weary of that. But it is a nice project flowing right behind the other two.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. We're not going to provide guidance individually on Barnett. But I would say this, Craig, the lowering or the impairment we took on Barnett is -- I don't want to drag everybody through all the accounting details, but we were -- that asset was held according to the undiscounted cash flows on the assets when the -- and obviously, that was dependent on gas prices in the area, both -- by the way, that contract is set up as well as drilling expectations from Total, our primary customer in that area. When the Permian price for -- so every year, we test an asset like that for its cash flows, looking forward against the held value. And this year, when we had to take into account the very large basis differential in the Permian and how that would affect both the rate that we received as well as the actions of what we've estimated would be the actions of the producing customer, that brought us down below that estimate. And therefore, that triggered us to have to remarket the fair value. In other words, what we think we could sell the asset for in the market. And that was very different than the sum of the undiscounted cash flows, which -- what was related with Mark earlier. So it was a -- said another way, it was a relatively small movement in expected cash flows from the asset but it put us down below that fair value and that triggered a different way of value in the asset, and that's why we got such a large impairment. So you shouldn't read into that, that the business is collapsing there but it moved enough on the far out values, it moved enough that we had to reposition the way we value it. So nothing's really changed all that much there other than, again, the Permian gas supply hits -- if the Permian pipelines all got filled adequately and we see the Permian gas prices come back up, then that avenue would change for that area. But for the meantime, we have to take the facts as they are and look at the forward curve for the basis differential out there.
Alan Armstrong: No. Not really. Just the impact of gas prices long term for the asset just brought it down just enough. So we do not see a major shift in the cash flows from that business. We have had pretty modest growth expectations in the past for that, but this effectively just stripped that out, and the growth expectations completely stripped out of there in terms of drilling activity. And so that's what -- but we have had very modest expectations.
Alan Armstrong: Well, I would just say we are very much on our way towards that $0.50 to $0.55 EBITDA per Mcf range that we've talked about earlier. And so with the volume growth and with that kind of margin improvement, the answer is yes. But I'm not crystal clear on the timing that you're laying out, just to be very, very thought through that versus that amount. But in terms of what we laid out here at Analyst Day, we're feeling very good right now about both the volume growth and the margin growth that we're experiencing.
Alan Armstrong: We are very well positioned on the market end for those projects. In other words, being able to help usually existing right away, but not solely. So said another way, some of that market expansion will be required, but I would certainly say that we have a lot to offer in that regard in terms of the use of our existing right aways and systems to be able to help supply that growth. So yes, we have a lot to offer there to the degree that, that occurs. But I would also say that particularly as it relates to Mountain Valley, that there's so much continued growth in demand on our system that those supplies coming in, we're going to be -- we'll have synergies with Mountain Valley whether it gets filled as planned or not, we would have quite a bit of synergies there with that system. So I would say there's little different because they serve two very different needs, but clearly we have the ability to help out both projects.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, I think that's probably a good way to look at it. We did anticipate some NGL uplift in the Rocky Mountain midstream acquisition model. So we knew that we would be able to acquire some of those barrels ultimately, and so that's factored into that.
Alan Armstrong: No. I would say that the -- we will always look to vertical integration as one of the facets to consider when we think about whether an asset is strategic or not. Because obviously, the aggregation of barrels, for instance, gives us value opportunities, investment opportunities just like Bluestem. So we definitely think about, when we think about what assets we would want to hold and that we add value as an organization, as a corporation, what we add value to, that vertical integration is obviously a key part of that. So that is a facet that would be dependent on and certainly to the degree that we've got combined downstream investments. It makes those assets more valuable to us as a company often than to somebody else. And so I think that's the best way to think about that.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. As we said in '17, we had a really big growth rate on Haynesville in '17, and we forecasted that we didn't expect that to occur again in '18 because that -- there was so much new plus production and the decline rates on that new plus production is pretty high. So and we -- at the first of the year, we actually saw some growth but towards the end of the year, we did see some decline on the Haynesville system, so -- and most of that from Chesapeake production. The good news is on the Haynesville system is our team has been doing a really nice job of capturing new acreage out there from third parties other than Chesapeake. So we're encouraged for the way that looks, not on the base dedicated acreage out there, not really a change on that, but in bringing -- we've been winning some new business out there. So that will help to maintain the volumes in the Haynesville.
Alan Armstrong: A lot of questions, I'll take a stab at a few. Let's see. First of all, on the Conway market, yes, and I think it's important to know that if we flatten out the spread between Conway and Bellevue, we're a winner in that. So you should think about that being somewhat of a natural hedge for our business because we already own those assets. And so to the degree that Conway product -- spec product prices go up in the purity markets, then that makes Conway and the services that we offer there that much more attractive, so that's a way that we think about that, obviously. And in terms of whether that's spec product or Y-grade, that's just a matter of how much incremental fractionation capacity there is on both ends of the pipe, basically in terms of being able to make those markets. Let's see. And yes, we do have contracts with third parties on Y-grade that have fixed margin built into them.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, absolutely. No, those are -- I would say, when we start up in 2021, I think we'll be well positioned there to be able to start taking advantage of that immediately.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. I would just say first of all, we've got 7 years, I think, total on that option, so a long time to the decide what that is. And I'll just remind you, the investment that we have with KKR is solely the GMP assets. And so, there's not an investment in the downstream value chain on that outside of that JV, it's just in the GMP assets that are proper. So it doesn't really affect so much that option value, if you will, because it's really just going to be the cash flows from that GMP business that will drive the option value there. But it does -- I would say, the relationship there with KKR is very solid, well aligned. And the fact that we have that option does keep us very focused on driving the value in the JV as well. So it's actually a pretty nice feature in terms of keeping us aligned there.
Alan Armstrong: Okay, great. Well, thanks everybody for joining us. Really excited about the platform for growth that we've got set here for '19. Teams continue to work very well together to take advantage of all these opportunities. And I would say our execution just continues to get better and better and really proud the way the teams are operating. And we like the macro conditions that are set up ahead of us, as well. So feeling very good about both 2018 and the platform for growth that we've got set up for '19 and beyond. So thank you again for joining us.
Micheal Dunn: It's Micheal. Just -- to start on the first part of that, we see a lot of growth not only from the Rocky Mountain Midstream, but we've got barrels on our Rockies plants that are already out there that will be moving on the Bluestem pipeline eventually. As you know, we've got the partnership on the OPPL system. And we'll continue to move with Rockies barrels down the OPPL system to Conway and then further south on Bluestem. And with our 2021 in-service date on Bluestem coinciding with Targa’s build to the north with us, we would expect a lot of those barrels to move south and ultimately, get to a 6x multiple on that. And really, a lot of that is driven by timing of the barrels coming out of Rocky Mountain Midstream frankly, but we do see some pretty significant growth in the Rocky Mountain Midstream assets, especially with the agreement that we just executed, and so we would anticipate approaching that 6x multiple pretty quickly.
Micheal Dunn: Well, Christine, I would say we do expect those volumes to increase. We have line of sight to what the producers are doing. There's a lot of drilling activity behind our processing plants that will be coming online this year. It's a little bit delayed for more than where you had thought it would have been last year. That's really coinciding very nicely with the completion of growth TXP-2. And so we have very good confidence that our current capacity will be filled probably in the second quarter, and that's about the time that TXP-2 and Oak Grove comes online. So we anticipate certainly [filling] [ph] TXP-1 this year and TXP-2 will start processing gas shortly after that.
Micheal Dunn: And Christine, I probably should add to that, we have been in volume commitments whenever we agree to go deploy capital there at those processing facilities. We have MBC to back that up. And so that's why it gives us a lot of confidence that those volumes are going to show.
Micheal Dunn: This is Micheal again. I would say the majority of the quarter, we saw the Atlantic Sunrise revenues in there came online October 6 is when we started charging full rate for Atlantic Sunrise. But recall, earlier in 2018, we were also charging for some interim capacity that we were able to achieve there. We were able to bring the full volume on October 6. So basically, you would see the fourth quarter having the majority of the revenue in there for Atlantic Sunrise. And if you recall, it's a revenue payment -- sorry, a capacity payment. On a revenue throughput, although very strong throughout the fourth quarter, doesn't drive a lot of the revenue differences there because of the capacity reservation charges that Transco enjoys.
Micheal Dunn: Michael, this Micheal. I will give you an update on that. This is a great project for us to be able to facilitate the reduction of emissions in New York City as well as improve the cost profile of people's energy use there. We just recently received our final environmental impact statement from the FERC and we would expect within 90 days, further regulations and their practice to provide a FERC certificate, assuming the FERC commissioners approve that within 90 days. So you would expect to see that hopefully within the 90 days and then we're in the process on the state side of getting the 401 certifications from New Jersey and New York. Both of those state agencies had scheduled public hearings for the 401 certifications with just recently, the state of New York giving the notice of complete application on our 401 certification. And so we'll go through those processes with the state of New York as well. And once those 401 certificates are issued by each one of the states, then that allows the core of engineers to issue let's call the 404 permit, and FERC that into consideration in order to give us a notice to proceed with construction. So we've got all that to occur within the next several months.
Micheal Dunn: I can give you an update on that as well. So we would expect to see the -- what's called the top sheets from FERC in mid-March, and that's really their staff's reaction to our filing. And they would provide the sideboards, if you will, so what we could then go to settlement negotiations with for staff and our customers on. And so the first or the start, I should say, the next settlement conference is scheduled for the end of March. And so at that point in time, we'll have a pretty good idea of how likely it is that a settlement can occur. And obviously, that's the path we would prefer to go down. I think that's the best for our customers and ourselves to be able to agree upon that and not litigate the case. And that's what the expectation is right now, for us to achieve an outcome in settlement that's satisfactory to both Williams and our customers.
Micheal Dunn: And us being able to provide these NGL solutions downstream creates value for the partnership there with KKR because we can go to the producers and provide a value chain there that we can give them fixed pricing.
John Chandler: But I would -- this is John Chandler. I do want to say, even without that, though, again, remember, we're generating around $1.2 billion of excess cash even with attractive dividend growth, and we can use that cash even on new investment dollars. So we actually are deleveraging even with investments in new projects because we're funding so much of it with cash. So again, after sales will enhance and speed up the deleveraging, but we're deleveraging even without asset sales.
John Chandler: It's really a couple of things. This is John Chandler. There's a couple of things that drive that. Number one, in the fourth quarter is when we usually do our tax provision re-estimation for the year, so I'd encourage you to look at the entire year at the tax rate instead of just the quarters since we do have some noise around that. I'd also say we had several obviously large unusual items in the fourth quarter, including the impairment and other things, that when we do estimations of taxes and the impact of taxes on those unusual items, we use a 25% rate, which is actually higher than our average blended rate for the quarter. So that results in some skewed tight calculations because we're using a different rate for our adjustment items, our normalization items. We use our standard annual rate of 25% than what it actually blended to. It's probably confusing but I'd just ask you to reach out to our IR team. I think they can walk you through that. But so it's really those two things, the significant usual items and the tax position adjustments that are done in the fourth quarter.
John Chandler: And I'd just add to that. If you go to the third quarter of 2017, we impaired our Midcontinent asset that was the same scenario that was set up. There wasn't a material change in the actual EBITDA generation from any kind of assets, but the gross cash flow dropped in the -- to make us take it from historically high carrying value down to its fair value. So, same is happening with the Barnett. We don't see any meaningful change in the EBITDA streams but it was just enough to trip that write-down from carrying value to fair value.
John Chandler: Off hand, I don't know if I have the details in front of me to be able to answer that, so I might have you call Dr. John Porter on that question.
John Chandler: If there is an impact on cash flow, that's very minimal on Barnett. So yes, it's just that it's an uplift or it's an improvement or reduction of DD&A, that's correct.
John Chandler: I would say this though. When you collective put in the investment on Bluestem with the investment in the Rocky Mountain midstream assets, we still accomplished 6x multiple even on even a combined investment when hopefully that system is fully up and operational.
John Chandler: And Alan did mention earlier that what we've been successful is some new connections there at pretty attractive returns. You remember, our option with KKR is at a fixed return, so to the extent we can add new gathering business at higher returns, it just becomes that much more valuable, of course, in the future to exercise that option.
John Chandler: That's does not. That's the beauty of this agreement. We have quite a period of time to execute that, so we've got plenty of time to continue to bring our leverage down and find that opportunity sometime in the future to execute that option.
