Alan Armstrong: Yes Jeremy, thank you. We know we have a wide variety of rates out there in the market. And so it kind of, obviously depends on where that volume is produced. And so I think, that's very dependent. The good news is I think, as we've demonstrated in the Northeast, we've got a very strong leverage where our costs that we've been able to really keep down even as volumes have grown. And so, if we see a lot of that growth occur in the Northeast, it's going to continue to be limited capital and limited incremental operating costs. So pretty good operating leverage to that. In the Haynesville, that's probably the other area that we would expect to respond here in the near term. And the operating leverage there is pretty similar. We've got, pretty low incremental operating costs, so a lot of revenue will drop to the bottom line there. So as we've said in the past, the rates out there on the dry gas gathering are in the $0.30 to $0.50 range. And so that's kind of what you can pick quite a bit of that from the bottom line in terms of the gas volumes that we have. If we happen to see some of that come through on across rich gas or processable gas, which we are seeing right now occur in the West Virginia, we're seeing volumes going up pretty nicely there. We obviously get a much higher margin on that just because we're offering additional services to that. So I would say that the lower operating leverage that we have is in the dry gas and little bit higher operating leverage against the rich gas or the process.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, I would say, there's a lot of people kind of still licking their wounds a little bit from the low price environment that we seen here in the first quarter and that's not forgotten easily. And I think they want to make sure that they're going to be very disciplined around the capital and allowing themselves to make decent returns. And so, I'm not speaking to anyone producer here, just to be clear, but I do think that the very low prices that they've had to endure on both the gas and the NGL prices in some of these locations, has got them really thinking hard about how to move forward. And frankly, I think they see the fundamentals perhaps being even stronger with that kind of cost discipline to the degree that takes hold across space, which it seems to be frankly, that with the fundamentals will drive even higher prices. And so you look this morning, I think the January 2021 prices were up to 320 for January 2021. So they may be exactly right on that and thinking that the fundamentals will continue to drive those prices up. So I think they're really going to make sure that they're not just doing this to turn bits, but to make really good value for their shareholders and their owners and - they're going to be patient make sure that the price really allows them to make some decent returns. And frankly, that's the kind of discipline I think that'll make the space healthy over time.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, I'll take the first question there broadly on the deepwater and then have Michael answer the Whale and NWP 12 questions. On the deepwater for the most part, there are some MVCs and some fixed payments out there, but for the most part, because a lot of MVCs are so much below the actual volumes that people are sitting at today. You should consider our deepwater business to be pretty well driven by volume so both on the oil and the gas side. So I would - it's not that complicated out there for the most part, it's saying that there are places like the Northwood and places like that, that were true up on an annual basis, but you wouldn't see that in a quarterly basis. So anyway, so newer assets like Northwood tend to have those and the older assets those MVCs have, we've gotten our capital back in those MVCs or those fixed payments have gone away, just like Gulfstar. As we mentioned the fixed payments on that terminated the majority of the fixed payments terminated in May of last. So Mike if you take the Whale and NWP.
Alan Armstrong: Well, I would say as you would think a variety of producers and financial drivers out there, some are well hedged, and are taking advantage of the cost low - available cost structures to them out right now and growing very successfully and not really missing a beat. On the other hand, you have players for us like Chevron up there that has announced the sales process, and kind of pull back on their drilling operations. So, that's probably the extreme to that. But as I mentioned earlier, I do think that some producers are going to sit back and wait to see how firm these prices will get. They keep moving in the right direction. And I think they're waiting to - I think they believe that the fundamentals are on their side. And so if you translate all of the negative discussion around oil and shut-ins and demand destruction, if you believe that strongly, then you have to turn around and believe that gas is going to have a big call on these gas corrected basins. And so I think that's what you're seeing and some of them having quite a bit of confidence in fundamentals and are waiting to make sure that those fundamentals show up in the way of price where they commit to anything, but be clear, these are all - there is not - I can't point to a large producer that we deal with out there that I don't have quite a bit of respect for the way they think about this. They just have different motivations and drivers out there in front of them. But they all I would say are always in the case of planning. So they're not sitting back right now, even though it may appear that way. They're not sitting back on their haunches and not planning for what looks like opportunity for growth in the future. But I think they're only going to pull those triggers when they're confident that these prices are something that they can lean into. So I would say what we are seeing pretty visibly is a lot of planning for growth, but not necessarily a commitment to that growth just yet. And but I think there is a lot of belief in the fundamentals that exist out there. And again, it's kind of hard to believe in all the carnage on the oil side and not believe that on the pool on the gas side.
Alan Armstrong: I think more of that - they are not necessarily the Northeast producers. I think we'll see more of that in the Haynesville area where there is a lot of easy acreage to go hit a lot of private companies that are even less capitalized in some cases. But they've got some very - it’s not a whole lot of risk involved in the development there, and certainly not a lot of risk in getting the gas to the markets. And so I think we'll see a little more of that kind of activity like these teams.
Alan Armstrong: I'm going to have Chad Zamarin, who has been dealing with a lot of the opportunities out there to address them.
Alan Armstrong: Okay, well, thank you all very much for joining us this morning. A great quarter. We're really excited to see the execution that we had in the quarter and we think the fundamentals are very strong for our business in the way we're positioned out in front of us. So thanks again for joining us this morning.
Micheal Dunn: Good morning, Jeremy, this is Michael. Regional Energy Access continues to move toward a first filing early summer. We're still seeing a bit of a slowdown in the commercial execution of our final proceeding agreements and it directly attributable to COVID-19, and our inability to meet directly with the customers. But we are still executing those and we have gained momentum on that project and continue to. And just as a reminder, the majority of those facilities are in Pennsylvania. We think that's why we have a significant benefit and opportunity to get our project permit approvals in a timely fashion. And just as a reminder that we only have one facility that we project to be outside of Pennsylvania, and that's electric driven compressor station in New Jersey, which we feel like we won't have any permitting issues at all. So commercial activity is still underway, but we are in the midst of preparing the pre-filing documents and expect to have those and purchasing in this summer.
Micheal Dunn: Yes, good morning Colton. We are seeing some concerns early on in regard to condensate production where the producers were chasing condensate earlier this year. I think if you go back and look at the Southwestern call occurred a few days ago, they feel like they're not going to have any shut-ins due to any condensate issues for the month of May. And that's obviously good for us. We're large customer of theirs - they are large customer of ours there in West Virginia. So we're pleased to see that announcement from them. There are definitely challenges in some of the areas that Eagle Ford certainly has some condensate challenges there. We are working with our customers there to find opportunities. We've had a team working on condensate opportunities to store condensate for customers. And we have opportunities to be able to do that for them, if they so choose to do that at our facilities around the country. And so, we've given a lot of options to our customers if they want to continue to produce and move those condensate volumes into our potential storage opportunities for them. On the NGL side, we aren't seeing as much pressure on the producers from a production standpoint as you would on the condensate side. So, we are seeing some increase. I think prices are actually moving higher and NGL prices are continuing to move stronger from where they were over the last several weeks. And so we’re not seeing as much pressure there as we are going to condensate that.
Micheal Dunn: Yes, I'll take that as well. So National Grid concluded their public comment meetings. They went virtual on the majority of those and had a two week extension in the deadline. So those concluded on May 1. And I think the resounding thing became very clear there is NESE project is the only opportunity for them to meet their long-term solutions. We recall the settlement agreement that they had with the state requires them to provide a long-term solution to the state by June and that long-term solution had to be in service by fall of 2021. And it's abundantly clear that NESE is the only opportunity to be able to do that. But the one thing I do want to mention, we watched the demand very closely across the U.S. and we certainly watched it very closely in the New York metropolitan area for natural gas. And we've seen virtually no impact due to the COVID-19 situation and if you weather normalize the demand up there and looks like a normal year. It's been a very warm year in January, February and March in the Northeast, April was about normal. And so when you weather normalize those demand picture across those four months, it looks just like a normal year for gas demand. So we see no impact there. It certainly wouldn't factor into any decisions that our customers would be making there. And you could make the argument that maybe commercial construction possibly could slowdown. But we do think from a long-term standpoint, natural gas demand is going to be increasing in the New York metropolitan area, just because of the amount of conversions of fuel oil still need to occur there, as well as the growth in infrastructure that's been built in New York City. We'll also say that, through this public comment process where we're prosecuting our permit, we've seen over 16,000 positive public comments come in to note both New York and New Jersey to support our project. There's more than 80 elected officials and community organizations that also support the NESE project that didn't make these public comments on the record. The upcoming deadlines on the 401 certifications that we have are May 16 in New York and June 5 in New Jersey. And so that's really the key markers that you should be watching out for here. And to answer the last part of your question, if we do not get those approvals in May and June for both New York and New Jersey, we'll have to go back and reevaluate with our customer what the expectation is there. But we certainly could refile those permits as we've had in the past and have those turned around fairly quickly in New York and New Jersey choose to do so.
Micheal Dunn: Sure Alan thanks. On Whale, we actually before all of the oil price shock occurred. We had actually placed some orders for some equipment and we've got more favorable timing terms on those orders and so our capital would actually be reduced to this year. It's just the timing issue for the most part, though prior to any announcements came from the Whale customers. Since the Whale customers have made their announcements, we've had conversations with them. They've not asked us to change course in any fashion with regard to our current undertaking of engineering, and procurement of materials to support their project, although they have announced the NESE delay. So right now it's a steady issue goes in regard to our performance under our reimbursement agreement with those Whale customers. And on the Nationwide 12 question, as you all probably are well aware of the Keystone XL pipeline in Montana, has suspended authorization of the Nationwide toll permit for that project, and it certainly is something that we're all looking at across the industry. The core engineers has stated they're not authorizing any new projects right now under the Nationwide 12, but they've not shutdown any projects that we know and certainly none of ours that were being performed under the nationwide 12. We don't think this is going to be a significant issue to Williams and for example in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, they don't even use the Nationwide 12 Permits, they're certainly not an impact at all. There anywhere that we were going to use those this year on new optimizations. It was just small pad connections and our gathering systems for the most part, and we could pivot to a different permitting team for those and achieve our permitting goals for those projects. And so as of now, we've got no project shutdown. And every core engineer's office that has jurisdiction over our permits, each one of those jurisdictions, we've had conversations with them and they said they have no intention of shutting down any projects that are currently underway with Nationwide 12 Permit.
Micheal Dunn: This is Michael I’ll take that. I think we had temporary expectations on growth. They're coming into this year last year that's why you saw significant reduction in our capital. But if you do a run rate on the Northeast I think we were at 370 EBITDA this quarter. And we would expect to see some continued flat performance if you will through the majority of the Northeast PA production areas, as everyone knows Cabot's talk about going into maintenance mode with flat production for the year. We're seeing some growth in the Bradford still our cost of service agreements up there. And we do think some of the areas in West Virginia will be a more of a bright spot in the coming several quarters probably towards the end of the year and next year. And so, I think we do have some line in sight ultimately to be able to get to that 1.4. It might be a little bit delayed from where we were hoping, but we had those expectations input coming into this year.
Micheal Dunn: Yes, assuming that Frac 7 and Targa is controlled is taking product, we will get revenue from that. So it is - as we understand, and so we will get revenue from that prior boosting coming online.
Micheal Dunn: Yes, this is Michael, I will take that. From a [indiscernible] Eagle Ford is probably the highest at least in our acreage area because of the condensate that the customers are producing there, but we are protected by an MVC, for example, on the Chesapeake contracts, so even if the volumes do decline, we do have an MVC protection under letting them which we think would be very strong for us from a protective revenue there regard to that. So I'd say the Eagle Ford is probably the highest, the DJ is probably one as well, where they're also seeing some of things like gravity production, they are probably condensating oil that they're kicking in the DJ. So we would also have some months of work shutting risks there. Gulf of Mexico, you've got some of the smaller independence in the Gulf of Mexico. That's probably next on the list. But so far, we've not seen any of the large producers in the Gulf shut-in any production.
