Alan Armstrong: Great. First of all, Steve, I want to make sure that we acknowledge the accomplishments that Steve brought forward. If you think back to the very difficult and tenuous circumstances that Steve was handed, and to where he’s brought us to today with a very strong, very stable company with tremendous potential to create shareholder value from where we sit today- We have that potential in terms of financial resources. We’ve got extremely well positioned assets in the markets they serve, and we’ve got tremendous organizational capabilities in terms of exploiting resource plays, both in our E&P group and in our midstream group. And our pipes are well positioned to serve the change in the markets today that’s associated with the resource plays. And certainly as Steve mentioned, our culture with one of the most passionate and committed workforces in the business today, leaves me with a tremendous amount of optimism about where we can take this. And I just want to say a big thanks to Steve for giving us such a tremendous platform to take the company from today. So we are in a very enviable position. We’ve got all the tools necessary to really accelerate shareholder value. We’re going to be reviewing all alternatives and I’m charged up and can assure you that with the great platform, the well positioned assets, and organizational capabilities that we have today, we will not be sitting still. I don’t have any particular bias other than to assure ourselves that we are creating the most shareholder value that is enduring and allows our businesses to be the most successful they can be for the benefit of our investors. And with that I will turn this over to Q&A.
Alan Armstrong: Well, certainly we are pursuing those that give us a large scale position up there and I’ve got pretty high hopes that we’ll be able to deliver on something of a similar nature to what we had in the Laurel Mountain area. On top of that, however, there are a tremendous amount of those producers that we’re talking to that infill into those assets that we’re developing, and things like the Laurel Mountain JV and other alternatives up in the Northeast Pennsylvania area, we think are going to give us first mover advantage to allow us to serve those remaining producers that we’re talking to. So we’re out there aggressively pursuing large anchor customers and then we’ll be in a position to better serve the balance of those customers.Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, so the back end of the curve coming down hasn’t necessarily eliminated or drastically slowed down talks around these large scale projects then, just to confirm.
Alan Armstrong: I’m sorry, I think we dropped you there for just a moment.Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Just paraphrasing what you said there, it doesn’t sound like the back end of the curve coming down – again, just because of the better marginal returns in the Marcellus – it doesn’t sound like that has necessarily jettisoned or eliminated the potential for large scale projects in the Marcellus.
Alan Armstrong: There is some additional capital in there from the midstream side associated with the more rapid expansion of our Laurel Mountain System, and so that’s one of the primary drivers of additional capital in there.
Alan Armstrong: Sure. Really there was two primary issues there that did effect it, and you are right – it’s actually a pretty substantial reduction in our equity gallons. First of all in the Mobile Bay area, we had Exxon, who is the big producer into Mobile Bay, had some outages on one of their offshore pipelines completely unrelated to the drilling moratorium that reduced input coming into the plant substantially. In addition to that, though, we also, the way those contracts work, they have rights to take their liquids for a certain number of months over the year, and it just so happened that that piled up, their option piled up in this quarter. It’s actually our election and so with their outage we elected to give them the liquids in that period when there was an outage. So that was by far the largest. And then out west we had reduction related to a forced measure that we got from One Oak at their Bushton fractionator, and that backed up all of our plants in the west. They had some difficulties maintaining with the volumes ramping up so rapidly coming out of the west. They’ve had some difficulties keeping their infrastructure out in front of that, and that resulted in a forced measure that did impact our western volume. So all in all we are really well positioned right now with our Echo plant being now up, which just really got spinning here towards the end of September. And we’ve gotten some of the line problems resolved that we had on the Perdito tie in, which were effecting our Markham volumes as well. So going into the Q4 here we are really well positioned to get back on track on our liquids production and grow that pretty rapidly.
Alan Armstrong: Well, it depends on where you’re looking and if you’re in the sweet spots or not, but we think in the- Generally we think we know where the market is in our areas of interest. We feel we know what it takes to win in certain areas, so to the extent we find something we think from a technical standpoint hits our sweet spot then I think that’s when we’d try to move something forward. So, so many transactions are out there it’s hard to say which ones are good or bad, but we look at it first from the technical standpoint. If our exploration team likes it, our engineer likes it, it hits in what we evaluate, what we call the sweet spot, then that’s something we’ll be more aggressive in looking at than other fringe areas.
Alan Armstrong: The reserves report will come out at the end of the year. We don’t, the reserves are based on different things. The reserves are basically on the average of the first month prices for twelve months and the gas prices this year are higher than last year if you average that in. So that’s not really an impact on reserves. On DD&A, yes, we do see an impact to our DD&A. It’s probably going to go down about $0.10 to $0.15 company-wide for 2011 and about $0.10 again in 2012. That has been baked into the guidance. Basically as you can see the previous guidance, at that time we owned what we call the Piceance gathering assets, we also called that Bargatt. We owned those, they were previously in our guidance – not it’s out of our guidance. But we did get some DD&A pickup on the other side, so in general you see our guidance didn’t really change – they kind of offset each other.
Alan Armstrong: Well, the activity around us, the other operators around us, they’ve had great successes there. So it’s, we’ve bought into those concessions. We’re excited that in one of them we’ll start drilling next year and the other one we’re still doing seismics on. But the operators in that area have done very, very well so we think it’s time to make sure everybody understands that we have interest in those areas.
Alan Armstrong: We’re showing in the Piceance Valley we believe our returns are, I’ll just give you a range – 35% to 40%, and in the Highlands they’re more upper teens, so 17%, 18% type returns. And the Highlands next year all we’re going to drill at this point will be in the Ryan Gulch area. Obviously we pulled that capital so those returns are really focused in the Ryan Gulch, although that still is kind of a combination of what we would call Ryan Gulch/Trail Ridge wells. So Ryan Gulch would have a slightly higher net; the number I gave you in the upper teens is really kind of a hybrid of the Trail Ridge and the Ryan Gulch.
Alan Armstrong: Yeah, I think we look at all options like that and that is an option that’s out there. It depends on what’s going on in the marketplace but Barnett has been frustrating simply from a standpoint of a lot of what we saw was just a complete delay in the opportunities to get the facilities we needed to. It wasn’t the drilling permits – just actually to get the facilities done to get our gas to market, and that caused a chain link or chain reaction in losing value.
Alan Armstrong: Well, it’s something yeah – we’re required to do. And really in this aspect it’s something we actually look at all the time and in last year’s queue we basically talked about that there are certain triggers we would look at. One would be if the forward market price, and again this is the forward market price through 2025, would happen to decline by more than 20% we would have to take a look at this. And it did, but we look at it every quarter anyway, but for this particular quarter the forward market price is down substantially and it’s just an automatic check. We don’t have the opportunity to pick when we want to do that.
Alan Armstrong: Sure. A lot of continued opportunity out there. The (inaudible) Canyon area continues to be a very active area and certainly underserved from an infrastructure standpoint, and we think we’re very well positioned to capture some of that business out here, and as well continuing to grow the infrastructure out of the Eastern Gulf area out of our Devil’s Tower facility as well. So we continue to see a lot of opportunity out there. And our GulfStar generic platform, basically, that is now well designed and really ready to be deployed we think can add a tremendous amount of value to producers out there, and we’re continuing to have a lot of interest in that. I think all that has to really change out there, and I’m not predicting how rapidly this will change, but I do think that what’s going to be required is for the producers to gain confidence that even though the moratorium is lifted that permits will actually be processed in a timely basis and in a reasonable fashion. And I think everybody’s waiting to see on that front. But if that does happen then there is a tremendous resource out there and it’s going to need a lot of infrastructure, and we’re very well positioned to serve that.
Alan Armstrong: Yeah, Don, just to follow up on that. The 20 peers that we track, I think they took write downs of approximately $52 billion those two years.
Ralph Hill: Well, the goodwill impairment and the impairment of primarily the Barnett area really is an accounting exercise that we work on, and it’s basically there’s several models there. It’s the fair value model, and gross cash flows are discounted against that. So as we look at that for example on the goodwill, the internal fair value was slightly less than the carrying value, and in that case it caused an impairment in our goodwill which was, the goodwill for us was associated with a 2001, almost a decade ago acquisition of Barrett. And it wasn’t cash out the door; it was really a deferred tax liability gross up if you will. And that became our goodwill, and over the course of the last decade as we looked at prices and all that, we really didn’t have any opportunities for impairment. And then with the poor price curve it’s gone down greater than 22% since the beginning of the year. That caused us to look at that and that caused that write down. For the Barnett it was simply just a factor of the fair value again versus the carrying value. Our Ford prices have come down substantially and we have that impairment. That really doesn’t have anything to do with go forward on where we’re headed primarily in the Piceance and the Marcellus, where most of our draw is, and a lesser extension, the Powder. So those are just accounting exercises. You look at it, you understand the value of what you’re carrying versus the value of the fair value, and those are impaired from there. And I don’t know if your last question is more about the industry or us. We know that the level of rigs, which we did drop a substantial amount of rigs in our forecast at the Barclays conference for ‘11 and ‘12, but we know that we believe our production wasn’t growing that much. I think the industry in general hopefully at some time we’ll see our competitors put on more of a return hat and finish drilling for holding leases, and finish drilling for holding JVs and we’ll see a more rational response to the gas prices. And therefore, at that point I would expect you would see some of the gas supply to decline.Craig Shere – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Well, I guess what I’m trying to understand is, is the write down based on forward strips which are meaningfully below your midpoint guidance for the next two years? And if we incorporated that more conservative assumption, given the wide range of CAPEX guidance for the next couple of years, is it reasonable to assume that we trend towards the lower end is what I’m trying to get at.
Ralph Hill: This is Ralph. We had a previous forecast that had I think our growth was going to be 12% next year and then 16% the year after, and what we did is we essentially dropped about 10 rigs in 2011 and about I think it was 17 rigs in 2012’s forecast. So you know, we have the ability to go out… And that wouldn’t all happen in six months but we have the ability to rapidly ramp it back up if price signals would show that. And obviously as Don would point out, that as our cash flows would grow then that’s when we try to live within our means. So I don’t know how much would happen in six months, but I can tell you a few months ago we were planning on, with a different price deck, to have a substantially higher level of growth and we dialed that back due to prices.Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets: So instead 12% and 16%, you’re going to keep doing 3% to 7%.
Ralph Hill: Correct. Yeah, 3% in ‘11 and 7% in ‘12. And that’s down from what was 12% and 16%.Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets: So that means in theory you could ramp up about 9% or 10%.
Ralph Hill: We could at some point. We’d have to get the rigs and do all that, but we’ve been very successful in always being able to get good rigs, good crews. Our alliances with our vendors who pays out very handsomely in times of ramp up and it also helps when we ramp down.Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets: That’s great, thank you very much.
Ralph Hill: In 2011 we are now, we’re projecting about where we are today in the Piceance. We’ll have 11 rigs running, nine in the valley and two in the highlands. In the Barnett we’ll be down to one rig, and in the Marcellus, it’s going to, as Steve mentioned it goes from three and ultimately ends up at six at the end of the year. So on average in the Marcellus it’s more like, I hate to do this but it’s 4.75 rigs in the Marcellus. That’s more than the four rigs we had planned earlier. And as I said the Piceance is down five rigs and the Barnett is down two rigs.
Ralph Hill: I think they fit in well. Obviously the Eagleford and the Bachan bring a different look to our portfolio in the sense of liquids and/or condensate oil, which we’d like to have that. But expertise wise we’ve drilled hundreds and hundreds of horizontal wells. We understand how to do that so each of those areas work for us. Now we have a substantial position in the Marcellus of 100,000 acres. We’d like to continue to evaluate opportunities there and we are. Eagleford’s had some great looking opportunities out there and obviously there’s other areas such as the Bachan. We think they fit right in with what our expertise is.
Ralph Hill: Well, we have obviously several things we do. We have a point of view that past 2012 we haven’t published. We also have the market that we look at closely and we monitor what’s going on in the market at all times. And then we run low cases and we run high cases and we run stress cases. So I’m sorry I can’t give you an exact answer because we run a number of cases. Typically our point of view from time to time is pretty close to what the market’s doing. That just happens, it’s just the way it works out. But we look at so many different scenarios it’s hard to tell you exactly, but I can tell you when we do look at all these we severely stress test them to understand what it means in a low price environment, both for the oil side and the gas side.Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Ralph Hill: This is Ralph. I wouldn’t comment at all on the imminent side of the world, but I can tell you as you probably know there are a number of opportunities in all these basins. There always are but there appear to be more than normal at this time. So there’s just a lot of opportunities there. But as Don has said, Steve has said and Alan said that there are a number of things we take into account when we look at that. So we evaluate continuously, my group and the rest of the groups here at Williams, opportunities. We see one that we think creates value we bring it to the table and we talk about it, and we try to see if that’s something we want to do. So there’s just a lot out there right now but there typically is in this industry.
Ralph Hill: Well, it’s just the- Yes, you are accurate in looking at it that way. And it’s just we, the rest of the decline that we had, when you’re coming off of for example 28 rigs in the Piceance and you’re going down to what we went down to was then and now we’re at 12, that’s a huge decline that you overcome when you just look at the way these (inaudible) wells come on, or any kind of wells that we drill now. So we’ve overcome that decline from the number of rigs that we’ve dropped, and now that we’ve done that the volumes are starting to tweak back up. You see that we had a 2% growth I believe company-wide sequentially and in the Q3 versus Q2 I think Piceance itself was up 5%. So the big driver will be the Piceance and then also we have the new basin where we’re starting to get a little traction on in the Marcellus. But you are seeing it correctly that we have arrested the decline, we’re actually growing again and we’d expect a decent growth in the Q4.
Ralph Hill: We’d done that a little bit last year and the primary was in the Powder. And so we look at it from time to time, but at this point we’re not contemplating any of that. We’re about 56%, 60% hedged. We have a number of things that go into that; if you’re shutting in it’ll complicate that. So it would need to be for a substantial period of time – we don’t see a reason to do that.
Ralph Hill: Well, we said that would happen by I think within this, when we gave our kind of longer-term forecast which I think went through 2015. And based on the four rigs averaging in the Marcellus going up to, in 2012 we currently have a build up to ten rigs and it goes up a little bit more after that. We still can easily make that in the next four years or so.Holly Stewart – Howard Weil Incorporated: Next four years.
Ralph Hill: Well the valley will clearly grow, and the Highlands has been growing. It’ll be a challenge to keep it flat but the teams, we probably would need to, with two rigs it’ll be tight. We may decline in the Highlands some.
Ralph Hill: We have a number of completions we’re backed up on in the Barnett that’ll keep that so it can remain- It will go down but it won’t go down as much as you think by dropping to one rig.
Ralph Hill: Really Barnett is much more of a permitting side of the world, which basically is somewhat strange, but it’s on the compression facilities and water facilities. It’s not the takeaway capacity for us as much as it is on just permits in some of the areas we operate in, on trying to do what we think is the best practice – build centralized water facilities and larger compressor areas just to be more efficient.
Ralph Hill: I think generally from the time that we really start investing dollars on many of those projects to the time we’ve got cash flow is about, the smaller projects would maybe be a year and a half and the longer projects would be three years. So the answer to your question is yes, in terms of that capital, those large capital dollars being deployed; however, as you know where we’ve got infrastructure already there and production gets tied into that, that comes on pretty rapidly for us. And so there’s a mix of that, but in terms of the capital, those large chunks of capital that you see in our potential pie there, most of that would be probably in the 2.5 year range from the time that we would be investing heavily to the time we’d see cash flows come back.
Don Chappel: Craig, this is Don. I might just comment – you have to remember that Williams retains its GP interest, and with that we get a substantial, you could call it a royalty but we get a substantial profit participation in that asset despite the fact we dropped it down. So I think when you look at the GP interest on top of what we actually sold it for in terms of cash, I think you get a much higher valuation. In terms of what’s left to drop down, you know, we have a 25.5% interest in Gullstream, which is eligible beginning late Q1. That’s not guidance in terms of what we may do but it would be eligible for drop down kind of late Q1, and beyond that we really haven’t earmarked any other assets.Craig Shere – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Okay, thank you.
Don Chappel: This is Don. We’ve asked our E&P business largely to live within its means, so to the extent it generates cash flows we would expect that they would likely consume those cash flows to reinvest in the business, again with a bias towards liquids-rich areas like the Piceance. In fact, we do get a lot of liquids out of the Piceance. And I would say the WPZ midstream and gas pipeline assets are well capitalized with a very low cost of capital, so we really don’t see too much in the way of corporate capital moving back into that business for the foreseeable future.
Don Chappel: This is Don. I would say we’re looking at capital redeployment at very attractive after tax rates of return using kind of the price scenario that Ralph laid out with we think a reasonable view of prices, and then also stress testing that and say “How bad could it be and would we still earn a return that’s worthwhile?” And if we have terrific opportunities, and particularly if we can do so in a way that broadens our footprint and perhaps also broadens our commodity mix, that would be interesting to us. In terms of stock buyback, I think our view to date has been in this very low price environment and in a very uncertain economy we just don’t have much in the way of firepower to buy back stock without facing ratings downgrade. So as Alan said, all the options are on the table. We continue to look at all the options but to date we have not chosen to go down that path, but as Alan indicated we continue to look at all the options and we’ll do that whenever we make a decision on redeploying net capital.Jonathan Favreau – Wells Fargo Securities: But if I hear you correctly the preference is to do an E&P acquisition versus share buybacks.
Don Chappel: I think, I mean clearly we think that the share price is an attractive one but we certainly don’t want to face a downgrade in order to do that because that has broader implications. So we’ll look at all the options, we’ll look at the potential consequences and benefits and make a decision that we think is in the best interest of the company and the shareholders.Jonathan Favreau – Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks so much and thanks for the time.
Don Chappel: This is Don. Just on your impairment question, I’ll just remind everyone that in 2008. 2009 many, many companies across the industry took very large write downs. We did not, so while we took a write down this quarter we hadn’t had any large write downs back in the ‘08/’09 period when many, many other write downs were taken.
