Rory Lee Miller: I don't think so. The line is full now and so we'll be gearing that, but there shouldn't be any additional hit after that.
Rory Lee Miller: We typically haven't released individual numbers for Geismar. The second part of your question on the CapEx plans. We've got a couple of capital projects going on there right now. We're upgrading some of our furnaces. I think we've got -- that project is partially completed, but is ongoing. And then of course, we've got our major expansion, the plant being serviced in the third quarter of '13. Those are the main CapEx plans for Geismar at this point.
Rory Lee Miller: Yes. That wasn't maintenance capital, it was just O&M that was accelerated. And mainly, we were moving forward from what would otherwise be spent in the third and fourth quarter. So we should see some moderation forward-looking for the rest of the year based on that work that we did.
Rory Lee Miller: I'm talking about the Suncor outage. They had 1 unit for about 15 days and another unit was operating about 75% load. So the $4 million is related just strictly to the Q2 outage and then the $9 million is isolated to just the impact the Boreal Pipeline.
Rory Lee Miller: Yes. It did. We had a total production related kind of directly to the bush and frac outage was about 25 million gallons. And of that, about 15 million was related to our own equity account.
Rory Lee Miller: Yes. We did in Q2 have a determined issue there that had us down, I believe it was 7 days. One of those days was actually in Q1, and then the remaining 6 days was in Q2. And we were, I think that was related to about 28 million pounds total being down about $24 a day.
Rory Lee Miller: Let me see, I've got the right-hand man looking that up right now. But I will say in general, Alan mentioned a little bit about what's going on there from a producer input standpoint. In general, I would say the volume situation has been very positive and we've got producers waiting on pipeline, waiting on infrastructure, results are looking very favorable. I think all of the movement that we've heard on volumes from producers has been to the upside, if anything. So the area and the quality of the reserves was fantastic it. Let's see, yes, for second quarter we're right around 182 Bbtu, and about 20 million gallons of NGL production.
Rory Lee Miller: Yes. That will be railed, is the plan. And I think our belief is that with our current international funds offshore accounts and the cash flow from the existing business, that is growing along with our ethylene project that, that should be fairly well self-contained.
Rory Lee Miller: We've also got the BB splitter up there, which is going to help us with the products. We've also got a very unique situation with our sale to NOVA of the ethane/ethylene mix. And so those are advantages that we think we uniquely hold. And so it appears to be kind of an advantaged opportunity for us.
Rory Lee Miller: Thinking about the portfolio mix, like Alan's referencing, the crack spread out there as opposed to our realized margins. So Q1 was $0.18 and 2Q was $0.20. That $0.40 which was first half '12, that's really what the broad market crack spread was. And so that's basically what we got built into our 2014 pricing is at that $0.40 level.
Rory Lee Miller: This is Rory. I think in general, that kind of step down in activity out West that we flag for you is still pretty consistent. I don't think there are any material changes to that level of activity.
Rory Lee Miller: Yes. Right now, if you think about ethane supply and that's always a challenge to measure that accurately, but about 1 million barrels a day right now on the supply side, this is where we think it's at. All of the crackers are up and running now. Thank goodness. And that's about 1 million barrels a day of demand. So we see supply and demand very much in balance. I think in Q4, there are 2 crackers that are scheduled to go down temporarily. So that's all we see for the remainder of the year. So the situation should be a little more stable than what we saw in the first half.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yes, I'll take that. No, that is not in any way, shape or form the case. We're very confident in the volumes there and the drilling activity that continues there. I think the producers are fairly confident in the area and are happy to take the prices that they can get on some of the systems that are further to the east over there. And so time will tell if that will hold up in terms of those net backs. But today, I think they are confident that there's adequate takeaway there today. And again, that becomes crowded. Once it becomes crowded, the price will decline. But I think today, as evidenced by the interest, they're pretty comfortable with the current gas markets coming out of that space today.
Alan S. Armstrong: Those basically timeout pretty well at the end of this year, a little bit of run into '13. But by the end of '13, there's not any residual impact from that. So mostly by the end of '12, most of those contracts runout.
Alan S. Armstrong: Well, I would just say that -- I would say we took it head-on and I would say that we're very confident in how we're handling that and time will tell in terms of what gets exposed there about what supports that confidence.
Alan S. Armstrong: Again, I would just say that we are very confident in how that's going to be treated and that's really all we want to say about it at this point.
Alan S. Armstrong: Well, I would say that's the bulk of it. You also have propylene production and butadiene production as well. And so that and the operating costs are the other elements you'd have to get to, to see an [indiscernible]
Alan S. Armstrong: I would say, obviously we recognize that business is not a fee-based business. And so our coverage needs to be higher than, certainly higher than normal in terms of how that would impact.
Alan S. Armstrong: Sure. We certainly feel like that the U.S. continues to be the advantage in North America. In general, I would say, it continues to be the advantaged place to produce ethylene. And we see that demand continuing to come up on a global basis through the period. And so pretty confident in the general fundamentals around ethylene. And if you think about somebody trying to build ethylene capacity somewhere else in the face of this very low-cost natural gas, I think that drives our confidence and certainty we have a pretty good picture of what's going on in the ethylene capacity here in the U.S. Very fortunate to have Geismar on the front end of any these capacity expansions, but there's really not very much other coming on in the near term -- or sorry, in the near term to 2014. So we see a great promise coming on, a lot of NGL supplies coming on, but it just takes a while to build that cracking capacity to meet that increased demand that's coming on. And so that builds our confidence there.
Alan S. Armstrong: We do rail, today, a tremendous amount of propylene out of Redwater already today. And so this would be just additive which is, again, a nice feature that a lot of the infrastructure in terms the storage of propylene and railing and loading of propylene, we already got all that in place. So this is just additive and I think that's why we feel very confident about us being the right builder of that PDH facility in Canada.
Alan S. Armstrong: We're looking at kind of all of our options right now. I would say right now, our main focus is on scoping, getting some of the initial engineering work done and we're looking at all the options and certainly, this decision of the propylene is one of the big decisions that we'll be making before we sanction the project. But that's an ongoing exercise.
Alan S. Armstrong: There are couple of things that work there. And one is that even though I think we flagged earlier that in early '13 we'll have an opportunity to re-contract almost our entire portfolio, we still have a legacy contract out there that won't be fully exposed to the spot market. So that's one piece of the story. I think the other piece of the story is just a little bit of conservatism that's built into how we're able to execute in terms of putting those spot contracts into place. And at times, there is some give-and-take between a true spot market deal and a term deal that's tied in the spot market.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yes. I think that's accurate. Of course, a lot can happen between now and then. But certainly, our goal there will be balanced against our ethane exposure.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yes. I don't think we've released anything on that yet. And it is, as we noted, kind of in the scoping phase right now. So that's probably something we'll be able to give a little more color on in the coming quarters. But I think right now it's a little preliminary to drive a stake in the ground.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yes. I think that kind of gets back to the earlier answer that I gave around disposition of propylene and we're looking at all the options. Of course, if you do lock something in fixed, you're probably giving away some upside. And those are decisions that we'll be making as the projects get fully bedded and pulled together. So we should have a good line of sight on that by the time that project is sanctioned.
Alan S. Armstrong: Well, as you're probably aware from previous calls, we do have other projects we’re working on out there. So over time we do expect our equity propane to increase. But there are plenty of places between now and then to buy propane in Canada. So we don't see the supply side as any particular challenge for us right now, and we're very comfortable with that. Whether we're going out on the open market and buying it or whether we’re just building it over time with our internal equity barrels.
Alan S. Armstrong: I don’t think we want to get into, probably, that level of detail yet. We've got ongoing analysis on that. And I would say let's leave that for future call, but we do think the situation is very favorable and are supportive of that project. But we have some continued analysis that is ongoing on that.
Alan S. Armstrong: Those are generally in the neighborhood. I think on Laurel Mountain, we're probably already over that. I think we're over at 280, if I'm not mistaken, on Laurel Mountain. And I think our target on Susquehanna Hub is just shy of 1 Bcf a day by the end of the year.
Alan S. Armstrong: Great. Well, thank you again for joining us. And we look forward to continuing to share our growth with you in the future. Thanks for your interest.
Donald R. Chappel: Craig, this is Don. I think we'd be working through the process with the WPZ complex committee and their advisers, probably expect the closing in the fourth quarter.
Donald R. Chappel: This is Don. I'd just add that again, we think that it's some information that provides a competitive advantage for us, so that's the reason that we're not more clear in terms of the basis for our confidence.
Donald R. Chappel: Steve, this is Don. Yes, and that's really tax-driven. If we take cash, we'll pay taxes. And tax basis is fairly modest, so we're inclined to take the units to be tax efficient and have as little value loss to taxes as possible.
Donald R. Chappel: Steve, I don't think we want to put any numbers out. We're in discussions with the complex committee at this point. So I think as we reach that agreement with the complex committee, we'll announce the transaction and provide updated guidance for both WPZ and Williams at that time.
Donald R. Chappel: Sharon, I think you have to stay tuned for that, but clearly yes, it does sharply reduce ethane exposure or eliminates the long ethane position after the expansion of WPZ. So we certainly reduce that, but we'll have ethylene exposure and we'll need to make sure that coverage is sufficient to account for that. Again, if ethylene prices are very high, it is expected to have relatively high coverage on that part of the business. And that if ethylene prices are lower, we would expect less coverage just like our NGLs today. If you look at Slide #83, I think we tried to indicate that somewhat, but we'll be tuning that up as we go through discussions with the complex committee, as well as continue to look at our view of the forward market.
Donald R. Chappel: Sharon, it has not. So when we come forward again with guidance, we'll update to include that, assuming that the open season is concluded. And we've got all the contracts tied down so we know the size of that.
Donald R. Chappel: Becca, I think you have to stay tuned for that. I think we'll have to see if that's something that is required or we feel is something that we need to author. Again, I think we believe that we have something that is unique at this point and we want to make sure we take full advantage of it without necessarily offering the roadmap for others.
