Donald R. Chappel: Thanks, Alan, and good morning. I'll just run through the slide six fairly quickly. It hits a number of the points included in our press release. And again, these actions were designed to enhance value at both WPZ and WMB and strengthen the credit profile and maintain investment grade ratings at WPZ as well as fund the significant portfolio of fee-based growth projects at Williams Partners. It totals about $5 billion in the 2016-2017 timeframe with the vast majority of that being Transco related. So first, Williams announced that it planned to reinvest $1.7 billion in WPZ through 2017. That reinvestment is funded by retaining cash flow that was previously paid out in the form of a dividend. The dividend reduction totals $1.3 billion annually, a 69% reduction, and the new dividend level at $0.80 represents about a 3.5% yield in terms of where we've been trading here the last couple of days and we think that's a level we'll continue to attract investors that are interested in a meaningful dividend. WPZ will maintain its current $0.85 per quarter, or $3.40 annual, dividend through 2017 and then expect to resume some level of distribution growth in 2018. As I mentioned, we expect our actions to significantly improve the credit profile, again, with $1.3 billion of cash being retained by Williams and reinvested into WPZ. That is a very strong credit positive that we think the agencies and debt investors will take note of. The estimated growth capital – let me back up here a second, again, that will reduce the external funding needs for WPZ. It will enable deleveraging at both WMB and WPZ and really targeting having WPZ below 4.5 times by 2018 and, again, with a commitment to maintain those investment grade ratings at WPZ. And, again, I mentioned the $5 billion of growth capital, which is $1.9 billion in 2016 and about $3.1 billion in 2017, with 68% and 77% in 2016 and 2017 respectively, related to Transco. So we're delighted to have the ability to grow our Transco franchise anchored with demand payments with strong counterparties and we think that will add a lot of value over time. WPZ intends to fund the growth by a number of means here, as Alan mentioned. We plan to sell the Canadian assets during 2016, plan to sign and announce in the third quarter and close the transaction in the second half of this year with combined proceeds to PZ and MB totaling more than $1 billion and PZ share being more than $800 million. We're establishing a distribution reinvestment program, or DRIP program, that will be available for all common unitholders, and we're hopeful that we get some public participation in that. And Williams does plan to reinvest $1.7 billion into WPZ through 2017. The third quarter distribution that Williams receives will be reinvested in WPZ via a private placement transaction because the DRIP program is not going to be available quickly enough, and then the contributions or the reinvestment thereafter will be through the DRIP program. WPZ would also plan to access the public equity market to the extent it has a need through its ATM program or other means as well as access to public debt market, also as needed. And, again, to the extent that we get public participation in the DRIP program, that would reduce the need for ATM or other equity. I'll pause there and turn it back to Alan.
Donald R. Chappel: Danilo, I don't think we have much in the way of guidance there, but certainly several factors. WPZ expects to increase its distribution somewhat by 2018. Obviously, we're not quantifying that today. And then, secondly, over time we would expect the reinvestment to diminish or be eliminated and a combination of factors will be considered as Williams determines what its dividend will look like. So, again, really not in a position to provide any guidance on that today, but I think it'll be something that we look at all the factors and make a decision as we got closer to that time period.
Donald R. Chappel: Those are pre-tax proceeds. We do not expect a tax burden in light of the high tax basis on those assets.
Donald R. Chappel: Yeah, a lot of questions there. I would say that we would like to, again, hold WPZ at investment grade stable levels. We would like Williams to be not more than two notches lower than that, and also have Williams credit profile strengthening as well such that Williams begins to come back to investment grade levels over a multi-year timeframe here as well. Having said that, I think we would certainly be looking at all of our options, but at this point, I would say that we would look at all the options, whether it's dividend, share buyback or debt reduction. But again, I think we'll have to see exactly what the facts and circumstances look like, what's the best use of capital as we approach 2018. I think right now we've got a pretty clear path and plan through 2017. But 2018, I think we don't want to get ahead of ourselves and really start to lay out too much until we get a little further down the road.
Donald R. Chappel: I'd say – first, I'd say that I said less than 4.5 times. That would be an agency adjusted number, so it wouldn't be right off the books, but it'd be an agency adjusted number. It has a partial year of Atlantic Sunrise, I think as Alan mentioned. We build a contingency into our financial plan for potential delay in all of our projects. And we just wanted to be clear about that. So it's partial year that's included in our 2018 numbers.
Donald R. Chappel: Craig, cash tax rate continues to be at or near zero for extended period of time in light of the heavy capital investment and significant NOL that we have. In terms of WPZ's cash flow and coverage, we've not put out a number on that. I think you can calculate that based off what we have put out. And, again, we've not defined the size of the public DRIP or ATM program. But again, I think given the data we have put out, I think you can probably come up with some pretty good estimates yourself.
Donald R. Chappel: Well, Faisel, I'd say, we have a pretty limited amount of debt in this plan. As you know, Transco issued $1 billion of debt back in January of 2016 when the market was not very attractive. But the amount of debt being issued in this plan is pretty modest. There are some debt retirements that are coming up. So we'll obviously be issuing debt to fund debt retirements. But beyond that, it's pretty limited given that we're in the process of delevering.
Donald R. Chappel: That's a great question. Again, I think it'll be a function of the amount of commodity price or other risk that we have in the portfolio. And I would say that it's somewhere going to be between 1 and 1.2 times. But these are general range of coverage that I would expect over time, again, depending on facts and circumstances, but obviously it could be a bit different from that.
Donald R. Chappel: Well, we did preview it with three agencies and it will be up to them to determine their point of view.
Donald R. Chappel: I would say that – I don't know anything offhand that throws it off, but our volumes have changed somewhat since that date. So I wouldn't want to say that it's up-to-date, but I think directionally it's in the right direction. I think we'll look to provide some updates in the future date as to what those look like. But again, we've had some movement in volumes, so I wouldn't want to say that that's as precise as it used to be, but nonetheless I think it's still something that is useful.
Donald R. Chappel: Chris, we do not get any credit support on those. They're contractually due, so the counterparties require to pay those. Obviously, in the event of a credit event, that's a different situation. But absent credit event, they're contractually due, and they have been paid timely every year. And we would expect those would continue to be paid to us in full and timely. So it's really not a worry, except in the event of a credit event. And in terms of the agencies, I think the agencies view it the same way so that they would view it as certain cash flows, except with an assumed credit event. So that would be some stress-testing around that.
Donald R. Chappel: Sharon, we're largely using strip prices, so I'd say something that's very much in line with where the current market is. And in terms of CHK cash flows, we're not expecting a significant amount of drilling activity from Chesapeake in light of the fact that they have a number of priorities for the use of their capital including some debt reduction. So again, I think we have what appears to be a fairly realistic plan at this point, and we'll see how things play out.
Donald R. Chappel: We are assuming ATM equity, and the amount will be dependent upon the amount of public participation in the DRIP. But between public DRIP or public ATM equity, we are expecting to tap that. We are not planning any additional asset sales at this point, certainly to the extent that there were any, that certainly could reduce the needs in that area.
Donald R. Chappel: I'd say it's Gathering & Processing assets throughout our system. I would say with the Northeast as a factor there just to meet growing production needs, particularly as this new pipeline capacity comes online, there's some gathering expansions that have to occur as well to fill those pipelines. So I think that's probably the biggest portion of that.
Donald R. Chappel: And we also have in that – other than interstate, we also have some investments going on out in the Permian as well. So in the joint ventures out there as well as in some of our operated facilities in the Permian, there's quite a bit of committed expansion and capital going on in that area as well.
Donald R. Chappel: Well, we haven't determined that yet, Sharon, in terms of when we would provide more detail. Certainly, you can see on slide five of the package that we produced today, you can see the projects and the amount of capital we expect to be placed in service in 2017. So that can give you some idea of the amount of growth that we expect for 2017. But we haven't determined exactly when we would lay out guidance for the 2017 period.
Donald R. Chappel: Darren, great question. Something we look at all the time. I'd say our pipes projects tend to be in the low-teens, un-levered returns. And we think the cost of capital for those is pretty low too from the standpoint if you were to really isolate that business and say what is the perfect cost of capital for that business. So I think you'd be looking at pretty low debt costs there and a pretty attractive equity cost as well I'd say. And I think that's exactly the kind of business that investors are pretty enthusiastic about and probably lowers our cost of capital overall. So we think all of those Transco projects are just really right down the sweet spot. So while we could lay off some capital there, it's not desirable, I think, from our perspective. The rest of the returns on some of those investments tend to be fairly high because they're incremental returns on existing asset bases. So, again, we'll continue to look at those and see if there's capital that is not earning a sufficient return or otherwise can be deferred or laid off. But at this point, this is the plan, but we'll continue to focus on that in an effort to maximize value creation opportunities for both PZ and Williams.
Donald R. Chappel: Darren, I think we're comfortable with the plan that we laid out here today based on the facts and circumstances we have in front of us, and obviously we'll continue to look at the changing landscape, including how we're valued and the cost of capital and make decisions from that new baseline. But we're certainly very focused on the cost of capital, very interested in reducing spending where we don't see a good spread between the return on capital and cost of capital as well, but all consistent with supporting our franchises. So we'll continue to balance those points and try to find the path that we believe will create the greatest long-term value.
Alan S. Armstrong: Okay. Great. Thank you, Don. And so just a few things to wrap up here real quick before we go to questions. Certainly, I don't think there's any argument around the industry that we hold the premier natural gas asset base in the nation and we see that continuing to deliver growing fee-based revenues. The fee-based revenues now is about 93% of WPZ's gross margin, and you're going to continue to see that grow. And so we're excited to see that, again, first on the demand side and then pulling the supply basins along with it. With the financial measures that we've announced, we'll be driving significant reinvestment at WPZ, and that's going to stabilize the investment grade ratings and improve the coverage at PZ as well. And so we certainly are on a path to continue delivering steady growing result for our investors. And I want to say once again before we close here just how pleased I am with our organization. I'd tell you the team really does understand our strategy, they understand what's critical to us, and really lots of energy around the organization right now excited about showing what we're made of and showing how we can deliver against this exciting strategy and plan and execute on this multi-billion-dollar project backlog that's going to continue to drive our growth, especially along our big interstate pipelines here for the next couple of years. And we believe that our natural gas focused strategy has positioned Williams as the company for long-term steady growth. And so with that, thank you again for joining us, and we'll move on to questions.
Alan S. Armstrong: Christine, good morning. The discount is something we're not prepared to speak to today, but I would say it will be in the range of customary discounts. We think it will be attractive to WPZ. We're unable to talk about the DRIP program today because we would be getting ahead of our registration statement. So we'll have to be patient on that. And our intention would be to have a discount that is consistent with the discount that would be available to the public once the registration statement and the DRIP program are activated. As to the $250 million of cash, or the $200 million of cash in the current quarter, that would be funded from the WPZ distribution or the Canadian asset proceeds.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah, Christine. First, I'll just say that, again, Atlantic Sunrise is currently moving along as planned, but if there were a delay, that would also significantly reduce the capital spend in those periods as well. So you'd see some reduction in DRIP program requirements or equity requirements just generally. As to 2018, we're not providing any kind of guidance on 2018 today, so again I'll ask that you be somewhat patient on that.
Alan S. Armstrong: You know what I would say today that I think we announced a series of actions today, but in terms of other potential actions, we always are looking at other possibilities, structure change or otherwise, and you've seen us take a number of actions in the past and we'll continue to evaluate the possibilities again as we continue to move forward. So I wouldn't rule anything out, but at the current time I'd focus on the actions we've taken and we really don't have any commentary really on anything else that we're looking at.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah, Jean, I don't think we have disclosed that. I can tell you that in the current environment that there's not a tremendous amount of cash flow there in the current environment with propane being so heavily depressed there in Canada. Of course, that was the purpose of the PDH project, was to take advantage of that, but it's not a meaningful amount of EBITDA here in 2016.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah, I'm sorry, Jean, I don't think we've disclosed that, and we're right in the middle of that sales process or getting that finalized. So I'd prefer not to disclose that. Thank you.
Alan S. Armstrong: I would just say we're always working with Chesapeake on ways to improve our relationship with them, and certainly we're interested in trying to get the drill bit to work there in the Barnett, which would improve volume today we have those MVCs that protect our cash flows there, but certainly would like to see the drilling activity and development activity increase there. So we are working with Chesapeake, we always are working with Chesapeake on ways to improve that, but we're not in position to be able to disclose anything on that today.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah, sure. Thank you for the question. We do think that the level that we have now is sustainable. These are not kind of one-time, these are more systemic kind of cost reductions. Our head count from the first of the year is down about 12% and our team has done a really great job on the supply chain side of things of lowering our costs there as well. So these are things we've worked hard to not just – not as simple as just head count reduction, but also process improvements across the organization. And we do think that we're reducing costs in a way that's sustainable. And we are looking for some things to simplify the organization looking forward as well. And so we're hopeful to continue to improve on the cost savings beyond what we have today as we get into 2017.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. I would say that we certainly are exploring what the tolling market looks like out there. We've kind of done that almost piecemeal in the past, kind of one customer at a time and we are looking at doing more of a process. Really if you think about, there's really two groups that would be the counterparties of those tolling agreements. One would be the market. So the parties that are selling the ethylene and have that supply, and that's a fairly consolidated group on the river. And then on the other side of that you had a multitude of buyers that really are dependent on Williams as a merchant provider in that market. So that's the downstream derivative buyers. And so we really are trying to determine which party is the better counterparty for us on that between the supply side versus the market side of that. So I would say we've moved from doing that in a kind of – I wouldn't – in a piecemeal manner, one party at a time, to kind of looking at it in a more aggregated process, and so we will be pushing ahead on that for the balance of the year.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah, I really couldn't help you too much. I think the window that's there is primarily a gas window that we're involved with, with Chesapeake and the acreage that we have. But there's just a lot of – if you think about how old a lot of those completions were versus modern technology today, there is a lot of improvements that don't require the kind of capital to drill, but just a lot of improvements that can be done with everything that the industry has learned about completions. And so we think there's some pretty low-cost incremental gas production to come out of the basin. And so we think putting ourselves in a position where we're helping encourage that is good for us long term. And so those are the kind of things that I think we would be looking for, for that basin.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah, let's see, on the capital, I don't think we've disclosed that. So we have spent money, it always takes a lot of money upfront on a project like that, and we've been very successful on the right-of-way acquisition piece of that. And so that's where the permitting and right-of-way acquisitions where majority of those dollars will go, but team's done a terrific job on that front and so we're doing very well on that. In terms of the timing of the capital, certainly the $3 billion in 2017 includes Atlantic Sunrise. I will tell you that, as we've mentioned before, team is very focused on that 2017 in-service target. But I would tell from you a financial plan standpoint – I think this has perhaps brought some confusion, from a financial plan standpoint, we always give ourselves, on all of our projects, we give ourselves some room so that we're not expecting cash flows and we can absorb some delays if they do occur. So I would just say on the planning and the project management side, we are full bore into making that 17-date, and things are going well in that regard. But from a financial planning standpoint, we put a more conservative date in there for expected start-up.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. I think probably the main delta looking forward, of course, would be the Canadian asset sales because those are very commodity sensitive and so that would probably be the big change in your model looking forward.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah, sure. I would tell you we are out recruiting and going through the interview process. We've got Spencer Stuart helping us with that effort. And it's gone very well, very impressed with the kind of candidates that we've seen and that I'm very excited about, frankly. And so we are looking to add a few really great candidates in that regard, and I would say stay tuned on that. It's moving ahead pretty quickly. But we are anxious to hear if there's any other candidates that surface as part of the – from outside of the board, the Spencer Stuart effort. We're always anxious to hear that feedback as well. So again, things are going well. We're excited about adding the board today is very stable, very engaged, but as always we're looking to add to the quality of our board.
Alan S. Armstrong: We're hoping to see that expedited, but would just say that it moves through the Delaware courts at a pace that – I would expect that it's going to drag out too terribly long, but I don't really have any specific dates for you on that. I would just remind people that the focus there is for the damages. And we certainly are – our outside counsel is certainly very focused on that. I would tell you the management team has got their head down to really execute on the plan before us, and so fully expect our outside legal team to be successful in going after those damages. But I would tell you the management team's focus is just head-on on the business before us.
Alan S. Armstrong: I would just add to that. As you think about the returns on projects like Atlantic Sunrise, great project, great returns, but in addition to the returns we get on a particular project, something like Atlantic Sunrise pulls all the way through the system. So you heard Jim talk about the 700 million a day that we have shut-in up there as – and that capital is already there, the gathering system is already there. So to the degree we unlock those constraints and systems like that, we get a very high increment in cash flows because we would see the gathering volumes pick up there as well. So, really, those projects are really important to us in terms of incremental cash flow.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. No, we certainly look at it that way. And I think the way you are describing you should look at it, with just kind of on the incremental cost of capital is the right way to think about that, and that is the way we think about it. So I completely agree with that assessment. I would just tell you I think these projects are pretty powerful in terms of what they do for us going on the increment. And we have trimmed a lot of capital out of the plan. But I think as WPZ investors see the amount of coverage that we have and see the kind of growth that is out before WPZ with all those big capital investment, I think we'll see some very constructive positioning for the PZ units. And so I think that will be a positive. But, again, I think the kind of returns that we're talking about, are powerful and we'll overcome that over time.
Alan S. Armstrong: Okay. Well, great. Well, thank you all very much. Appreciate all the interest. We're really excited about the platform that we're sitting on here for growth and very excited about really moving this business to a much more predictable set of cash flows and continuing to execute on these projects that are just coming in one after another as we expand out the business, and then ultimately the pull-through that we'll get on our supply side. So we couldn't be more excited about strategy, very thankful for a very dedicated organization that's fired up about executing on the plan. And we appreciate your confidence and interest in Williams in the future. Thank you.
