Alan S. Armstrong: Well, it's kind of hard to speculate on the ownership interest towards that. It's going to be up to Boardwalk and their decisions there. But I think as things stand we're so confident in the market demand right now on the asset that I would expect that they would carry through with their plans just because I think the returns are going to be very attractive relative to other options in the market. I would say from a volume commitment standpoint, remember that we have a number of opportunities that came to us through the Caiman acquisition in terms of the liquids there, at that facility, as well as we have the dedication that we receive from Chesapeake and we also have other parties that -- where we had the processing rights on various gas streams out there as well that give us pretty nice base, frankly, volumes to build off of and while we wouldn't be going forward on the project if we thought we could only get to that 200,000 barrels a day or so of production, I would just tell you that we're seeing very strong interest from some of the larger players out there that really recognize how much value this is going to mean to the acreage out there and perhaps even see it as a strategic advantage in terms of being able to acquire acreage in the area. So I would just tell you, the excitement has been pretty, pretty big on this from the customer base. These are very long term commitments that we're looking for and of course, those take some time to gain corporate approval on. But I would just tell you that I'm not sure we could be asking for any better response than we've received today from the shipper community.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yes, sure. It would be from the project as a whole from the Sabal trail project as a whole is what our option would be on. And again, just to make it clear, we will be supplying basically the volumes in a phased approach on the front end of that project via Transco. So we're basically the supply source by expanding to a point that reduce the amount of construction -- the greenfield construction, required for Sabal trail. So we're kind of the front end of that. And Sabal trail is going to lease that capacity with a return that's consistent with our cost of service returns. So eliminates our construction and volume risk on that. And so we have that as investment, which we found very attractive. And in addition to that, when have an option down the road to invest in Sabal trails and of course, we really like that because it gives us a chance to see how the construction costs look like when they come out and the volumes will have a much better picture on what the volume commitments look like at that point.
Alan S. Armstrong: It's primarily just an allocation. We have things like our engineering construction costs, our technical support for operations, accounting, all those things that we allocate as a corporation out against our various operating areas and because we've got so much growth in the area and we're applying so many resources it, we studied our cost across those areas and applied those more appropriately to the real expenses. So it's not really a shift in our overall cost against the company. That's just a reallocation of overhead cost to that area.
Alan S. Armstrong: No. I would just say, again, we kind of came at that with an initial estimate that was very rough and the return was so attractive on it that we decided to proceed because even at an overrun, that would have been -- or an increase in our estimate, that would have been much higher which still would make sense. And I would just say, that cost did not go outside of that range. It was higher than what we early had in our guidance. But more importantly I think, the point to be captured there is that as we look at the project, we realized one of the fundamental benefits and what I would call industrial logic that underpins the project is the fact that we have got the ability to transport propylene derivatives rather than propylene itself into markets that are much closer than transporting the propylene all the way to the Gulf Coast and then turn around and transporting the propylene derivatives back to the Midwest markets and to the -- particularly in the Northern Midwest markets. And so by getting the propylene derivative business built there, we're getting -- we are positioning ourselves to be able to capture some of that transport and logistics advantage. And so we want to build that complex in concert with those derivative plant and there may be some optimization opportunity between the propylene plant and the derivative plant. Now having said that, don't hear us say that we're going into the propylene derivative business because that's not at all what we're doing here. And in fact we're going to do this in a way that's going to reduce our commodity exposure to propylene. But it does allow us to optimize the construction of the facilities. And again, to enjoy some of the benefits of the logistics through the pricing structure.
Alan S. Armstrong: I would say that our returns -- I would say our returns will be lower than what we originally thought. But I would also tell you that they're going to be a lot lower risk because you are converted to more fee-based business.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yes, I'll take the last half of that and then I'll ask Fred Pace, who runs our engineering construction, to answer your question on the fundamentals in the construction cost in Alberta. On the derivatives side, I would just say that as you move further and further downstream, that starts to become more and more knowledge that is outside the base of our operations today. And I would just say, we have so many opportunities that are right down our fairway of knowledge that it doesn't really entice us to move outside of the area that we have strong knowledge in. And so we're excited to partner with others that have both the marketing expertise and the operations expertise that can help bring the value to that. So said another way, we're not really all that motivated to learn some new lessons when have such great opportunities in front of us right now. And so that's really driving that decision. And I'll ask Fred to answer the questions around the cost pressures in Alberta.
Alan S. Armstrong: Well I would just say, we've all made a concerted effort on that front. As you know, we went through some very significant organizational restructure post the spin-off of WPX and I would just say that we are positioned and we reorganized ourselves in a way that we can really focus and bring some transparency to our cost structures and understand the areas of opportunity we have to put pressure on that and the team is doing a great job of doing that. So I would just say it's kind of the old-fashioned way. The good news I would tell you is I think it's very sustainable. And I think we have opportunities to continue to improve even more so as we kind of explore new opportunities in a much more integrated company. And so for instance, we're seeing areas of opportunity between gas pipes and midstream where previously, we operated as separate -- completely separate business units and now, we're seeing opportunities to save money because we're operating in a much more integrated fashion than we have previously. So more to come on that, but the team is doing a terrific job and very proud of the focus they've put on that.
Alan S. Armstrong: Carl, its too early to tell. We've not yet filed our first claim. But this is something where we'll be able to: one, we can present our forecast. The forecast we had before the incident and that was prepared without any knowledge of the incident coming, so I think that's pure. There's no bias in that forecast. We can present that to the insurers now. We would have our first insurer loss in the month of August. That would have been after the 60-day waiting period, but before the planned turnaround. So there's a small period that's insured. Just a couple of weeks of operation between that 60-day waiting period and when the turnaround would have happened. So we'll be able to submit that at the end of August, early September, and get response from the insurers on that payment, and that really set the stage for the balance and then we'd be in 50-day turnaround and so then in October, we would have a partial month again where we would have another partial month claim. We'd submit that claim at the end of October and then we'd submit a claim update every month. So we think that the 60-day lag is reasonable. It's possible we could get paid earlier or somewhat later. But right now, that's our best estimate.
Alan S. Armstrong: Well, again, I think by stretching our schedule out, we give ourselves a lot more opportunity around that. And as you'll recall and I think we mentioned this in our announcement -- original announcement with PDH facility that we were going with a little bit different design than some on the industry had because -- and a little bit smaller, so that we can build that business on a more modular basis. And so that allows us to bid out that modular construction on a fixed fee. And so the remaining portion would be the in the field construction. The good news about this project aside from some of the other projects we've seen a lot of cost pressures is this work is at Redwater, which is near Edmonton. A lot of the areas we really had a lot of struggle with in terms of low productivity and cost pressures has been in the Fort McMurray area where labor is more constrained, particularly skilled labor is more constrained. So I would just say, we're taking -- we're working hard to contract this in a way that really eliminates a lot of that build construction labor risk and productivity risk and stretching the schedule out gives us even more opportunity to do that.
Alan S. Armstrong: Well, I would say a couple of things allow us with a -- and remember, only a portion of this is regulated. The frac and storage business downstream of that is not regulated, so we have that opportunity, if you will, in terms of better than FERC return and I would just tell you, we have plenty of regulated cost of service returns available to us. And so we wouldn't take any additional risk or development cost like this if we didn't expect higher returns than that. So the answer to your question is, we do expect higher overall returns on the project. And one of the things that helps us achieve that obviously, is the benefit of the Texas Gas line and which provides us with a better solution than the market would otherwise had to offer. And gets us in schedule. Importantly, I can tell you from the shipper's perspective, this timing issue probably can't overstate that in terms of importance because people have all this acreage up there. They're very anxious to go drill, but they're seeing NGL prices continue to collapse up there in a very oversupplied market. Their only option is to transport out by rail and that -- even that is getting pretty congested. So I would just say that the market is very anxious for this solution and the return we're making is -- reaps the benefits of some of the things I mentioned.
Alan S. Armstrong: I'll let John take the question on the sales contracts. I don't think we expect to have any significant losses in that area. But yes, it would cover.
Alan S. Armstrong: Those are, I would say, speculative questions at this point. But clearly, WPZ -- Williams enjoys about 75% of WPZ's distribution, so we have a big stake in it. WPZ is our primary equity funding vehicle and funding vehicle generally. So obviously it's very important to Williams. We did waive the $200 million of IDRs. We did not see any point to step forward further on that at this point. But certainly, we'll consider potential waivers, additional waivers if and when needed. So I would just say, we'll stay tuned here. If we execute as we had put forth in our plan here today, we don't believe any additional waivers are required. We look at 2014 at getting closer to 1x coverage again with a lot of fee-based growth. And by 2015, getting back to that 1x coverage number. So we're comfortable running where we are. And at Williams we'll continue to monitor the situation and see if WPZ needs any additional support and make the decision accordingly.
Alan S. Armstrong: Sure. One of the things is we had some, as we mentioned earlier, we have some time pressures on getting some of our asset integrity work done towards the end of 2012. We completed a lot of that work as we've laid out in the past so we kind of add an accelerated effort there to complete some of that work. And as well, we're continuing to take advantage where we can of the integrated nature of our business and looking to really invest that maintenance capital in the ways that reduce risk very best for this company overall. And so I would just say, we're continuing to really analyze that. Obviously, the thing we're going to spend our dollars on first is keeping the system safe and reliable and we certainly won't back off on the cost that it takes to do that and we'll continue to do that. But there are other areas that we can find ways to improve cost, purchasing power across a lot of our assets, which we -- when we combine our gas pipes and our midstream efforts, we got a lot of purchasing power. And so we're continuing to find ways to improve on that.
Alan S. Armstrong: Okay, great. Well, thank you, all, very much. This is Alan Armstrong again, thank you all for joining us and we remain very excited about the future that we have ahead of us. And our showing of starting to really turn the corner on the fee-based projects really starting to kick in so thanks for joining us.
Donald R. Chappel: Christine, it's Don Chappel, it's mostly entirely Bluegrass. There's some other moves as you mentioned, but it's largely Bluegrass.
Donald R. Chappel: Christine, this is Don Chappel. I'd just say we have a lot of options. WPZ is our preferred funding source. So to the extent that we need equity, our preference would be for WPZ to fund that versus Williams. But there are a number of other sources we expect that other parties will have interest in equity in Bluegrass. We may not choose to give any of it up, but it's really -- what you see there on the slide is just an expression of we've got quite a few options. And in the near term to the balance of this year and into next year, at least, early next year, we'll be funding this with excess cash at Williams, and beyond that, we'll have some choices to make. But for the next couple of quarters, 2 or 3 quarters, it's really funding with excess cash flow at Williams.
Donald R. Chappel: Craig, this is Don. I think answer is yes. Basically the policy covers our losses. So it's a comparison of what we would have made had the event not occurred to what we did or didn't make as a result of the loss. And obviously, we have a responsibility to minimize the loss and we would do that with or without insurance. So we're interested in getting the facility back up and running safely as quickly as possible, including the expansion. But the repairs are really the critical path item and the expansion will be complete along with the recovery and the turnaround. And we expect that to be covered.
Donald R. Chappel: I think the full year is down a little bit because of some additional bonus depreciation we were able to identify. And then just a function of continuing to refine the numbers, I think, the quarterly numbers are -- tend to move around a little bit, depending on the profitability and where that profitability is.
Donald R. Chappel: Ted, I think as John mentioned, we have a plan to get us started back up in April. If we push that back at some point, we would run out of potentially, or hypothetically, we'd run out of insurance -- business interruption insurance and the coverages combined $500 million for both business interruption and property damage. We have a current estimate on the property damage of $102 million, less a $10 million deductible. So that's $92 million of assumed coverage at this point. And then as you saw, we disclosed an estimate of $384 million on the business interruption coverage. So certainly, significant delays would expose us.
Donald R. Chappel: Yes. Again, we have no reason to believe that the downtime will extend past April at this point, but certainly as you think about risk, I think you understand it well.
Rory Lee Miller: Bradley, this is Rory Miller. Good question. In fact, when we closed out our Leidy Southeast project, we had very robust demand. But we've had a number of producers that have called back saying if they could get in to see if it was not too late to open the door and get on the project. So I think we've got over 8 BCF a day of pipeline, interconnects and capacity connected to bring gas into Leidy. And as those new connections see additional wells drilled behind our system and behind those interconnects, people are finding they need to get a way out. So we think there's an excellent chance for additional expansion up there, somewhere down the road. But very much a supply push situation. We've talked a lot about the quality of the Cabot reserves, the quality of their wells up there. But we're seeing that sweet spot extend west of there as well. So even though it's a dry gas area, the EURs on those wells are so robust that the economics of the current gas prices are very compelling. So we see a big supply push coming out of that area and we're looking at number of opportunities to help satisfy that demand from producers. Likewise, we talked a lot at Analyst Day about all the power generation opportunities up and down the system. We continue to see those opportunities roll in the door. So there's a fantastic opportunity for us to match up demand pull with the supply push, and we think that's going to keep new projects coming for years into the future.
Rory Lee Miller: Right now, we're probably focused on the Leidy opportunity and I would just say, we're early on in that, but something could be coming out here in the near future.
Rory Lee Miller: This is Rory Miller again. I think the guidance that we included in the book showed us outperforming guidance, maybe $30 million on a full year basis. And I -- so I think we're going to be able to hold on to some of that, about 2/3 of that revision is attributable to lower O&M and G&A and we've been working hard I think as Alan mentioned earlier to control expenses. And I think a lot of that is -- will be sustainable improvements. We also had some other minor issues that are helping out. We did have an increase on our liquid transportation rates on Transco for condensate and retrograde. That combined with a little higher DD&A and then a reimbursement for some engineering cost from Gulfstream accounted for about 1/3 of that $30 million. So that's a lot of detail. But a number of those are sustainable type items. Of course, the engineering reimbursement would be a one-time event.
John R. Dearborn: A very insightful question. This is a John Dearborn, on the answer to that, if you take a look at it, we've got a few investigations underway, 1 by OSHA, 1 by CSB, and of course, the Williams' own investigation. We're collaborating there in a very open and transparent way with OSHA and CSB. And as a result of that, over time, over the last few weeks, OSHA and CSB have been, I'll say, giving back more and more of that plant so that the effective plant now that's still under the control of OSHA is a very small area around the fractionator itself. And so that's allowing us now to begin to, I won't say demolish, but begin to take apart the impacted part of the plant. So pretty quickly here, we think that the investigation is going to become a less of a risk to our path of rebuild. Then the question becomes, how quickly can we get the equipment and the necessary materials to plant and construct it and that in fact sets our timeline. Though it's not without risk, we feel pretty confident about the April 1 date, that's why we've been out with it.
John R. Dearborn: Yes, and again, very insightful because of course, our customers are a very important stakeholder base for us right -- but we're going out to continue to build our relationships with our customers. All of our customers essentially are on force majeure at the moment and will be over time. We want to continue to preserve those relationships, so that they'll be there when the plant comes back up. So all these information is actually fresh for our customers in the coming weeks. We're going to be going out and speaking personally with our important customers out there so that they are with us on the other end of the startup.
John R. Dearborn: We really don't have a concern about the ethane. Essentially, the ethane goes back into the market and probably get used and consumed by others so it's not really an issue for us in our business.
