James E. Scheel: Hi, this is Jim Scheel. Thanks for the question, Abhi. As we looked at this winter, this has been one of the worst winters we've had in the Northeast, and I know over the course of the last few meetings about the reliability of the OVM system in particular, there have been some challenges with that. Those, we didn't face this year. And so volume challenges that we had were more on the producer side versus the asset side that we're operating. So we're very excited about having a reliable system ready to move gas, especially in this market of ever-increasing prices for our customers. We see a rather rapid ramp-up of volume over the course of this year. Obviously, we saw a 2% growth between the fourth quarter and the first quarter. But I want to remind you, Abhi, that during the fourth quarter of last year, we had some incremental volumes coming into OVM due to the Natrium fire. Those did not materialize or weren't in there during the first quarter of this year and we still saw an increase. As we move through the course of the year, I would expect our volumes to be slightly under perhaps what we've shown on our spreadsheets as the $335 million average, but I want to emphasize, we'll probably end the year with a much -- with above the $400 million that we're showing. So I'm excited about the assets' ability to move the volumes, to reach those goals. One of the key risks that we may need to look at is related to the Chevron well pad fire and how they react to that with bringing volumes online later in the year.
James E. Scheel: To add to that, that's a great point, Don, is we'll be bringing on a number of facilities around the OVM very quickly. We've -- we're already starting the pre-commissioning of these assets that include the stabilizer. That'll provide a much larger netback for our producers around their -- around their stabilized condensates. The deethanizer, I want to add, that's going to be a great asset for our customers. Again, we've had some restrictions in the ability to get product into the interstate pipelines because of ethane content over the course of the last couple of months. With the deethanizer online, that will no longer be an issue. It will allow basically unfettered flow out of the assets into the interstates. And then as we bring on additional capacity on the West Side of the system with the 24-inch line coming in, we're excited about the ability to fill up our cryos and continue the execution of building more cryos at the Oak Grove facilities as we move forward.
James E. Scheel: Sure. This is Jim Scheel. I'll let the majors speak for themselves as far as any specifics related to their forecasts. But I will say, generically, we've had a number of folks in our offices talking about the additional drilling specifically around the Utica dry. I would say there's an upside opportunity for us at OVM to be gathering some of that Utica dry gas into our system, gathering that for them. We have some extra capacity at the plants today, so that wouldn't impact our liquids volumes to provide us with some near-term additional opportunity. Right now that's not baked into our plans, but I think what you'll see is, as folks are delineating that dry side, you'll see more and more permits issued, so they get a better feel for what they have in that particular area.
James E. Scheel: Well, OVM was running, during the first quarter of this year. We -- let me look at this real quick. We were running at about 271 a day. We obviously have a lot more capacity coming online than that. I'm really not focused on the capacity issue right now. We can take everything that customers can bring to us. We're anticipating having that growing to over 400 by the end of the year. What I'm the most focused on as it relates to capacity really are those issues related to the new assets coming online this year. That will help us both from increasing our fee-based revenue to also maximizing our customer netbacks. And so as you can see the second and third quarter come online with those incremental assets, that's what we'll be really focusing on. And then we'll be taking all the gas that the customers can produce out of OVM.
James E. Scheel: Again, this is Jim Scheel. As we look at the second and third quarters, just again to reemphasize, we'll be bringing on substantial new assets during the end of the second quarter. That would be driving additional fee-based revenue. We do see a pretty significant ramp-up during the second -- or during the third and fourth quarter. I've mentioned earlier, I think, in our package that we've provided, we're showing an average of about $335 million a day for OVM. I think that will be a little bit short of that as far as the yearly average goes. Right now we're anticipating about $327 million but ending the year at a much higher rate. So in excess of the $400 million that we're showing there is our current thoughts around that. So yes, we do have a pretty significant ramp-up. And I think that's in line with what you see from others, whether that be ACMP or Blue Racer also showing pretty significant volume growth, as producers take advantage of this gas environment we're in today.
James E. Scheel: That's right. Not to -- again, I haven't really focused on the ultimate capacity of the system. We're working to fill up what we've got today. But as we look at Oak Grove coming online with TXP-1, we've got the ability to add significantly more cryo capacity at that facility. We can have up to 10 cryos at that facility. We have a great piece of flat land. We'll talk to you a little bit more about this at analyst day. But when I think of the total capacity for the OVM system, were really in excess of 2 Bcf a day. So it's really -- we will be able now, with these foundational assets, to stay ahead of our customers. And so as we see their drilling profiles coming online, we'll be adding additional infrastructure if necessary. It's not going to be near as much pipe. We'll be connecting to the CRPs, making sure that we have the processing and the compression in place in order to meet their needs. And what is so nice now is where we have struggled in the past around some of those challenges, as we've come into 2014, we're well positioned to do that. Customers have recognized the increased reliability and our ability to get their gas to market. So we will build to meet our customers' needs, and we can meet all of the needs that they have today through our assets as we bring on the stabilization, the deethanizer. The ethane line, the additional 24-inch line on the West side and then TXP-1 at Oak Grove, we've got a great story of growth to tell and the ability to meet the customer needs.
James E. Scheel: Yes. And I guess, and even a follow-up to Alan, as we talk about the Susquehanna Supply Hub or formerly ABA market area, up in the Northeast, our capacity will be going up towards the top end of that as we go through the course of 2014 into '15. And we're already thinking ahead of how do we continue to expand that capacity through compression in order to meet our customer needs across the board. Those investments in that incremental volume isn't in guidance but those discussions have already started taking place as working with our customers in order to facilitate all of their needs. And it is a complex issue. As Alan was pointing out, it's one that, I think, across the Northeast, we're getting much better at.
James E. Scheel: Okay. Well, there are a lot of questions there. Let me start out and let's make sure I don't miss one. Starting out as it relates to the opportunities around the dry Utica, I would say we still continue to be very excited about the wet Marcellus, obviously. We've built a wet system at OVM. It's one where we have the ability to continue to expand our cryo facilities in order to meet that need and maximize netbacks for our customers. Yes, the incremental improvement in fee-based revenue will come through both increased gathering, as well as the additional services provided to our customers. So that will improve our overall revenue position for OVM. As it relates to the dry gas area, I think we're perfectly positioned to go, in the near term, put some of that dry gas into our existing system. Obviously, we won't -- we'll be running that through the plant where we won't be getting any liquids, but with surplus plant capacity right now, we have the ability to do that. And let -- and work with our customers in order to help them identify what they've got. And as far as the resource potential in the dry area, we're all very excited about that potential to the extent we need to have a duplicate dry gas system built because I believe, again, I believe a lot in the wet area. And to the extent where we continue to build out that, it would really be a separate dry gas system. As we think about putting in some of the 24-inch lines, well, there is the potential, I guess, to repurpose some of our lines. Those will be -- that would be on our planning horizon as we talk to the customers. Again, this all really comes back to making sure we're planning with our customers about what they need and when they need it. I think that dialogue is beginning to open up as they learn more about this. And because of our great competitive position in that marketplace, I think we're well positioned to meet any of those requirements as they evolve. Again, a big dry gas build-out though is not contemplated in any of the numbers that you're seeing here today. I don't know if that was every one of the questions, but I think it was.
James E. Scheel: Yes. Yes, it is because the margin will increase because of the additional services we're providing through OVM. In addition to that, we have some higher revenues coming from the recontracting around ABA.
Donald R. Chappel: This is Don Chappel. Just to add to Jim's comments, I'd also just remind you that, again, we're bringing a number of processing and frac facilities online during the year. And even on the volumes -- on the growing volumes, those will provide additional fees. So we'll not just get the volume growth, but we'll get additional fees for additional servicing.
Donald R. Chappel: Good morning, Carl. In terms of the next tranche of cash, I would expect we'll see some cash in the second quarter. We've made an application with the insurers for the next period of loss and it's going through their process. So I would expect we'll see some cash in the second quarter. I think we've disclosed that our business interruption insurance combined with our property damage insurance would substantially offset the down time. We think that's still the case. Exactly what that is will be dependent on the Geismar -- I'll call them pro forma margins, had Geismar has been up and running, and as well as our negotiations with the insurance companies. But I don't think anything has really changed. I think we're about where we were the last time we talked.
Donald R. Chappel: Christine, this is Don Chappel. We had an option in our Caiman II deal to increase our ownership by funding a proportion of the amount of the capital investments. So we chose to act. We had a good look at the -- how the business was developing. We liked what we saw, so we exercised our option to invest a greater amount than our partners and increase our ownership accordingly. So we did that. In terms of the exit, we have a right of first offer on the sale, so we'll see what the sellers choose to do.
Donald R. Chappel: Ted, this is Don. Yes, one, we do have -- obviously, we have dividend, but in terms of the excess cash flow at Williams, beyond the 20% annual dividend increase that we've guided to, we do have some projects that are in development that we've highlighted here. And that cash is earmarked for those projects. Beyond that, we'll have a high-class problem of choosing whether or not we have any additional projects or if we just roll that cash into an even greater dividend. So we're moving more and more to a, call it, pure-play HoldCo model. And as WPZ financial capacity grows, we would expect more of the organic growth to be funded at WPZ and less so at Williams. And again, so moving more and more the a GP HoldCo, where Williams can put all -- substantially all of our excess cash flow into the business.
Donald R. Chappel: Sharon, this is Don. We expect a $10 million impact on property damage with the excess property damage covered by insurance. We expect the -- I'll call it the business interruption loss to be very modest, particularly given that we already have 2 of the plants back up in operation, and we're hopeful that we can bring the other 2 undamaged plants into operation in the not-too-distant future. So expect $10 million in property damage and a very modest loss related to the downtime.
Donald R. Chappel: Now Becca, this is Don. That implies, call that, up to a 4x debt-to-equity -- excuse me, debt-to-EBITDA ratio, so again, well within the BBB investment-grade band that WPZ enjoys. So really nothing in terms of levering up. It's just really the cash flows are growing at such a rapid rate that it creates substantial additional debt capacity.
Donald R. Chappel: I think our position is that this management team and the board chosen to maintain investment grade at Williams, and that's where we're at. But having said that, we'll certainly always be open to looking at what kind of value we can create and balance that with risk. But again, the management team and the board have chosen investment grade at both WPZ and Williams. So it mitigates some risk during more challenging financial times, and puts Williams in a more opportunistic position during challenging financial times. And while things are rolling pretty nicely in the capital markets, we know that, on a pretty regular basis, the high-yield market does shut down. So that's the advantage that having both WPZ and Williams at investment grade provides us.
Donald R. Chappel: I think our initial guidance, Chris, contemplated 3 months of ownership of PZ. And as it turned out, there was 1 full month of ownership because the drop-down happened a couple of months later than what we expected when we put out that guidance in the first place. The good news, Williams enjoyed those earnings for January and February instead, and the -- yes, the 1 month was about $15 million to $20 million.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yes, sure, Abhi. I would just tell you that if you look over time, we've been at the -- I'm not sure if it's good or bad, but we've been in the lead in having more maintenance capital as a percentage of our EBITDA if you look back over the last 4 years or so, and that is really just driven by our focus on making absolutely sure that we're spending dollars wherever we can to improve safety and reliability on our systems. We'll continue to do that. I would just tell you that we got a lot of work out of the way, a lot of big, expensive work done out of the way in terms of -- in 2012, and that's for a number of reasons, some regulatory required, but as we inspected our lines, we went to the areas where we thought we would have the worst conditions on our systems, and as we've moved off of that group, obviously, we get to the newer and newer systems and the systems with less potential anomalies in it. And so our cost per mile of inspected pipe is coming down dramatically on us because we're getting into the better and better pipes. So we saw kind of a big run up there in '11 to '12, driven by things like the Clean Air Act and some pipeline inspection rules. And that was really kind of driving that. So not telling you that you should expect that to continue to go lower because we don't have that built into our plan. But so far, just the things that we've been hitting lately as we inspect our pipes, we've had less repairs required. So we basically have to forecast what we do expect to find with our in-line inspection tools. And our pipeline inspections, we basically have to estimate how much of that we'll have to repair, and that's been coming down over time, just again, because we're into the better -- some of our better-conditioned pipe.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yes, Abhi. I'm going to ask John Dearborn. He is quite the student of that issue. And I'm going to ask him to offer his thoughts on that.
Alan S. Armstrong: Carl, great questions, as always. I would just tell you that, certainly, I think that there's a lot of people kind of counting on somebody else solving the problem as it relates to Bluegrass. And frankly, we're not going to be the ones to do that for the whole industry without adequate contractual support. And -- but yet, we still believe that something needs to get done. We're very interested in seeing the very best project available to the market come forward and get subscribed, and whether it's Bluegrass or whether it's a combination of other projects, we're not all that jealous of the opportunity, frankly, just because we have so many other great investment opportunities, and very well contracted opportunities. But we certainly think that something -- a solution does need to get resolved. Used an interesting term there to say that the train that we would have to hit out here. And I would just tell you that, that is going to be issue is people are going to understand in the not-too-distant future that railing all of this product out of the area is just not going to be a sustainable solution. But I think that's kind of what's got the market thinking it can continue to ignore the longer-term issue at this point. So we're going to remain very engaged in the subject for both our own project and for other potential projects that might come along. And we'll certainly stand by, ready with Bluegrass for the industry, if it becomes adequately supported by contract. You are correct. I do see this a little bit like Atlantic Access, where the market just wasn't quite ready for it and just didn't feel the pain quite enough yet. And I do think that as we get into this summer and into next winter, when a lot of this new production and these -- starts to ramp up. As for our forecast, our forecast that we see through Access and our forecast that we see through Blue Racer, we see a lot of liquids coming into the market and we're certainly hopeful that we can get a project supported that will not deter drilling in 2016 because this is some tremendous resource out here. And we're going to have to work as an industry to come up with the right market access, and we certainly look forward to being a part of that.
Alan S. Armstrong: I'd -- yes, if you look at the ramp-up in volumes that we're expecting, I think we will see some pretty big improvement in volumes.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yes, certainly, we have a great relationship with Boardwalk, and I would tell you that we're working to make sure that if there is a project there that makes sense, we're -- we got the ability to move forward with the project. And at the same time, Boardwalk's got the rights -- under certain conditions, has the rights to utilize that capacity for gas if they see a demand or a higher value in that direction after a certain period of time here. And so I think we've struck the right balance between us in terms of how to move forward on the project. And so I think it's really kind of a matter of time. I think for the meantime, I think there is plenty of alternative uses or alternative ways to move gas south and quite a bit of capacity to do that on various lines, including the existing -- 2 other existing Texas gas lines that would still be in gas service. So -- or on Boardwalk's system. So I would leave that to Boardwalk to answer a little more -- in a little more fine manner. But from our vantage point, we've struck the right balance that allows us to keep Bluegrass on the table and also, under certain conditions, allows them to move forward with something that makes sense for Boardwalk.
Alan S. Armstrong: It actually -- if you look at our pattern of spending on that, Timm, you'd see that second quarter is always kind of our highest because we've got a lot of work going on, kind of winding up, waiting for a thaw out. And so I would say, generally, you'll see our heaviest spending on maintenance capital in the second quarter followed by fairly high third quarter, and then it tends to taper off in the fourth quarter because winter starts to impact our ability to get work done there again. So I think if you look back to our historical patterns, that's what you should expect.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yes, Timm, I'll take that. First of all, I think one of the major differences is we're dealing primarily with a big chunk of that, will be through the state of Pennsylvania. And I would tell you the state of Pennsylvania has been very businesslike and approached things in a fashion that's very cooperative. And so I think that's probably one of the biggest differences frankly. It is not all along existing right of way, though, just to be clear. There is some greenfield route coming south of the Leidy diamond, if you will, or the Leidy lateral. Where it ties back into our main line is a greenfield. And so we certainly will have routing issues to deal with there that we don't get to enjoy along with looping our existing lines. So there is some existing looping on there, but there's also some greenfield expansion there. But I would just say the area that we're going through does not deal with some of the New York DEC permitting issues that we're facing on Constitution.
Alan S. Armstrong: Sure. That is gaining some steam I would say. I think PEMEX is very focused on developing those deepwater reserves in a very timely manner for a number of reasons I think. I think their elections are in 2018, and I think they certainly want to show that. But I would remind you there that, that 2017 is actually 2017 plus, so not as big a change that we were intending to indicate there. But I would say, at the same time while you ask the question, that they are going to try the accelerate that as much as possible, and that's why a project like or system like Gulfstar, with our existing pipelines in the area and our capabilities, is really important to that in terms of speed to the market. So we're very excited to be positioned well for that opportunity.
Alan S. Armstrong: So Brad, just to add a little color. That's a great job by Jim kind of describing the situation out there. But it is not as simple as just do I have processing capacity out there. It depends on do you have the trunk line laterals to be able to reach out and get the gas. Do you have the air permit requirements to set compression to pick up the gas? Do you have ethane, deethanization capacity to be able to not get constrained into the interstates and backup gas that way? And so it's a tremendous amount of planning required between the producers and the midstream companies to not have underutilized capacity but to be able to be drilling where the capacity is. And I would highlight a perfect example of that great planning that goes on between us and Cabot in the Northeast. And if you looked at the utilization of our facilities there, you would see it very high, and you'd also see a limited constrain limited to their activity, limited constrained production on Cabot's part, again, relative to their tremendous growth profile that they're on. And so that's a great example of the kind of planning that can be done and that we'd certainly try to encourage with customers. And as Jim mentioned earlier, he's had -- that's starting to be recognized because he's had customers coming into his office wanting to sit down and make sure that they've got capacity for things like some of this burgeoning Utica drilling that is really starting to gain some attention right there in the footprint of OVM.
Alan S. Armstrong: Okay, well, great. Thank you, everybody, for joining us this morning. As you can tell, a lot of excitement about the quarter and the growth prospects that we have in front of us. And we'd just say we look forward to seeing you at analyst day and sharing a little more of that with you and particularly as we look further in beyond '15. So thanks again for joining us, and we're excited -- we very much look forward to seeing you at the upcoming analyst day.
John R. Dearborn: Yes. Hi, Abhi. Thanks very much. It is an interesting idea. It think I'm a bit schizophrenic on the idea of this, so let's talk about both sides. From one perspective, you'd really like to see some better price signals out there on ethane so the necessary infrastructure gets built and you get supply reliability to the industry, to the petrochemical industry, which, of course, we're a participant of, but of course, that could mean ethane prices going up. So moving some ethane offshore I think begins to increase some of the demand, which perhaps begins to create a better balance there so that we do get the infrastructure that provides the supply reliability, which then assures on the demand side that people continue to invest capital. On a very positive note, though, that -- and I can't speak to the project that was recently announced. But on a very positive note to projects like this, I think there's also an opportunity because there are some shortages out there in the world for ethylene that we could export some ethylene from some of these ethane facilities. And I think that bodes well for the ethylene balance in North America, which would be a very positive dynamic for us with our investment at Geismar today. So I see a fair bit of positive there. Exactly how big the market is going to be for ethane export, that's a difficult challenge, a difficult question to answer right now. But I do see positive dynamics on the -- potentially on the ethylene site.
John R. Dearborn: Yes. Thanks for the question. Geismar 2 is we're out in the market right now trying to assess the market's interest in participating in an investment there. Our concept, and we're going to be talking more about this at the analyst meeting coming up or analyst day coming up in New York, but our concept there is to build a cost advantage, large cracker. It would be greenfield. We have expanded Geismar, if I could call it Geismar 1 for the moment, about as big as Geismar 1 could be expanded. I think we're about done with expansion save for perhaps some incrementals there. So that's a concept between -- about what we're thinking on this -- another investment on the river in ethylene.
John R. Dearborn: Yes, the current concept is we're considering a JV with perhaps 1, at most 2, other partners that would build derivative capacity alongside it, so creating new demand. And then we would take our volumes and sell them into the market on a fee-for-service basis.
John R. Dearborn: Yes. That is a great question now. And yes, we did through the first quarter, but we're tight-lined to Suncor up there. They did have some operating issues at the upgrader, which reduced our volumes approximately by about 20%. At the end of the quarter, all of those issues were resolved, and we're back to full volume. So looking forward, we can expect Canada to deliver at its full potential.
Rory Lee Miller: Yes. This is -- Christine, this is Rory Miller. That project is a -- it's a negotiated rate. It will eventually be rolled in, and so it's a little bit lower than what the postage stamp rate would be, and therefore, it's required to be rolled in.
Rory Lee Miller: Yes, I'd be happy to take that. With -- if you think over the last couple of years, we've had a series of projects that were primarily designed to move Marcellus supply into the traditional market areas on Transco. The first ones are Northeast Supply Link. The second one was Leidy Southeast. The third was Constitution. Now that's not impacting the Transco system at all, but it's certainly pulling reserves out of that area. And then the fourth project is Atlantic Sunrise. And all of those projects -- or at least the 3 Transco projects, had the feature of taking advantage of some of the latent capacity or latent capabilities that existed on the system to be backhauled or to be designed to change the flow from north to south. As we start moving beyond the volumes that we currently have contracted, the costs do start to go up. And so I think the big question there is where's the market for service for producers in that area to get to an end user that they can contract with, take their gas. And the market's going to have to be higher than, say, the market that was established for Atlantic Access for us to do more. However, if you start looking at new greenfield projects out of the area, you'll be looking at rates far in excess of the rates that we contracted for in Atlantic Sunrise. So I know that's a little bit unclear on -- as to the question you asked, but on a per-unit basis, the capital required is going to be higher on future projects than it has been on the projects in the past.
Rory Lee Miller: Sure. Yes, on Constitution, we have started getting into some of the typical project milestones. The FERC issued a favorable draft environmental impact statement back on February 12, and they'd asked for comments by April 7. A lot of parties were asking to get that date extended. The FERC did not do that and held fast with their schedule, and we appreciated that. I would say, in general, that the FERC has been very workmanlike in terms of laying out a plan and sticking to it. So we're very satisfied with what the FERC has been doing so far. They've been trying to, I think, do their part in terms of helping us get the projects built. Right now we're working with FERC and the New York DEC in a coordinated fashion to try to get any of the remaining questions answered and the details checked off with the hope that we're going to get a final decision sometime later this year. But it is part of a process, and I'd say it's moving well. But at the end of the day, there's probably more things that are uncontrollable in terms of going through the regulatory process than there are in terms of doing just the actual physical construction. In terms of in-service date, I think right now I'd say that what we've guided so far is -- those are still good assumptions.
