Donald R. Chappel: Christine, this is Don. Good morning. Great question. We've been in regular dialogue with S&P and the other agencies. And I really can't speak for the agencies, but I think we've had a very constructive conversation and I think they appreciate the strength of our business, as well as some of the challenges ahead, and we're continuing to work with them and look forward to their decision. And again, we're very much focused on maintaining that investment grade rating, but obviously it's their call.
Donald R. Chappel: I would say that we're preparing for the asset sales. We've not launched anything as of this date, yet we're confident that we can sell the assets and generate the liquidity that we previously outlined kind of in the second quarter. But at the same time, we're not identifying the assets at this point. We don't think it's in our interest to do so. We have quite a few assets that we could in fact monetize, so we're going to keep our options open, but we remain confident in our ability to do so. The merger does not need to close. So we'll execute on that either before or after the merger, depending on the exact merger timing.
Donald R. Chappel: Yeah. I think it's around 20% plus or minus. It depends on the period, but somewhere in that zipcode. I think 18% was the most recent.
Donald R. Chappel: Yeah. I think our plan is to keep Transco in the sweet spot for its rate-making purpose. So we are not inclined to put more leverage on Transco. Now, Transco has a lot of growth so, certainly, it'll naturally absorb some additional debt as it continues to build out its projects. But in terms of just adding leverage to Transco, that's not our plan.
Donald R. Chappel: I can't give you their timing. I think, again, you'll have to speak to the agencies on that. But again, we've been working collaboratively with them to provide the information that they need to make their rating decisions.
Donald R. Chappel: Sharon, this is Don. We have a number of options. Obviously, we pointed at cost reductions, asset sales, potential partners on some of our projects to reduce capital needs and a variety of other tools. We certainly are mindful of the fact we've got significant cash flow that goes out in the form of distributions, but again we don't have any further guidance on that but that's always an option.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. No, that is right. It is everything. Those contracts are all-in-one and it's all the terms of the contract, so there isn't ability to cherry pick the terms the contract.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. I think we really don't have those risks in our projects right now. They're fully contracted and they're very secured credit standing behind those contracts. So we really don't have that kind of risk in the projects that we are utilizing with Transco. And so there are a lot of producer-pushed projects out there with very different kind of credit rating standing behind them, but in our case, we feel very strong about the credit and the term standing behind our projects. And there's certainly great push to move ahead with those and a lot of volumes packed up behind those systems ready to flow if and when we get those projects completed.
Alan S. Armstrong: Well, perhaps. The only thing I would say to that is there would have to be expansions likely because we have a really clear idea where all those volumes are going to come from that are supporting those projects that we have and they're completely sold out. So it would have to be in the form of expansions beyond what we have today.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah, to a certain degree. For instance, some of that capital is out in the Permian, and in that case, we're going off of the operators' indication on how much capital will be spent out there; operator being the operator of the midstream assets. Most of that's non-operator investment for us and so we're depending on both the producers and the midstream operator forecast of that and that continues to be a moving target in many basins. So I would say in those areas, those more oil-driven basins could be some movement down. I would say in the areas like in the Marcellus or the Utica, we're managing that very closely and trying to optimize the timing of the capital right in line with the opening of new projects coming out of the area. And so there's probably some room to optimize, if you will, and the way some of that capital until the projects are specifically coming on time. So, we could see a little bit of that slip, but a lot of that is already underway and the work is ongoing.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. We saw a little bit pickup and we certainly saw interest from producers who shut in and were bringing back online. So we actually have seen some people taking advantage. We've seen some these cold weather surges. What you have to really remember about the demand in the Northeast there is it's driven by two things. First of all, its capacity to get out of the region and that's pretty fixed. In other words, those pipelines are completely full getting out of the region and so that doesn't move a whole lot. But what does move in a regional demand based on weather loads in the area where gas is consumed in the region. And so that'll be either driven by cold weather, which we've seen a little bit here in the first quarter, or it'll be driven by very hot weather in the summertime and those are the two things that will drive the variable. Until some of these projects – new projects come online, that will be what drives the volumes in the Northeast. There's plenty of gas ready to meet that demand as it opens up.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. No, our – I'm sorry if I gave you that impression. We continue to work with Chesapeake in areas to help in negotiating and I would say nothing has changed on that. Our relationship with them is very strong. And the concept of the rate – we keep hearing this above-market rate and I think what people need to remember there is that the rates get set based on the capital that we spent and the returns that are very normal returns in the market. And so, we hear this term above-market rates a lot of the time, but in fact, really the returns that we're generating are very normal. What's occurred that caused the rates to go higher in some areas is where the volumes haven't shown up, but we're still the asked return on our invested capital is very normal for the space. But certainly no indication – or no, I didn't mean to indicate that our tone with Chesapeake has changed. We're simply – and I want to make really clear on this, all we're trying to address is all the concerns that have been expressed by the investors and media, not necessarily our own. We've always kept an eye on the issue as we do with any big customer, but our relationship with Chesapeake and our confidence in them remains very high.
Alan S. Armstrong: We'd take on that first part in terms of our return. Yeah, those returns were set kind of in the mid-teen range on all of those assets and that's what we continue to try to seek out like in our renegotiations in the Haynesville and so forth. We continue to seek out that type of return there. So, that really hasn't changed. The overall contribution of Chesapeake to our EBITDA, I'll have Don maybe take that one.
Alan S. Armstrong: Becca, I will take the second half of that and I'll let John take the first part of that. As to the contracts in any negotiation, that was a situation where the rate from a legacy cost of service contract was so high that there was no way the reserves in the area would ever be produced and so it was a matter of rate being even in excess of the price of gas. And so, this was a matter of actually getting the gas flowing and assuring ourselves that the gas would continue to flow in exchange for some additional volumes and additional dedication in the area. So, whenever we have opportunities like that that we can bring increment to our gas – or, sorry, our cash flows as we look on a long-term basis, we certainly will try to take advantage. And there are plenty of win-win opportunities out there to increase our cash flows to get gas flowing that's not flowing today. Obviously, we have to be cognizant of the fact because I mentioned earlier that there is only so much gas that's going to get out of the region. And so we want to maximize those revenues on our system because we realized that when Mcf starts flowing in one place, it likely means that it didn't come off a competitor system; it would come off of our own system. So we certainly are cognizant of that issue and the strength getting out of the basin.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. Certainly that's the case, Becca, and I think what our decision is, is what benefit do we get out of that. Again, we have to look at it knowing that there's only a certain amount of gas that's going to get out of the region. And so, we have to determine what the benefit that they're willing to offer in exchange for us lowering the rate up against current prices in a way that provides the cash margin. So, we understand people's cash margins very well. Truly no secret in terms of what that looks like to producers because we get it from so many different people. And it really just boils down to who's got the best offer in terms of exchange for us in terms of us being incented to see their gas flows over somebody else's.
Alan S. Armstrong: I think, Sharon, we provided specifics on those, but I do think we've said that those are significant. And so you can look to the kind of revenues that we get off of facilities like Devil's Tower and Gulfstar One. And you can think about that from a volumetric standpoint as both the Kodiak tie-in that comes into Devil's Tower and the Gunflint tieback comes on to Gulfstar, but they're certainly very significant. Of course, just like any deepwater wells, they come on gangbusters and decline over time, but they will be fairly significant in terms of cash flow additions when they start up.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah, sure. Just to be clear, those MVCs are part and parcel to the agreement. There's no separate agreement; it's all one agreement. And in a proceeding – any proceeding, the final decision there would be for the creditors to decide if they wanted to accept or reject the contract. And so that's how that would go. And it's all or none in terms of they don't get to again decide anything. So I know there's been a lot of talk about the MVCs being at risk, but that's somewhat – I'm not sure what's driven that assumption by the investor base, but that's not the way it works. And as well, the market-based rate issue, while that might occur during a short-term period, during the proceedings, there might be an ability to take something to market rates if all the other protections that we talked about were to fail. Then it would just be during the interim period prior to the settlement of the proceedings.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. No, John. I think if there was a reason for us to negotiate, then, yes, that could be part of a settlement. But the decision really is to accept or reject. And really, our point is if the contract is rejected, then we no longer have an obligation to provide service. And because these assets are built uniquely for these reserves, the ability to duplicate these assets would be, from our vantage point anyway, in most of these cases just would not be feasible to build or duplicate all these facilities in these very heavily – particularly places like the Barnett where it's very heavily populated and very expensive to build in, especially when you've got less reserves than you started with to build the assets in the first place. So, anyway, it could come down to a negotiation if there was value to be shared between the parties in a better contract, but our point is just that there isn't any ability to just separate. If somebody accepts the contract, they accept the contract in its whole. And if they reject it, then they take the risk of not being able to get their product moved out of the basin.
Alan S. Armstrong: Oh, sorry, this is on Jim Scheel's. No, I think I can clean that up. All that is – Jim was saying, if the existing shut-in gas that's already contracted that's sitting behind our systems today, because it doesn't have anywhere to go, it's constrained in terms of bottleneck. It's already connected to our systems and ready to flow, so there's no additional capital required by anybody, but what has to happen is the markets in the downstream long-haul have to open up. And if that were to open up, that's the amount of – that $180 million is the amount of incremental income that we would see, or EBITDA.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. No, we really – so far in our negotiations, we've been able to hold our EBITDA steady under these contracts. And, of course, that's extremely important to us so we haven't backed up in these negotiations. We haven't backed up our EBITDA that we're getting in the current environment. So that hasn't occurred and we wouldn't expect it to.
Alan S. Armstrong: Okay. Very good. Again, thank you all very much for joining us. Really pleased with the way the business continues to operate in this difficult commodity environment, and very excited about the amount of growth projects that are out in front of us that are consistent with our strategy of taking advantage of seeing these low price natural gas really develop a lot demand. And so, we're very excited about where we sit and we appreciate your interest in the company. Thank you for joining us.
