Alan Armstrong: Okay. Well, great. Thanks, John. And I'll close by reiterating my remarks at the top of the call that quarter after quarter, we continue to demonstrate that we have built a core business that has steady predictable growth and is resilient in the face of multiple macroeconomic conditions. In fact, this makes the 27th quarter in a row that we've either met or exceeded the Street consensus. A careful allocation of capital has delivered improving returns on capital employed. And in fact, this is a 21.7% return on invested capital as we've showed in recent presentations. We delivered a very strong balance sheet and we have a growing dividend with best-in-class coverage. Our long-haul pipes are in the right places, serving the right markets, our formidable gathering assets are in the low-cost basins that will be called on to meet gas demand as it continues to grow for decades, and our Sequent platform is providing infrastructure optimization services that create value for Williams and our customers while mitigating downside risk in these volatile and fast-growing markets. You've heard me say before that we are bullish on natural gas because of the critical role it plays and will continue to play in both our countries and the world's pursuit of a clean energy future. But even more so, we are also bullish on America's ability to lead on all fronts when it comes to clean, reliable and affordable energy. The United States is positioned better than any other country to solve the energy crisis and the climate crisis we're facing around the world. But I'll stand on my soapbox again and remind you that access to our abundant and low-cost natural gas reserves here in the U.S. is dependent on having the appropriate infrastructure to move energy where it is needed. We're seeing and feeling today the impact of inadequate infrastructure both here at home and especially in Europe, with consumers bearing the brunt of these actions in the form of high energy prices high utility bills and energy-driven inflation. The good news is that we have a solution that is readily available, a solution that will support global emissions reductions keep energy costs affordable and grow our nation's competitiveness, enabling the efficient unobstructive build-out of our nation's energy infrastructure to ensure delivery of natural gas is foundational to the U.S.' leadership on greenhouse gas emissions reductions and energy security. And we at Williams will proudly continue our efforts to strongly advocate for actionable energy policy solutions and permitting reform in the days, months and years ahead. And with that, I'll open it up for your questions.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, Jeremy, I just -- let me be clear on that. First of all, I think there's been a lot of confusion out there in the market on the forms of those contracts. We expect production net -- our net interest production to continue to grow in '23. And so we have been very pleased with GeoSouthern's efforts out there. They've been a great operator and they've really been hitting it out of the park, so to speak, in their efforts and the performance on wells, both on the cost side as well as delivery side. So we're really excited about their activities out there.  So we do -- just to be clear, we do expect our net interest production to continue to grow into '23. And so the people have been talking about a decline relative to the reversion. Our interest in the undeveloped acreage declines, but not our interest in the existing flow of production. And in fact, the nice thing about that is our capital obligations really fall back really hard in '23 after that reversion occurred because we won't be continuing to have to invest in drilling operations there. So -- but in terms of looking for -- to sell the asset, we certainly -- that is our long-term objective and continues to be. And we think the acreage is certainly proving itself up to exceed it. I would tell you, though, it's got a long ways to go from where it is today in terms of total volume growth in that area. In fact, really just starting to scratch the surface of that inventory in the area. So yes, we certainly have our eyes and ears open, but no, we are not getting near the peak of the volumes out there at all.  And so it's really playing out on its exact we like we intended accept that we've had this nice, big upside of pricing here in the current environment. And the volumes this year have been -- are outperforming where we thought they would be. So great news really kind of all the way around there in terms of upside, and it's going to drive a lot of free cash flow into '23 and '24.
Alan Armstrong: No. I would just say, we've got -- there's a lot more room to grow out there than what people are expecting, I think. I think we continue to be impressed by other is informing us on in terms of kind of well beyond the current reduction level. So I would just say we're not waiting, if you will, necessarily. We just want to be assured that the production growth will continue on the pace kind of if we're not the owner. And I think certainly, the alignment we've had with GeoSouthern out there has been productive for both of us. But no, we're not waiting on any particular volume number. We think the evidence is pretty clear in terms of the performance out there at this point. So we think the viability of that acreage has been pretty well proven up already just in terms of the performance of GeoSouthern channel already.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. Thanks for the question. And first of all, we were -- Sequent was a sizable customer there to NorTex, and we were looking at their process as they were going through that to and realizing what they could charge for that storage. And frankly, we were pretty impressed and from our perspective, what they could have charged for storage in that area and recognize that we thought that rates could probably be driven up there just because of the value of that storage in these more volatile markets. And we continue to believe that today the load from the variability of power generation, gas-fired power generation as well as LNG, we think is going to continue to drive value for natural gas storage. We're certainly seeing that as Sequent was a buyer of storage, and used to be a large buyer of storage. We understand that market very well, and we think there's a lot of value there. That's first thing. Second thing, one thing that I commented on in my opening comments that we're excited about as well is we did get an order from the FERC last week to be able to put market-based rates in place on our Washington Gas storage. We still have a lot of work to do on that. So we have to go through the process of filing those rates, but we did get a very important order out of FERC last week to be able to go to market-based rates for our Washington Gas storage. And so that is a very large deal for us. That's about 75 Bcf a day of working gas storage. And so that's -- that gives us about 110 Bcf a day of storage in the Gulf Coast area between NorTex and Washington Gas storage. So yes, we are pretty committed to this concept. We think there's a lot of value there and finding ways to extract the real value out of our current assets and out of NorTex is certainly going to be a mission for us in the years looking forward.
Alan Armstrong: Well, that's a great question. And the answer is yes. It certainly does influence how we look, and we recognize we're outpacing both our AFFO and our EBITDA have been outpacing our dividend growth, and we certainly recognize that. And so I would just say, we're going to make sure that our dividend is durable, but we also -- we've also said that we're going to continue to grow our dividend along with our cash flow. So it's a great question. The Board level decision that we made later this year and into next year, that decision will get made. But we certainly have the coverage and the cash flow growth to be able to increase the growth rate in our dividend at this point.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, great question. I think you've laid that out pretty well actually. I would say the other thing that we didn't enjoy this year that we will enjoy next year is the investments that we've been putting into the Wamsutter JV this year. I mentioned, we have -- we're continuing the drilling program, but we are just now starting the completions effort out there. And so the benefit of that those drilling capital we've been spending up there this year will really start to play out in '23 as well. So that's a key issue. As I mentioned, the Eagle Ford, we're seeing some pretty rapid development going on in the rich gas that will see the MVC out there. So that's attractive. In terms of the headwinds, I certainly think pricing is a consideration, but I think it's also important to realize the amount of hedges that we had on this year that kept us from enjoying extremely high gas prices this year. And so I think if you look year-to-year, they're probably not likely going to be that big a spread. I would say we're strip. So that's probably the primary headwind. But from what we're seeing right now, that is going to be dramatically overcome by volumes in the E&P space. And so yes, we could see lower price, but our volumes, I think, will surprise people to the upside next year.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. I would just say we continue to be surprised. I would say that was probably, as we mentioned earlier in the year, probably our biggest surprise has been the resilience of gas demand in the face of higher price. And I think what we learned was that the utilities and the power generators are not really able to flip back to coal for a number of reasons. One, they don't have the long-term contracts, a lot of those expired. And two, obviously, the price of coal has come up right alongside gas. And so we just did not see the flip back to coal-fired generation, we would have expected at this kind of pricing environment. Obviously, I think it's -- what you're seeing is a result of the utilities. And I don't think this is going to end anytime soon, where as renewables come on, the backup for that is going to be natural gas, and it's going to continue to take coal-fired generation out of the space and we're going to continue to see increases. So if you're listening to the rhetoric in the market and in the media, you would think that gas volumes were going to decline dramatically, if you saw the RFPs for new services coming in our door, you would think otherwise. And so I think what we are seeing is continued strong demand from gas-fired generation from the utilities, particularly in the Mid-Atlantic and the Southeast. So we're -- we remain bullish not because of rhetoric, but because of what we're seeing for request for long-term services coming in the door.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. Thank you. Well, we do have some favorable hedges on right now for '23. I think we've got around 15% or so for the year that's on right now. And we'll continue to look at that opportunistically. I would tell you that it's really nice having our Sequent team that is joined at the hip when it comes to making those decisions and having a real vantage point on the market. And what they're seeing as well. So I would just say we will continue to be somewhat opportunistic about that, but we certainly will continue -- just like we did this year, we'll continue to take on hedges as we see fit. But I would say we don't have any particular formula or a requirement for that. It's simply a way of when we see opportunities in the market and we see things flare up in the market, we'll hedge into that. So I would say it's fairly opportunistic, but with no particular requirement for a minimum level of hedges to be put on.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. I mean, I would just say it's very dependent on what the markets do versus how we're seeing the fundamentals looking forward. The good news is we have such a good read on both what's going on in production because we gather in 15 different basins. So we have a very good read about what's going on in production as well as we see a good read from the markets as well that we use that to inform our fundamentals. And if we see the pricing obviously get fair relative to those fundamentals, then we will hedge. So again, I don't -- I wouldn't put a particular percentage on it as much as it is us looking at the fundamentals versus the pricing in the forward market.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, that's a really good point that some of our reluctance to hedge at the beginning of '22 was based on us not wanting to hedge until we actually saw that reduction flowing given the volatility in the markets and certainly didn't want to get caught short in an upswing in the market. So next year, we'll have less of that. In the Haynesville, we'll have less of that volume growth risk, not so much in the Wamsutter.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. That is correct. Obviously, as we mentioned, we've been overachieving on that a bit. We've had that 5% to 7% growth rate out there for quite some time, and that was assuming a $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion capital program back when we first established that level of growth rate.  And I would just say we've got some efficiencies coming into like '25, where we've got some very large growth on a limited amount of capital in the deepwater, that gives us some very high return investments because, in some cases, we're being reimbursed for the capital or the producer is providing the capital upfront on some of those big deepwater projects. So obviously, those returns are kind of outsized there and will provide better growth. But in general, as Micheal said, we're expecting this $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion capital, and we believe that kind of investment will continue to propel the 5% to 7% growth rate.
Alan Armstrong: Okay. Well, thank you all very much for the great questions and appreciate your continued interest in the company. We're very excited about the way the business is running right now, and we're extremely well positioned for growth in '23 as we discussed, and we look forward to talking to you at our 4Q earnings call and laying out in more detail what '23 looks like. So thanks again for joining us this morning. 
Chad Zamarin: Yes. Thanks, Jeremy. This is Chad. Yes, the IRA and the increase in 45Q credit is certainly a benefit that helps that project move forward. The scope of that project is alongside our Louisiana Energy Gateway project as we're gathering large volumes in the Haynesville. We'll be taking the CO2 that today is invented in the basin into the pipeline, and we'll also be gathering CO2 from third parties and moving that CO2 to the Southern end of the Louisiana Energy Gateway gathering project. And at that location, we're going to install treating facilities that will remove the CO2 and transport it to a sequestration site so that it can be permanently stored underground. We see somewhere around the potential for 2 million tons of annual CO2 to be captured and sequestered. And we think that could increase over time as we continue to further develop that project. So we feel really good about it, and we're focused on bringing that online alongside our Lake project, which could be in service as early as Q4 of '24.
Chad Zamarin: Alan, may be worth mentioning that '23, we'll have less to prove up as far as volumes. In '22, we did have the growth in the Haynesville that outperformed our expectations, which was great. But in '23, we've really proven up volumes. And so we've got much less volume risk coming into '23 as a result of the success we've seen in '22.
Chad Zamarin: Yes. I would just say that the Eagle Ford is highly economic right now. Chesapeake has been allocating more of their capital to their gas-focused areas and they have been out in the market talking about the potential to to settle their Eagle Ford position. But we see both on the rich gas side and on the oil side of that system. We have really two different systems there in oil driven system and a rich gas gathering system. And as Alan mentioned, the rich gas gathering system has already been ramping up in activity and is now exceeding the MVCs. And we're seeing, I think, very strong economics behind the oil the oil side of that asset as well. And so we would expect that you'll continue to see increased activity on the oil side as well. So that's a very highly economic asset and really has just been not the #1 priority for kind of the current producer there. 
Micheal Dunn: Gabe, it's Micheal. Yes. I would expect, as we talked about in previous calls, to see some lumpiness in our growth CapEx. As you indicated, we've got regional NG access that we'll be ramping up construction next year, the whale project, although we started construction on that will be ongoing as well in 2023. So -- and obviously, LEG will be ramping up as well. So those are some pretty large capital outlays that will be ramping up next year. But as we've indicated in the past, we're working real hard to keep our growth CapEx in line with previous years.  And so you think about where we're at this year to $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion level, that's what we're targeting on typical years going forward, but you will see some lumpiness when these big projects start construction. So you can anticipate that being a 2023 story with these big projects coming on. But we're still very focused on managing that growth CapEx to a level that's about $1.2 billion on average per year.
Micheal Dunn: Yes. Great question. We do have our uncontested settlement in front of the FERC right now for approval. We would expect to receive that before the end of the year, but those rates into effect next year and a great outcome by the team there achieving an emissions reduction program rider, as you indicated. And I would say is that certainly a good framework or pattern for us to go into the Transco rate case with that same thought process in front of us where we have a lot of compression on both Northwest Pipeline and the Transco system that we can replace that make sense to replace in many of these areas where we're in non-attainment or being challenged by some of the regulators like in the Pacific Northwest to improve the emissions profile our units. And it's just a great opportunity for us to make an investment in our regulated business. And I would say the Northwest pipeline opportunity is certainly not as great as the Transco opportunity for capital deployment there just with the number of units that we have on the Northwest Pipeline system versus Transco. The horsepower on Transco was a significant order of magnitude higher than Northwest, but certainly, a great opportunity there and very well received by our customers on Northwest pipeline for us to go and implement these emissions reductions.
Micheal Dunn: Yes. Sure, this is Micheal. As I indicated, we think it's going to be about $1.2 billion, very similar to what we see this year on average going forward. But as I've talked about on previous calls, we do have some lumpiness anticipated there when these larger projects start to ramp up construction, retail energy access. We'll be ramping up construction next year. The Lake project will also be starting construction next year and then the Whale project in the Gulf of Mexico, will be in some pretty significant construction activities as well next year, although that has started this year. So as always, it will be lumpy, but we're very focused on being efficient in regard to our growth capital. So I would expect you would see a $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion average CapEx on our growth side for the foreseeable future.
Micheal Dunn: Sure. Thanks for the question. This is Micheal again. I would say we're very well positioned there with our gathering systems being connected to about nine different outlet pipelines out of the basin and having Sequent alongside us evaluating those takeaway opportunities has been very helpful. I believe they were well in front of the -- any anticipated constraints out there in front of the market and really went out and acquired some capacity out of the basin that made sure that not only our customers' volumes could blow, but our partnership upstream volumes could flow as well. So we feel very comfortable about our position in getting our gas out of the basin as well as our customers' gas out of there. We helped a lot of our customers make sure that they had opportunities to move their gas out of the basin based on what we were seeing with Sequent. So we feel really good about that. We're certainly working to get the Lake project up and running as fast as possible to help make sure that none of those constraints arise for our customers or our partnership.
Micheal Dunn: Yes, Micheal once again answering this question. We are awaiting the FERC 7(c) certificate. We would expect to have that before the end of the year. The final EIS was issued in July, just as a reminder, that was a very favorable EIS for the project. The other remaining outstanding permits are the air permit. This is a Title V modification for Section 505 in New Jersey. Went through the whole public comment process, and this is a great opportunity for us to once again deploy our emissions reduction program here. We take off some existing compression and replace it with a much better emissions profile. So very favorably received by the state. And certainly, we saw some very positive comments there in the public comment meetings, overwhelming support for that. So we expect that air permit by the end of this year as well. And then finally, the core engineers will issue a 404 permit. This is a water quality permit. We would expect that probably in the first quarter of '23, but it could come as early as the fourth quarter here in '22. We've already had our 401 water certification in the State of Pennsylvania that's been in hand for a number of months now, and no technical issues remaining on the 404 permit just waiting for the process to play out. So those are the 3 outstanding things we're waiting on Regional Energy Access for right now. And just as a reminder, we positioned this project very well to avoid any controversial permits and certainly position that air permit in New Jersey to be favorably received with deployment of new compression there to take off some old vintage reciprocating compression.
