Michael Dunn: Yes. Good morning. We are looking at this asset and the footprint that it encompasses on our exiting right away and talking to our customers about opportunities that they have to either bring renewable natural gas into that pipeline system or utilization of solar facilities that they are contemplating and expect can possibly produce hydrogen and close proximity to the pipeline. And so that’s really the comment that you are seeing there. It’s no exotic metals or anything of that nature in the pipeline system. It will be typical of any existing pipeline system that’s in the country to be able to accommodate a hydrogen blend, but it’s accommodating the ability of our customers that are participating in that project to bring forward in partnership with us potentially hydrogen sources into that pipeline system.
Michael Dunn: Yes. This is Michael. I will take that one again. So basically, the processing capacity is virtually full today. The production that came on the line behind that processing facility was very robust. The pads were developed by our customers there, primarily EQT and Southwestern, and very prolific pad developments they have there, exceeding their expectations. And so we did an offload agreement with our customers there to make sure that we didn’t impact any of their volumes in the first quarter, while we were finishing our TXP3 and our growth. That’s now online, and like I said earlier, virtually full. So, we are seeing full processing there for the most part. And our fractionation facility at Harrison is also approaching the limits of capacity. And I suspect through the summer months, we will be at capacity on those facilities. And so we are contemplating opportunities with our Blue Racer ownership there and where we can create crossover pipeline systems to be able to transport some of those volumes over to them when they potentially have spare capacity. And that system can be utilized bi-directionally in the future to where either one of us potentially have a capacity situation and we can offload to the other. And so that’s a longer term prospect project. But it’s something we feel like we could have online potentially this year, and it’s a very low cost project in comparison to building it either a new fractionation or processing facility.
Michael Dunn: Alan, if I could add to that as well. The upstream properties that we now own were potentially loan once were bankruptcy court approved to Southland transaction in the Wamsutter. The BP acreage in the Wamsutter and the Haynesville acreage now gives us the ability to market that natural gas that’s coming from those properties. And so we are going to by the way to work with our new Sequent ownership, ultimately, when that closes, to find a way to take those supplies, brand them as low carbon or net zero and then market those to utilities and LNG facilities that Alan mentioned.
Michael Dunn: Yes. I think it’s important to emphasize Alan that we didn’t have a meaningful contract projection through all of the bankruptcies that occurred last year. We have been very deliberate in investing in infrastructure that is absolutely critical to the upstream asset and so both in Haynesville and Wamsutter. At the end of the day, the bankruptcy process really wasn’t all that relevant. What was relevant was that our infrastructure is absolutely critical. And without it, the upstream asset can’t deliver value. You can’t deliver volume. And so we have a very strong position across our footprint. I think we proved it last year, not a single bankruptcy proceeding led to a rejection of one of our contracts because we’ve invested in critical infrastructure that just, by its nature, protects against that risk. And then on the long-term investment, I think Alan may want to add is, we are again very focused on structuring these transactions in a way that brings development back to high-quality acreage, upstream of areas where we have existing available midstream capacity. And so we’re going to see in these structures a near-term investment in these properties that will deliver the ownership from a long-term perspective, primarily to our JV partner. We may have a small ownership interest that we retain from a long-term perspective, but we will likely only hold the ownership interest as long as it takes to make sure that development gets back into the properties and drive the volume to our midstream assets. So that’s – we are laser-focused on that as our strategy, not to just own upstream properties forever. It’s to own them in a way that drives the development that we think will drive value to our midstream assets.
Michael Dunn: Yes. I think you got it, really simply it was a pipeline and storage optimization platform owned by a utility. We are a pipeline and storage company. And we’ll now own a pipeline and storage optimization platform. This is not speculative marketing and trading. This is taking – understanding pipeline and storage fundamentals and optimizing infrastructure. And when you think about the areas that we’ve just left an era of expansion in construction, and we move into an era of realizing the value of existing infrastructure, a platform focused on optimization of the existing infrastructure is going to be really valuable. And so we see it as an accelerator of capabilities across our core business. And we’re going to be exploring a lot of different ways, I think, to create opportunity with the addition of Sequent team.
Michael Dunn: Hi, Gabe, it’s Michael. Yes. We had a – an expiration of that certificate that was upcoming. And so through just the normal course, requested an extension on that. We still have a proceeding agreement, basically a contract with our customer there. They have not canceled the project as yet. And obviously, they are still struggling, getting their other projects off the ground from a permitting standpoint that we’re going to supplement in the near-term, their ability to serve their customers, increased usage of natural gas. So we thought it was prudent to go ahead that extension. And other than that, we’re not working with projects with the exception of having conversations with our customers at this time. We still think there is a great need for natural gas in that market. There is still a great opportunity to take fuel oil out of that market and improve the emissions profile in the Northeast. And we’re still ready to serve that market when the customer and or the regulatory jurisdictions see fit to allow us to do that.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. Christine, great question and very thoughtful. I would just say, first of all, we – as I mentioned earlier, we have been, for the last couple of years, really and thinking, boy, this is a big business. We touched a lot of gas, have a lot of customers that could use services like gas marketing, but we have been very limited in our approach to that. And so the Sequent opportunity basically gave us an opportunity to buy a platform and a set of contracts and asset management contracts and a great team that really knows this business and has controlled risk extremely well. And so really allowed us to fulfill a strategic gap. However – so I would just say that was out there as the need before the thought of low-carbon fuels and the volatility and the value of volatility that just got exposed in this last quarter even came along. But I will tell you that we entered this with even greater confidence in both the need and the value associated with because we do believe that the benefit of capacity management and risk management as it relate – for utilities as it relates to what happened during a Winter Storm Uri certainly has – make sure the space is wide weight relative to the risk around this issue. And we think this – the team at Sequent has done a great job of managing that risk, by the way, through this. And so we think there is value in managing in a new value associated with managing that kind of risk. But we also just think just generally, we have a lot of customers that could really use the service. And as you say, it’s really kind of faded away as the capability in a lot of companies, but we think it’s really going to be an important tool for us and being able to bring together low carbon supplies all the way from the wellhead and being able to document that and put that value chain together all the way to the water and to our utilities is clearly on the list right now as the new opportunity for us to market to. And we certainly have the assets, but we really don’t have all of those contacts with people. We talk to customers about long-term capacity on a regular basis. We are not out readily talking to them about how we manage the volatility in their business. And so this really gives us a great opportunity to do that and look forward. So thanks for the question, and I would just say e are – it’s become more and more evident to us that this is something we needed to add to our capabilities at some of the changes that you pointed out has occurred.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. Jeremy, thank you for the question. Yes, we are in the process of working through – and I would say we are well into negotiations with two different parties, one in the Wamsutter, one in the Haynesville. And they are both local producers with adjacent acreage and very skilled operators in the area. And so we are moving along on that. And probably the form of those transactions will be a situation where we retain an interest, and part of that is for credit protection, as you can imagine, make sure that we haven’t handed the keys over to that until the cash has been invested to increase the drilling acreage. So you should think about that as over time, those cash flows being reinvested in the drilling and building up of the business and then a dilution of our interest over time as that converts from upstream cash flows into midstream – long life midstream cash flows. So, that’s exactly what we are looking to accomplish. And I will tell you our team and Chad Zamarin, who has been leading that for us, has just done a fantastic job of really coming up with win-win solutions with parties. And we are really excited about the way that’s going to turn out for much – I would tell you, much bigger value to us than even at very modest conditions, much bigger value coming to us than we had ever kind of expected when we were preparing in the bankruptcy processes for that. So Chad, I don’t know if you have anything to add on that.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. Great question, and especially with some of the outcomes from the Delaware bankruptcy courts as it relates to gathering and whether those contracts on land or not. So, we certainly are doing everything we can to improve our position on those. As we’ve said many times before, and it kind of proved out in these cases, it’s not just the law or – I mean, certainly, your contracts need to be good and supportive. But importantly, it is the physical nature of the asset, and being all the way back to the wellhead, it gives you a lot of economic protection in that situation. Having said all that, the one thing that we are really depending on in these transactions is the fact that the other party is going to invest the dollars to develop the acreage, and we’re cutting the bargain on that basis. And so to get right to the point, we’re going to retain those interests until that – until those capital dollars have been invested to prove to ourselves that, that money is going to be spent. If it doesn’t get spent, we still own the acreage. And whether money they spent in developing we retain and increase interest in a more developed property. So I would say, we certainly don’t expect that. We know the partners that we’re talking to here pretty well, and they both have a very strong financial position. So in this case, we feel really good about the situation. But I would say that we’ve got belt and suspenders on in terms of the form of the structure that we’re seeing. That is if effectively bankruptcy proved given our continued holdings until the dollars have been invested to develop the acreage.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. No. I would just say, and I’ll let Chad – I would say this is kind of a team that’s really skilled at blocking, tackling and risk control. And the positions they’re taking are nothing exotic. It is simply looking to manage basis differential, manage contracts, reimburse contracts through asset management agreements with utilities. So this is a very low-risk approach, but it does involve a lot of customer contact and a lot of opportunity to serve customers in space. But it’s basically basis and time value on storage versus physical inventory. So it’s nothing exotic and market-leading or market-making kind of activities.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. And I would just say, in addition to that, we look at a lot of different opportunities in this space. And the reason we got so comfortable with this transaction is Southern companies have done a fantastic job of really keeping the screws turn down from a risk control standpoint and really building a culture around that. And so this is a very well controlled business, and we’ve been very impressed with the time and effort that Southern companies has invested in making this a heavily controlled business. But at the end of the day, Southern companies doesn’t have all the big long-term external customers on both the upstream and the downstream the way we do. And so this is a great fit for us. I totally understand where they’re coming from in terms of their sale. But for us, this is really an important capability for a company that handles 30% of the nation’s natural gas, really complementary. And I think we’ve got a lot to offer to that team as well in terms of new opportunities to work around our customers and assets as well off of those services. So it really – this is really, I think, attractive transaction between two companies that know each other well and done a lot of business together, and we’re really excited about bringing this team.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. Thank you very much. I would just say, we are – we remain – look – and we’ll look at all those options as we enter into next year. Obviously, once we’ve committed to capital projects, then that option has been eliminated when you start down that road, obviously. But we certainly up until the time that we take a look at those investment opportunities against the whatever price of our stock is and where we think the best value is. But the good news is we’re sitting here in ‘22 with a modest amount of free cash flow that gives us flexibility, but as we get into ‘22, the – take rocket science to run math and realize that, that starts to build on us. And so we will have quite a bit of opportunity there. And I wouldn’t say that we’re committed to making those emission reduction projects happen yet until we get down to seeing what stock price is, what returns look like, but that is certainly one of the options. And I think on the further debt reduction, obviously, if we become convinced that further – debt reduction would add value to our shareholders, then that’s a lever we could continue to pull on as well. And so I would just say, it’s hard to predict what the markets will look like 9 months from now, but we certainly are, to the point now as we continue to engage with the Board on this discussion, this is becoming a more prevalent topic, if you will, at Board meetings in terms of what’s the best use of the extra free cash flow as we get into ‘22 and beyond.
Alan Armstrong: Well, I would say things are looking pretty favorable right now. I mean look the gas prices, NGL prices here through the summer months and starting to look out into the four markets. Certainly, the market is starting to put a call on gas in these areas, whether it’s the Northeast PA, the Southwest PA, the Utica or the Haynesville, they’re all well positioned to make pretty good margin in this kind of pricing environment that you’re seeing now almost $3 summer gas price. So yes, if that continues, that will drive activity on those assets and will drive growth. So I like our setup for the balance of the year. Obviously, as John said, we’re being reserved in how we’re putting that into guidance, but that looks good. And I would say, obviously, if you think about really what drives some of those decisions, a lot of times, it is the forward market for a lot of our customers that drives those decisions. And so they will start to look at what the forward strip looks like and start to lay in hedges. And that’s going to drive the activity, frankly, in terms of how much – how many drilling commitments they make in an area. So I would just say, keep your eyes focused on kind of the forward markets for both gas and NGLs, and that’ll be a pretty good indicator of what kind of activity we should expect across those areas.
Alan Armstrong: Becca, I think it will probably just come out in, for instance, if we commit to emission reduction projects that drive our capital budget for ‘22 higher, then that’s kind of where we would announce that. And if we haven’t done that, then it would – then the two options to that would be further debt reduction just naturally or for buybacks of shares as another alternative. So I think as we start to formulate our 2022 CapEx budget and our strategy sessions with the Board, which then rotate into budget meetings towards the end of the year, that’s really when we’ll be making the decisions on whether that money will go to investments in new CapEx or left those other two alternatives. And I would think that by the first of the year, then we would be in a position to say what we would expect to do if it wasn’t going towards further capital investment.
Chad Zamarin: Just on timing, I would expect that we finalized those transactions over the next 30 days to 60 days. We are pretty far along with – in both scenarios. And I think just to put an emphasis on what Alan said, I mean, those will be structures that bring in a strong, well capitalized operator, and the ownership structure that they will be acquiring will be structured in a way that will require development of the asset and drive volumes to our midstream and downstream efforts. And as Michael said, we will, as part of both of those transactions, have a marketing capability and the ability to aggregate supply for the benefit of our gathering systems, our downstream pipeline systems, and now with Sequent, our marketing and optimization takeaway. So we think a really great outcome for us and our partners, but I would expect to see something in both the Wamsutter and Haynesville over the next 30 days to 60 days.
Chad Zamarin: Yes. I would tell you that we are looking at every opportunity to leverage our capabilities and infrastructure, and carbon capture is one of those. We do have assets in both pipelines and storage facilities in areas where there may be the opportunity to aggregate significant carbon emissions and provide capture and storage. It’s early days. Much like with hydrogen, I would say we are trying to set the table for us to be able to participate in those opportunities as they mature. I wouldn’t expect to see something material with on hydrogen in Wyoming. I wouldn’t expect to see something material from an investment perspective in the near-term. But I would tell you that if it’s a viable opportunity, which we think is very well may be, we are looking at some actual projects today, but they are long-term in nature. And we require, I would say, a year plus of just evaluation before we even think about what an investment might look like. But we have multiple different opportunities that we are looking at across the carbon storage – capture and storage opportunity set.
Chad Zamarin: And Shneur, we – and Alan said this earlier, we have intentionally been focused on expanding our capabilities on that for the last couple of years. And our team has done a great job. They’ve been growing their capabilities. So we grew from a very, very small level to still a very small level, but it’s still been a lot of work on the team. This gets us much quicker to a larger scale capability on the back of more sophisticated systems. They have a more – we have a quality risk control process internally within Williams. They have a very high-quality risk control system. And so we picked up the benefits of a very well thought out structure from risk control, accounting systems, trade, marketing systems. We just – it helps move us forward that much quicker and something that we would have probably spent the next 4 or 5 years trying to build, we get there more quickly.
Chad Zamarin: Yes. Yes. This is Chad. We’ve got pretty in line of sight to what we showed in our ESG Investor Day and potentially even more than that. Of the 13 projects that had what we consider advance beyond day 1, over half of those are now filed with utility regulators in order for us to advance those projects, which means we’ve locked in scope. We’ve locked in land. We have a commercial construct that we are comfortable with and those will go beyond what we call Gate 2 in the near-term, which is effectively in FID stage. So of the 16 now projects that we have, it’s over $250 million of investment opportunities. We would expect and we have a goal for at least half of those projects to achieve what we’re considering FID this year. That – I’m pretty confident that all those projects will get where we need to be. But the primary initial gating item is making sure we’ve got sufficient land, and that’s really what drives the ultimate size and scope of the project. And so that’s what we’re spending the most time on, on the front end here. But I’d say we still have pretty strong line of sight to the kind of scale that we identified during our Investor Day.
