James Scheel: Sure, Christine good to talk to you again. That’s correct, that’s the stabilizer fee revenue and the stabilizer came on, it was 50% of the stabilizer I should say came on you can see we have the first phase of 6,000 barrels a day come on in April of this year.
James Scheel: We are using about half of that today and that’s growing as additional wells come online. We have got about 73 wells coming online for the balance of the year.
James Scheel: I am not 100% sure on that Christine I had to get back with you but I think that’s pretty close, it is probably in the 8% to 12% but I don’t know exactly that number.
James Scheel: No, we haven’t had any of those issues right now although that continues to be concern a Christine. The de-ethanizer had no impact in the second quarter, actually even if it had been online we wouldn’t have had the opportunity to move ethane because of some other downstream issues, we are right now working to commission that asset and it should be up during the third quarter.
James Scheel: Yeah I’ll answer that in a couple of phases. I think we are very excited about the progress we are making in the Susquehanna supply hub or ABA area. We are right on target and actually probably a little bit ahead of where we wanted to be. We have a lot of projects coming online during the third and fourth quarters of this year, they will be on time-on budget. We’re growing those volumes by about 34% versus prior year as we come out of the year and quarter-over-quarter this year we’re up 8%. So obviously we’ve always wanted to do better up there and smash more gas in to the system but we’re right on target with where we want to be. OBM has been a bit of a different story, it’s very consistent with the last analyst day in the last earnings call. You can actually see on page 20 of the book that we’ve lowered our average volumes for the year, that’s primarily due to a number of producers having some challenges at the front end of the year and so we are seeing the way on wells coming online. But we will actually end the year higher, we adjusted the number for the year end at 420 and again as I’d mentioned a bit earlier, we have a number of wells, we have lots of visibility on getting ready to come online. We have 73 wet Marcellus and in addition to that some dry Utica wells that’s not included in that overall number that could actually add to some of the volume but obviously that will be at a bit of a lower rate. Our biggest issues right now as we look into the third quarter are commissioning the assets that will drive some incremental fee revenue, you’ll see our fee revenues increasing and then just seeing when the producers tie those lines in. L&M is on target with where we expect for the most part and will end the year about 25% higher than last year as well. So, although there are challenges in the northeast that we’ve been seeing around OVM on the producer side; the good news is unlike past discussions the assets seem to have the reliability in order to move the gas and we’ll be able to meet our customers’ needs as we go through the third and fourth quarter with the incremental processing options for them.
James Scheel: This is Jim Scheel I’ll comment on that again I listen to the earnings call too and I want to just reiterate, our performance quarter-over-quarter were 8% more than we were previous quarter and first quarter’s 4% more than the year end. So we’ve been continuing to grow volumes obviously, we have to do a fantastic job in coordinating volumes into this system. I think Cabot is probably relating more to the opportunities missed just by some coordination on scheduling gas because actually we were moving more than we have and again as the additional horsepower comes online during the third and fourth quarter this year, we’re going to see a rather rapid ramp up so that we finish the year about 34% more. So again I appreciate the concerns of the shippers but we continue to put some more gas through that system and are only accelerating that as we end the year.
Donald Chappel: Christine its Don. Since the merger is currently being negotiated or about to be negotiated between the two partnerships I don’t want to go too far on this. But certainly the way we styled it Williams would take reduced cash flow in the early period and enjoy higher cash flows, higher growth beyond so, likely mildly dilutive initially and then turning around pretty quickly.
Donald Chappel: Let’s say that now that the plant is substantially complete from a construction standpoint and we’re moving very quickly and toward the start-up most the facts are now very well-known and obviously we’ll continue to update our claim as we move through start-up. We’ve retained some expert consultants, if you will that are doing studies to support our claim. We plan to present those studies and conclusions to the insurers in the fall and we would be hopeful that, that would then start the next round of settlement discussions.
Donald Chappel: Yeah. I am glad to take that. Thanks very much. Not much has changed since Analyst Day, so just to reiterate where we are there we’ve got a very warm reception when we put our RFP out to the marketplace and our interest was oversubscribed quite significantly. What we are doing with this particular investment is we’re essentially trading off that commodity margin to the buyer of gasoline to our joint venture partner in exchange for a fee for service opportunity for WPZ in total concert with our strategy. And certainly the markets appetite given recent and current ethylene prices is quite warm to a provider that’s willing to provide on a fee per service basis. So we’re seeing very, very warm reception both on the JV side and on the ethylene purchase side or fee-for-service type arrangements.
Donald Chappel: Yeah, we’re going to work those negotiations through this year and into the early part of the next year I am sure. But I think the bigger emphasis here is very much aligned with Alan’s comments earlier about the PDH unit at the strategic level. So until we’re absolutely that we’ve got the right commercial deals lined up here and until we’re absolutely certain we know how we’re going to execute and derisk the capital project on an investment of this magnitude, we’re going to hesitate to rush our way into a sanction if I could call it that. So we will sanction only when we’re absolutely ready for both commercial and the project side.
Donald Chappel: Craig good question. Certainly the claim – our claim continues to get somewhat larger because we believe we’ve worked prudently to bring the plant back into service. Obviously insurers who have the money in their pockets argue against that but we think we have a very solid claim, we think that our outside experts will help us present our claim in a way that is compelling and we’re optimistic that we will receive a very substantial additional payments perhaps as early as late third and fourth quarter.
Donald Chappel: Yes the plant being up and running in the fourth quarter but with the target of October date it could take a bit longer than that is I guess my comment.
Donald Chappel: Chris great question. We have not done that yet but we certainly expect to, so you can look for that next quarter.
Donald Chappel: I don’t have that number off hand and I don’t know if John has it but we can get it to you or we could post it on our website.
Donald Chappel: I’ll just comment here again we’re going through a transition here with ACMP and that our acquisition of the additional interest will know cause us to consolidated ACMP beginning in the third quarter which will create some differences in reporting. Obviously we’ve done reporting on equity basis will be fully consolidated, we will be looking to gain significant gain in the third quarter to revalue our initial investment in ACMP, we will be looking some substantial and tangible assets and we will have some additional depreciation, amortization related to those assets as well. So just kind of a heads up and look forward to quite a bit different presentation you still get to the same bottom-line here in terms of cash flow but from a balance sheet than earning standpoint there will be some changes in the basis of presentation.
Alan Armstrong: Yeah, you know I think a couple of thoughts on that. One, we may actually see a lot of opportunities that come to us that require less capital so, higher earnings and better return but less capital as we look at opportunities between the two. So I would just say the opportunities may not be measured in capital and will be measured in earnings growth. But I will just tell you that the number of opportunities that just keep coming at us along the Transco system and on the northwest pipeline system as the market continues on the demand side to try to figure out how to take advantage of all this low cost gas and continued confidence in low cost gas is pretty impressive that given what a deficit we had in storage this year and we are sitting in sub 4 gas price really tells you the confidence that the demand side has and the supply capabilities, the long-term supply capabilities of the gas basins. But what that’s developing is a lot major downstream project And so I would tell you, I think a lot of our growth is actually going to come from that and our ability to connect the supplies into those opportunities and of course all of that new gas supply leads in to both natural gas liquids and olefins as well as we produce that gas we got to something with the liquids and find market to those liquid. So, I would tell you rather than the ACMP combination driving a lot of capital increases, I would say it’s slightly going to drive in the northeast, it will drive some higher earnings but perhaps I don’t know that it will reduce our capital but I would say a lot of it would be just higher earnings in here.
Alan Armstrong: That’s an excellent question and I’ll tell you I am very excited what we are seeing there in the engagement I’m going to ask Jim Scheel to provide a little more color on that, thank you for asking the question.
Alan Armstrong: Nothing new I would just tell you, the complex companies are working hard and have got, are very well advised and I think everybody understands the importance of moving ahead with it and with some diligence and that’s exactly what’s going on right now.
Alan Armstrong: Abhi again yes, we would expect some of that excess coverage to come off because one of the big considerations that Williams is making here is moving the distributions we received really took the ACMP schedule in terms of those ISR. So Williams is making I’d call a concession there to enable the merger and we think that that’s going to drive significant value long-term but certainly with some near term reduction in cash flows. However by ‘17 that really turns around we would expect to have a nice increase in accretion if you will, cash flow accretion on a per share basis. I hope that answers your question.
Alan Armstrong: We expect that WPZ’s financing plan is largely intact. I think at midpoint here, we moved the cash flow about $150 million and as well we do have, and anticipate the litigation settlement that we would expect would largely offset that in terms of cash so we think not a lot of change there. Going back to the cash flow, your first question, I would point out that our 2017 to 2019 cash tax guidance is an assumed rate of 14% and we would expect that to come down somewhat as we continue to add to our capital spending, as you can see our capital spending is about $4 billion this year and it declines to 2 billion unchanged by 2016, it’s because what we have in guidance is really sanctioned projects and we have a lot of projects, organic projects that we’re working on, those are added to guidance and those projects are placed in service that will continue to press that cash tax rate down somewhat, so just consider that as building your models. Right now, our run rate seems to be about in the $4 billion range and if you take that 25 billion and divide it by the six years you get about $4 billion a year and that’s pre-ACMP and they have been spending about $1 billion a year. So you can think about that as you think about our cash tax rate and while the rate looks to be fairly low remember that, that’s based on cash distributions received and if you look at it on a percent of pre-tax income which is more conventional, you’ll see the rates quite a bit higher.
Alan Armstrong: Yeah great question and particularly the PDH project is what I assume you’re referring to primarily and the other being the Syncrude and I would just tell you that, given the kind of increases that we are seeing in the Petchem space on engineering and construction side and the kind of demand we’re seeing on labor and we expect to continue to press forward we are working very hard to not get ourselves in a difficult situation relative to schedule and to make sure that we are pushing away from that risk as much as possible in terms of overruns because we do, as we look forward we see a lot of pressure on the skilled labor that it’s going to take the build out this infrastructure and so I would just tell you that we are making sure as we move forward in that we don’t get ourselves in a position where we’re relying upon thinner and thinner resources and lower and lower productivity and so that’s the primary cause.
Alan Armstrong: Yeah sure. We continue to see the petrochem business as not, for William not being in the petrochem business for the sake of being in the petchem business frankly but really as a pull through and the market outlook for these NGL supplies and so certainly I would say it’s a little bit different between Canada and the Geismar facility because in Canada really we pursued that many years ago because mostly that’s a processing business we’re not actually reforming any molecules there that’s being done that the upgrades were simply above extracting that through typical cryogenic processing and then fractionating it just like we do in other sectors of our business. So in Canada I would tell you the competencies if you will are not very different and we have certainly got very strong competitive advantage there. But in both cases, Geismar and as we would move in the PDH, we continue to look at that as an outlook for products in a way for us to continue to provide market access for our customers that otherwise isn’t showing up. So I would tell you that’s how we think about it, and we certainly think about it in terms of being more fee based business. I think it is a very good question that you raised and certainly given the great number of opportunities that we have in front of us that’s always an issue of capital allocation for us. And as part of the reason that as I just answered before, part of the reasons that we’re making sure we don’t get ourselves into a difficult spot there in that piece of business because we do see a lot of pressure in getting that business built out particularly on the PDH facility. So in the end I would just tell you we continue to look at it as a place for us to expand market for us and for our customers I think it’s very nice complement to the ethane link that we’ve had for years and it’s a good place to provide market for our customers. And that’s kind of the extent of it in terms of how we look at it, we don’t look it at as being in the petchem business to be a petchem player.Theodore Durbin – Goldman Sachs Group Inc: Understood that’s very helpful. If I can just shift back to the Northeast, I am just wondering if you’re seeing any reaction by the producers to some of the gas price volatility and sort of that the price decline that you have seen recently. And especially some of the regional basis issues that clearly people are still have in there. It sounds like the issues have been more sort of physical and tie-in challenges and what not, but is there any sort of bigger reaction from producers from the gas we are seeing in the Northeast.
Alan Armstrong: Not much to add there. I think we are very pleased with the way the FERC has continued to press forward on that and we are working hard to work with the New York DEC and communicate to them the importance of this infrastructure and the need to deal with the some of the water quality excuse me water crossing permits that the New York DEC has in their hands. So really kind a remains focused on that issue and I would say we’ve made progress but we haven’t solved that problem.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, Carl good question. I would say we certainly are coming out of this much stronger than we went into it both from an operational focus and reliability and we have worked hard to really improve the older plant as well as making sure that those learnings were built into the new plant as well. I would tell you that probably the fact that we’ve got a team that’s been a right in the middle of a major construction project like this that’s also looking at Geismar 2. And so it’s not some distant memory of the lessons learned it’s kind of real and available, puts us in a very knowledgeable position to push forward with Geismar 2 if that’s what we choose to do. So I would say I am very thankful that we’ve got a team that is, and this has been a really tough project if you think about it, if you’re managing this major expansion project in the first place in and around a plant and then have the major explosion that isolates us from being able to complete the plant right in the middle of a project, that’s a project managers worse nightmare. And yet they have hung with it. So I would just say we’ve got a team that’s very schooled on what it takes to be successful as we look forward into Geismar 2 and certainly we all have a lot of confidence in pushing forward as we look to Geismar 2 opportunity.Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Great, appreciate the comments. Thanks guys.
Alan Armstrong: Well I guess if you are just asking generally about the competitive environment that we see out there I think we continue to see not see much impact from competition frankly we just have so many opportunities coming at us that, that’s probably why I want to say it’s the least of our worries, it’s certainly low on the list. And really if you think about some of the larger risk to the business it’s more around the macro environment and one thing we do compete for frankly we’ve become very aware obviously we comment for rigs from one basin to the next. And so I think having ACMP alongside gives us a little bit better diversification to that in terms of being exposed on big gas basins. But I would say that really the issue that keeps us focused on getting great market access for our customers and keeps us aligned with them frankly is that we desperately want to see good market access for the basins we’ve invested in and that’s obviously a service we would like to provide as well and providing better market access and better long-term markets for their products and so that’s how we’re continuing to go about that. But I would say on the competitive front that we’ve just got our hands so full with the opportunities that are coming to us and we’re uniquely positioned to win that we’re not having to stretch very far beyond that.
Alan Armstrong: Great, thank you. Thank you for all the great questions. As you can see, we are very excited about the future we have got in front of us and this team as you know I think just continues to generate momentum towards this vision that we have of really being de-premier player in this natural gas super cycle and very excited about the opportunities that keep coming at us and we keep executing on to accomplish that and we look forward to reporting to you in the third quarter with great continued progress and certainly at the balance of the year. Thanks for joining us today.
John Dearborn: And thanks for the question, very insightful question the way you ask it. And to take on the first part of your question as to whether it had something to do with the permits. I would say no not at all it rather to put it into some context for you, the overall – and in the overall plant there were more than 750 pressure safety valves throughout that plant and on a regular basis you go through and you study all the pressure scenarios on these various pieces the equipment and how these valves are expected to control over pressure circumstances and prior to the incident and then of course as a result of the incident we were doing over pressure studies and they were being done in a very prioritized way and a very careful way as well. We have to be very deliberate, very disciplined in how we go about doing this work. And the work, it progressed extremely well, some of the valves just to give you an idea, some of the valves get studied and we said okay the valve is fine and you put the documentation to the file about how the valve has been restudied and no further work was needed. In the prioritization we left several studied valves towards the end of the study and it until early in July as the study was finishing up the team came to learn of a particular scenario that truly required mitigation. So as we came to learn of that, the team considered several strategies that could have potentially worked in the circumstance and determine that the best solution we could have applied was to install several new PSVs and just so you understand the number of several is really about 12 PSVs are being installed and to replace several sections of piping. Now it happens that the full impact of this essentially new work on our schedule is not known until earlier this week and frankly it’s what resulted in this disappointing disclosure today but I just want to reiterate once again that we’re taking this extra precaution here to enhance the safety of our workers and the public and I hope that provides some adequate colors everyone on the phone about this entire issue that we’re grappling with as we move forward toward the safe and sustainable restart the plant.
John Dearborn: Sure glad to bring some color to that. So let’s reflect again about what happened at the time of the incident, this plant went down in a very unusual and a hard way right. We had to take some unusual precautions and go through certain procedures in order to clean it out. And so certainly there could be some potential risks related to some of the equipment as a result of way it had gone down. Secondarily I would say there’s always a concern that exists around restart of a plant especially when it’s been extended. Now as to whether the systems as designed and as reinstalled work, take for instance rotating equipments, sometimes you have to go in and look at the rotating equipment a second time. Now that’s historically happened to us, from time to time it doesn’t, we don’t know anything today that says we should have an unusual worries on the startup, so I have nothing that I know of at the moment but with an abundance of caution we thought it was appropriate to guide that, that the start-up is not risk free once we are through this next round of installation of pressure safety release valves and that’s the entirety of the story behind the contingency range that we put around that start-up.
John Dearborn: Brian that in fact is the case again our car financing plans is pretty well unchanged obviously the drop down of the Williams owned assets is another factor and we’re looking to do that ideally post merger in the late ‘14 early ‘15.
