Donald R. Chappel: Christine, this is Don Chappel. In terms of the exact funding plan, we've not disclosed that but we do have a lot of flexibility around that. It will be a combination of debt and equity. Certainly, Williams is well positioned to support WPZ in many ways. But we have no additional IDR waivers contemplated at this time. The IDR waivers that are currently have been granted are very modest and I think you mentioned those numbers and they just go out for 2 years.
Donald R. Chappel: We have a number of investment opportunities in the NGL pipeline, Petchem pipeline space, where Alan has laid out our strategy earlier about building that business and Alan can speak to that again. So that's an opportunity. And the balance, we have some flexibility. And so we'll look at the facts and circumstances to determine what the best use of that excess cash is.
Donald R. Chappel: Sure. Our investment -- again, there is an allocation for tax purposes. The inside basis at ACMP did not change. Our investment was allocated between hard assets and intangibles. In terms of the hard assets, they enjoy accelerated depreciation. And the intangibles enjoy straight line depreciation. But it's really the depreciation of that investment that's creating a very large tax deduction for us, which, over the next few years, will significantly lower our tax rate. In addition, the January '13 fiscal cliff legislation included an extension of bonus depreciation. And given the large amount of capital that we continue to invest, that's pretty significant as well.
Donald R. Chappel: This is Don Chappel, just related to that, I'd just refer you to Slide #8 in our deck that illustrates the declining ethane margin with lower frac spreads but the widening crack margin at Geismar. And I'd note there that at our assumed about $0.06 of margin there, that equates to about -- I think, it's $27 million of remaining ethane margins. So we have very little ethane exposure left. And in fact, as ethane prices go lower, that $27 million does not include the benefit of Geismar's margins expanding. So if you look at the sensitivities in our data book, you can get some sense of the combined effect. But again, there is only $27 million of total ethane margin assumed in 2013. In our data book, we have the same slide for 2014, and you'll see with the Geismar expansion, while the ethane margin is assumed to be a bit wider, the Geismar expansion completely mitigates that. And I think I've mentioned to some investors before, if ethane prices go to the point that we are in full rejection and go even lower, then, we've taken all the pain on the ethane margin and then, Geismar starts to see even greater gains as its costs go down.
Donald R. Chappel: Our proportionate share of their equity earnings and then, again, our purchase price was allocated, in part, to intangibles. Some of the intangibles are contracts and we have depreciation or amortization of that. That totaled about $65 million in both '13 and '14. So [indiscernible] earnings are reduced by that amortization expense and you can see from a cash flow standpoint if you add that back, you get to a segment profit plus DD&A or an EBITDA number. Our pro rata share, it's $65 million higher than the earnings. So I think we are on, in terms of our share from more of a cash flow perspective, segment profit plus DD&A, so that's not actually the distribution, but is $103 million in '13, $160 million in '14.
Donald R. Chappel: Just to be clear, the phenomenon that Alan mentioned in the fourth quarter is unique to our regulated gas pipeline business where, in that business, you expense it until you have a probable asset. And then, once it becomes probable, you can actually capitalize previously expensed projects. In the nonregulated business, you expense it and then, when you have a probable project, you expense going forward. But you can't go back and, call it, reclaim what you previously expensed.
Donald R. Chappel: Ted, this is Don. Yes, I think we would prefer to reinvest it. We think that it's certainly, in terms of a dividend -- to increase the dividend on the back of accelerated depreciation with knowledge that the rate's going to go up in a couple of years, is really not that sustainable. Obviously, we expect to have much higher cash flows in a couple of years but nonetheless, just with the opportunity set that we see in front of us, I think we've talked a lot about -- Alan just put a voice to the opportunities we see around the NGL side of the business. We think that, that capital is -- could be strategically invested at very attractive rates of return. And we think that will really provide greater value for investors long-term.
Donald R. Chappel: I would comment that we would like to see the coverage at or above 1 over an extended period of time. I'll remind you over 2010, 2011, we were operating at kind of 1.3x, 1.4x coverage. So if you take the 2 very strong years and then, if you take '12 and our current guidance on '13, you still end way above 1. So again, I think there will be ups and downs in coverage. As you'll recall, when we had coverage up in the 1.3x, 1.4x range, a lot of investors and analysts were suggesting that we should raise the distribution and we said it's high because margins are high and we want to be in a position that when margins roll back -- and they will, because they always do and then they'll go back up -- that we're not under too much stress or strain. So we really look at it on a longer-term basis. So I think longer-term, we'd like to be 1 or better. And if we are better than 1, we're pretty happy about that.
Donald R. Chappel: And certainly, our business mix will be a factor of that. As you know, we are moving more and more to a fee-based portfolio and as well, access is entirely fee-based, and as the cash distributions back to Williams grow off Access, that will further shift us toward fee. And then it's a question of what kind of margins we enjoy. If we're in a low-margin cycle, the coverage will be tighter and if we're in a high-margin cycle, it'll be more robust. But I think the business mix and you have to think about Access as a contributor to that as well.
Donald R. Chappel: I'd say both are significant. I couldn't give you the number -- the exact number off hand, but if you're interested in trying to learn more about that I encourage you to call John and Sharna and they can try to help you estimate the number. But they're both pretty significant.
Donald R. Chappel: Becca, this is Don. I'd say, it's a fairly hypothetical question right now. I mean, I appreciate the question but I would say, it would depend on the facts and circumstances that develop. I would say if, again, the plan that we laid out, we execute on the plan, we don't believe there is a need for support. And we'll see how things play out. And if the situation were to be more difficult, that'd be something we'd have to consider. But I think it's hard to be formulaic about it. Again, we look at -- and in terms of coverage, we looked at '10, '11, '12, '13, '14, so if you really look at kind of the 5-year average -- again, the 5 years is well above 1. Yes, we expect 2013 to be below 1 but again, we are also investing a tremendous amount of capital in fee-based growth projects that we expect to come into service in '14 and '15 and really boost the fee based cash flows and boost the coverage at the same time that we're raising distributions. And 2013 is burdened by the carrying costs of those projects, both in terms of equity and debt that have been issued to fund that growth. So it's not just about the commodity price but it's about the tremendous growth that's occurring in the carrying cost of that. So again, we think this is still just a near-term challenge. And again, with the business plan that we've laid out and assuming effective execution, we think we'll be through this in relatively short order.
Donald R. Chappel: That's a good question. We haven't disclosed the number of units, but it would be -- obviously, the current units outstanding in some plan for -- or some assumption on new units and we're not prepared to provide guidance on that at this point.
Donald R. Chappel: Hold on just 1 second. Yes, Mid-Atlantic Connector actually went in service last week. So it was originally scheduled to be in service in November, but we had a 2-month delay.
Alan S. Armstrong: I'll address that now and I'll ask, maybe Rory, to hit a little harder on that. We really didn't push it back as much as -- that's not really the cause of the drop in volumes there. But we are giving ourselves some room for the tie-ins and some expanded tie-in work on there. So I would just say, we're being fairly conservative and knowing that when you go to start up a facility like that, often, there is bobbles and interruptions as you try to do that, and we're planning for that rather than explaining that later. So that's really the purpose for that, but really, the startup is still scheduled right into the October time frame.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yes, let me take a look at that on fourth quarter. I know in the first quarter of '13, we've got rejection planned for the entire period. But if you can hang on just a second here. The fourth quarter, yes, looks like we had about 2 to 3 weeks in December of ethane rejection.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yes, I think the market on the ethane side continues to struggle to balance itself with a lot of new projects coming on, continuing to come on, major NGL pipelines, major fractionators continuing to come on that will continue to provide plenty of supply into a market that is going to be slow to grow. I think, obviously, with our expansion and other expansions, we'll see a little bit of growth this year. But in -- it's probably a couple years out before we really see the market try to catch up with all that supply on the ethane side. So we really don't see a lot of upside. For us, the best thing that can happen for us is probably volatility here in '13. And then, a weak -- a very weak ethane price in '14. And if that happens, then, we'll have some upside to what we have forecasted here for '13 and '14. On the propane side, I would say the fundamentals are a little more positive there. Certainly, a lot of cracking going on right now. Propane is at a price that is encouraging. A lot of cracking of propane and our crackers running rich and probably any other light-end crackers running rich and running propane in it right now as much as they can because propylene prices are so high that, that's making that a favored feedstock. So that, combined with hopefully some larger export facilities coming on later this year, I think that will start to balance the fundamentals a little better on propane. So I would say a little bit of upside to propane, but still that market has a lot of supply still available in it. I would say this, that there is a lot of propane that is on the market that can be trucked and railed and so forth, that is already in the market supply versus ethane that is being rejected and not on the supply scene. Said another way, when a lot of these big NGL pipelines come online, they're going to have the capacity for ethane but a lot of that propane is already getting captured in local fractionators and being trucked and railed. So it won't be as large of an incremental supply into the market when that infrastructure comes online.
Alan S. Armstrong: We're very excited about that project. A lot of things coming together quickly on it. And we've been -- we've contracted with an engineering firm to do a feed study on it. And I would say, we look forward to accelerating the decision on that project with continued strong fundamentals for low propane prices in Canada, with very little outlet for the propane out of Canada and as well, a lot of interest in the propylene supplies that we already have. As you recall, from our Redwater fractionator and splitter, we already have a pretty large propylene supply there, this would add to that and starts to get to a level that it could attract derivative investment downstream, which would really be a homerun for us because it would take that rail -- some of that rail cost out that we're investing in today into the Gulf Coast.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yes. I would say that for the most part, it is around liquids, particularly, for instance, in the wet Marcellus and in the West Virginia area. That production has a lot more condensate and is a lot richer than really anybody, I think, expected -- certainly, we expected it, anyway, speaking for ourselves and I think for the producers as well. And so a lot of the facilities there really haven't been designed to be able to handle all those liquids. So there's a lot of redo work going on up there and there is a lot of production that is sitting, waiting behind infrastructure, on both our facilities and other people's facilities as well. And so we're working hard to overcome that. But I can tell you that we have a lot of frustrated producers sitting behind our production. And obviously, we're anxious to get things remedied and bring it online as well. But there is a significant amount of production that is curtailed, either by a lack of connection or in some cases, just unreliable operations where the pipelines continue to fill up with liquids and shut in the gas production.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yes. The Ohio Valley Midstream is really the one that's curtailed, the other systems are running fairly well. We have had a few struggles in getting the Laser pipeline up and running. And so we've had a little bit of curtailed volume in the Northeast. But as you can see, it's not curtailing it a lot because you can see how fast the volumes have come up, 80% year-on-year there. So hard to say it's heavily curtailed, but there is some curtailment there on the north end of the Laser system.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yes. I would say in general there, we are very encouraged with the resource and the value it can deliver to the producers. But there are a lot of infrastructure constraints, including both the upstream side and as well, the downstream market side. So us continuing to develop infrastructure for the NGL market outlets and the condensate outlets, is critical to the success of the producers. And so I think, even though there's already this amount of production sitting and waiting, I don't think they'll continue to drill so robustly if we don't start to provide the market outlets up there in an unconstrained way, and we're certainly working very rapidly on that. So a lot of great opportunity. The good news is, it's a great resource. And I would just say, it's even better than most people thought and therefore, it is requiring some -- pretty rapid expansions on the market outlets and the upstream infrastructure.
Alan S. Armstrong: Well, I think what you'll see -- I think it will be hard to see what the actual basis differential. But the answer to your question is yes, we've got to continue to open up market outlets for both the gas and the liquids. But I would tell you right now probably, the liquids is the bigger driver on that. But I think what you really are going to see are kind of inter-regional spikes. And so it's not just what you could see as a East Dominion price or a Columbia price. It's really going to boil down to inter-regional prices and what pipes people are actually getting paid. Now if they have firm transport out of the area and they get into Zone 6 on Transco, that's a beautiful thing right now for somebody, but obviously, that capacity is limited. And so I would just say, I think it's very, very spotty up there. And I don't think those basis differentials really tell us the whole story for what producers are getting for their gas right now.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yes, pretty limited change on that, I believe, and continued -- I would say the one thing that I'm aware of that's changed is -- and certainly embedded in our guidance at this point though -- is we did have a lot of production froze off in the first quarter, not from our facilities, for the most part, but certainly producer freeze off in the San Juan Basin and some in the Wamsutter area and so we certainly saw some impact here in the first quarter on fee-based volumes there.
Alan S. Armstrong: Well, certainly, getting all these businesses started up is a heavy load, developing a lot of these projects is a heavy load. So for instance, you'll see a little spike in cost in Canada, for instance, and a lot of that of course, is in developing a project like a PDH project. And so we've got a lot of upfront development expenses. You'll notice that we're pretty conservative how we book that. You'll notice in the fourth quarter, in the gas pipeline segment, we took a $19 million reduction in expense that basically was expenses that we had on capital projects earlier that we don't capitalize until we know that project's going to come through. And so in other words, we expensed those and hold them in an account until we're sure the project's approved and permitted. And so that's where some of that kind of expense is from. So when we've got a big, heavy capital budget like we have right now, a lot of the expenses in developing those projects weigh heavy against our expense line until those projects are capitalized.
Alan S. Armstrong: I don't think there's too much more than what was in the last guidance, maybe, on the PDH project. But again, if we approve that this year, then that expense gets capitalized moving forward, so...
Alan S. Armstrong: Yes. I think in the -- I think the 150 or so that Frank talked about along with some other small things, I think it's about $85 million, maybe $80 million to $120 million in total there is about what's in there.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yes, that is an excellent question. And I'll tell you, we have a very good vantage point, as you can imagine, given our investment in ACMP and our investment in Blue Racer. We have a very good vantage point up there right now around the degree of fractionation and the degree of liquids that's available from this area. And I would just tell you, I don't think that local fractionation is the answer up here. It is certainly going to overwhelm these markets and something large-scale is going to need to be built. And even, frankly, as it supports an ethylene cracker that Shell has announced and others have talked about, that also -- having a big Raw Make line provides a lot of flexibility in terms of ethane access back and forth between those markets. And so we think that something definitely needs to be done there, and we're working very hard on that. You heard Don mention earlier when asked about what we were going to do with all the extra cash at WMB, and based on both continued cash distributions as well as -- I think, when you do the math on it, you'll see there's quite a bit of extra cash distribution there, particularly in '13 and '14 given the tax rate and the performance in Canada. And so that is a very interesting place for us right now and I'll tell you, we have teams working that very hard and it's not as simple as just building a Raw Make pipeline into the Gulf Coast. There's a tremendous amount of issues about where you land that product and having the distribution network to distribute that product into the market and into big market outlets as we go forward. And so I think, if it was just as simple as just a Raw Make pipeline, we'd probably be past that at this point. But there's quite a bit of work we're doing on the distribution and storage end.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yes. I would just say, first of all, our focus on the petchem side is to continue to provide market outlet for both our product and for our producers' product and not to go headlong into the petrochemical business. And so I think it's always important to remember that, that we see that as a great hedge to our business, and we think it's important -- an important part of a midstream company's role today with all the independent producers that we have, to develop the infrastructure and the market outlets. And so while 20 years ago, you would've seen the majors developing all of that infrastructure and all of that market outlet ahead -- or in concert with developing a big resource, we think it's the role today of the major midstream players to do that. And so it's not out of the question, but I would just tell you that we have looked at it and looked at it, and we think all of the investment required in storage, particularly underground storage -- which as you can imagine, is a challenge in the Northeast -- and all of the derivative market for all the product that's already interconnected in the Gulf Coast, is quite a bit to overcome. And so we certainly aren't the chemical players that Shell Chemical is and certainly, wouldn't doubt their understanding of that market. But from our standpoint, we'd have to get way into a lot of other derivative markets and so forth to overcome that. And so for us, we think the simplest way is to get some of that product into markets that are expanding. And frankly, we look forward to working with Shell to help provide supplies -- as that is another market outlet as well, and we certainly intend to be connected with that if they go forward with that project.
Alan S. Armstrong: And I would add to that. It's certainly -- if we saw this as a business that wasn't growing and we had that kind of coverage, that would be one thing. But we certainly see it transitory in nature, and we certainly put a lot of equity into this business and funding a lot of this cash flow that's very -- that's yet to come on in terms of driving our distribution. And so I think we feel very good about where we are and as Don said, we're -- we really look to the long-term. But I think to answer your question, we certainly, if we were in a steady state kind of environment, we would want to be in the 1x to 1.10x range if we were in a steady state environment.
Alan S. Armstrong: Certainly, that would make a lot of sense, I don't think there would be really any prohibition to the majority of the investments that we're making there from being qualified income. And certainly, we feel like WPZ is pretty full on capital opportunity right now. And so WPZ is well-positioned to do a lot of that development. And certainly, it centers around the kind of things we've talked about in the past, tremendous amount of liquids coming into the area and a lot of changes going on in the petchem space there where parties are trying to crack lighter products. And that changes a lot of things, it changed butane movements, changes propylene movements. A lot of things that change as a result of the feedstock coming into those plants changing. And we have been thinking for some time, there'll be quite a shift in logistics requirements for the business and that you can't build all this new cracking capacity in the Gulf Coast and not have a lot of new logistics issues. And so we've been working to get ahead of that, both in terms of getting our supplies and our producers' supplies access to better markets, but as well, helping serve the petchem market in an open access manner, which heretofore has been pretty much not the way business has been done in the Gulf Coast in terms of having open access pipelines for all these products in between the facilities. And so we think there has been a huge opportunity left to us there to be that open access provider for services. And so we continue to see a lot of opportunities. We've picked up pipelines from BP that were underutilized, we picked up pipelines from Exxon that were underutilized and we picked up a pipeline from Explorer that were underutilized and we have quite a bit of similar activity going on to continue to have distribution networks that move with an expanding market there.
Alan S. Armstrong: I would say it's pretty -- they're pretty modest relative to what we normally -- what you'd normally hear from us in terms of M&A. And so those acquisitions that we've made over the last couple of years, in total are, I think, $400 million or somewhere in that ballpark. And so I would say -- those combined. And so, I would say, it's those kind of pickups that we'll continue to assemble smaller investments like that and piece them together into a smart network.
Alan S. Armstrong: Sure. We continue to really follow CMAI's forecast there and so you'll say that's right in line with CMAI's forecast. And that earlier, I think, $0.62 that we had in there was also right in line with CMAI. So a lot of moving parts in that space, and we think those guys did a pretty good job of providing that guidance. And so we take a look and certainly, are influenced heavily by their perspective, and that's actually what drove that.
Alan S. Armstrong: That's correct. And I would say, certainly this year, right now that forecast is conservative relative to what we're seeing on the ethylene and certainly, conservative -- our forecast is conservative compared to what we're seeing right now on propylene. But certainly, it'll be some volumes continuing, new ethylene production coming on as some of these new facilities get back online. So I don't think it's going to be really big, frankly, in '13 and maybe, not even in '14, but beyond that we'll probably see ethylene production pick up.
Alan S. Armstrong: So basically, if you took our assumptions on the ethane to ethylene spread, anytime we are cracking propane to propylene, it's an upgrade to those economics. That's the only reason we would be doing that, is that if we see better economics. And obviously, right now we're seeing better economics cracking the propane. And so that's always kind of an upside to the basic ethane to ethylene spread.
Alan S. Armstrong: Well, I would say Confluence has merged into a lot of different things, but we are in really good shape there. I would say, and have made good progress on contracting with parties in the area. A little different than what we've originally laid out, but in terms of investment opportunity, it'll look very much the same. And so we are excited about that and it's helping -- as well, it's helping to support our confidence in a large Raw Make system being built in the Gulf Coast as well. And so things are coming together there very nicely.
Alan S. Armstrong: Well, yes, that's obviously a full year of the expansion coming up and naturally what's driving that. Even in the fourth quarter of this year, because of what we said, we've built in some conservatism. We normally -- you normally see us putting in a, depending on how many -- how much downtime we expect for the year, but normally, you'd see us running around 98% to 99% uptime on a facility like that. And I think we've got somewhere in the 92% range built in just following the startup there in the fourth quarter. Again, just trying to be conservative relative to the kind of bobbles we might experience as we bring that new facility up. So it's a combination of those 2 things that is driving -- but obviously, the big driver is the new expansion that will be online full year in 2014.
Alan S. Armstrong: Okay, great. Well, thank you very much. On behalf of myself, our executive leadership team and our Investor Relations staff, I want to thank you for your time and attention this morning. A lot of moving parts that you all are all right on top of and I appreciate the opportunity to give you better explanation around that. We certainly look forward to sharing a more detailed, deep dive into all of our businesses with all of you at our upcoming Analyst Day that is scheduled for May 21, and we look forward to seeing you then.
Francis E. Billings: Yes, this is Frank Billings. I'd say, if we were going to quantify today the volume, kind of, curtailment issues that we're having in the Ohio Valley, I could put that at about 100 million to 150 million a day of volume that we have, that the producers could be producing into our gathering systems. For the forecast period, we're moving our volumes back to address kind of both the operating issues that were experienced in OVM and then, certain producers drilling investment to better align their drilling dollars with getting the best net backs for commodities produced. So I think that's the things driving our volume forecast today in that part of the Northeast.
Francis E. Billings: Well, I think that's what's hitting us today. Our expectation is that we would be getting those volumes back online. But we have some operational things we need to solve and some asset modifications that we have to make at some of the central receipt points in the field so that we can get that volume flowing. But that volume's available to us today, we just have to get some of our assets better situated to handle the condensate volumes and get the -- so that we can get the production flowing consistently.
Francis E. Billings: This is Frank Billings. I'd say, it's a very good question. I think what we see relative to your fractionation investment is that Williams will still have the opportunity to make those fractionation investments. I think what we're really evaluating is the market location for those fractionation investments. The producers that we have behind our OVM assets are going to be looking for a portfolio of markets to get into. And I think we are well-positioned to provide local market opportunities for those producers that want to have access to those markets but then, I think we're also going to be able to provide Gulf Coast markets and Gulf Coast access. So we're trying to position the producers such that they can maximize the value of their net back, and we feel like we'll still be able to make those investments, it may just be in different markets. We are looking at -- behind OVM, and we think in this market place in the Northeast, we think there's opportunities to have some customized solutions or customized infrastructure investments that allow Shell and others that are looking at chemical expansions to have the ethane that they need and give them ethane supplies certainty so they can make their investments. And then we're looking at producers in Canada that want to have the condensates. So we're looking at ways to consolidate our commodities such that they can have access to those. And then, obviously, the local market, we'll look at -- to propanize our investments to the extent that the propanization option makes sense. But with access to the Gulf Coast, you're going to see -- you're going to start to see those different commodities being sold into those markets based on the best net back at that time. And I think what we're doing with the NGL infrastructure is providing the best opportunities for our producers. And we think that's advantageous for them long-term, but it also, I think, it allows for us to place some pretty strategic investments in that area, as well as the Gulf Coast.
Francis E. Billings: Sure, this is Frank again. That 100 -- that volume that I referenced, that's volume that we know is available to us today. It's actually produced volume that's just behind our system and we feel we're going to get the majority of those operational issues resolved in the second quarter. So we're hoping that we have that volume flowing freely to our Fort Beeler facility and through our fractionation assets in 2013. So really, it's really on us to make certain that we get through the operating and asset issues that we've been dealing with over the last few months and we get the assets stabilized and when we do that, we'll have a nice base business for 2013 and we will be able to grow forward from there, per the guidance.
Francis E. Billings: Midyear to the end of the year. And I think the challenge is, all the time we're doing that, of course, there's new volumes being drilled. And so we constantly will be in a catch-up mode for some time. I think it's important to note, though, if you look at Laurel Mountain, we've been at that for a while now and we are now ahead of Chevron, finally, out there in terms of capacity. We're getting close to being there while, I would say, we're going to be on a treadmill for a long time in the Northeast with Cabot and some of the other produces there. I would say, we're pretty well at pace with those producers right now and we just -- things have moved faster in OVM particularly, again, from a liquids production standpoint, both in terms of richer gas and higher degrees of condensates. So I think we're very confident in our ability to catch up, but I would just say, given the productivity of those reserves, we're going to be on a treadmill there for a long, long time to come. And likely, we'll be having some lagging excess capacity or excess production held behind our infrastructure for quite a while.
Francis E. Billings: Sure. I would say, the issues that we've had have been mostly around our field receipt points and obviously, those are vital to getting the production into our gathering systems and ultimately, into our processing assets. We've not completed those installations as timely as we would've liked and then, we have experienced inconsistent operations and reliability as production has come back up to those facilities. Again for 2013, I think our key operating issue for us is going to be to optimize and stabilize the current assets that we have in place and have the facilities better matched to the gas quality of the production. No one really knows with certainty the composition until it's actually produced and I think we've experienced some mismatched facilities to the production and the -- and what we're seeing out there. So the reserves are there, obviously, I think the producers would be producing more. But we have to reliably handle the production and move the production for these producers.
Randy M. Newcomer: This is Randy Newcomer. The Canadian ethane project -- recovery project at Redwater is currently in construction and slated to be completed in May of this year. And so what that represents is additional or better cost estimation basically for completion of the project. So it's inflation in the cost of the project.
Randy M. Newcomer: Basically, it's several different factors, but the primary factors are related to the timing of the -- timing of the turnaround where we were running longer, moving the turnaround from the spring to the fall between turnaround cycles. And at the end of -- at the tail-end of the turnaround, you end up having a little bit of natural degradation in your production capacity over the course of the run. So that's impacting it a little bit. The second thing is, as we're planning this turnaround, obviously, it's a combination of both maintenance activities and tie-ins related to the expansion. And so as you might expect, there's a lot of complexity to that and the need for a lot of good planning effort. We're not quite finished with the final plan for the activity during that time frame, but we've injected a little bit of additional -- as Alan spoke to before -- a little bit more conservatism into the volume forecast, understanding that there will probably be a few bobbles as we come up from the expansion -- we're going to come up after the turnaround in full expansion mode. Whereas before, we were going to come up at the current rate and then bring expansion on later in the year. With moving the timing of the turnaround to the fall, we will be coming up off the turnaround in full expansion mode. So a combination of factors there. Additionally, when you crack heavy with propane versus ethylene, you make a little bit less ethylene and more propylene, and so we really have to look at total olefins production rather than just ethylene and 125 million pounds per year is related just to ethylene. If you'd net it with the other olefins that you produce, that certainly are valuable as well, like propylene, it's about 100 million pounds a year.
Randy M. Newcomer: Well -- this is Randy Newcomer. We have a number of contracts and our contract mix, as Alan alluded to earlier, is changing. A lot of our ethane plus kind of contracts and collared ethylene sales have rolled off. And in fact, as of now, we really only have one that is on -- sale on ethane plus basis. The rest of them are all contracts that are priced at market, basically. Some of them are spot, some of them are yearly contracts. But the pricing is based on more spot kind of pricing. And we purposely have done that because we believe in the fundamentals of that, that ethylene is going to continue to be in good demand and we'll have a great ethylene crack going forward. So we've positioned ourselves to be exposed to the full crack for the present and including our expanded volumes as they come on later in the year.
