Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. I would say there's really two things you should see moving there. One is that many of the projects that are in our potential backlog so that are in that $30-plus billion, some of those projects will start to be moving in to guidance as we close deals there. So a lot of big opportunity right now, particularly in the Northeast, and as well as Transco continues to be very successful in contracting for new business along its system. And so, you'll start to see some business migrate from that $30-plus billion into the guidance numbers. So in terms of timing, we'll just update that in that particular case, as those deals are closed. Secondly, on the potential bucket, I would just tell you we just – the demand side of our business is really picking up in a big way and we're extremely well-positioned to capture a lot of that. And so, we are seeing a lot of additional interest in that, and we just obviously don't update that every single quarter. On the potential side, for one reason, it's so large already, it's not going to drive all that much, but as we see significant projects move in there, we're beginning to expand that. But I think the first thing you should expect to see in the near-term is projects in the guidance side starting to build.
Alan S. Armstrong: Sure. Thank you for that question. We had identified that we would have 25 last year upon the acquisition and then 50 on the merger. And right now, we have in our sights a number that's better than 50 here for 2015. And because some of that is being – even though it will show up in 2015, some of that will be full run rate; next year, we'll actually see a larger number than that next year. So a lot of those things are on some of the support services side, but we also are in the process. We've reorganized our leadership in the Northeast under Jim Scheel there and so we're starting to look at that the synergies that are available to us in the Northeast gathering area as well, and those really will be 2016 kind of improvements in synergies, and we're just really starting to identify what that really looks like.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. Let me try to take that and then look a little bit to Bob here. If you are speaking of MVCs outside of the Chesapeake business, for instance, we do have some shut-ins in the Marcellus area. And those contracts are under cost of service. And so that value proposition of that would come back to us when that rate gets adjusted on an annual basis. And so that's I think the best way to think about that relative to the Chesapeake business. The MVCs that exist in the other Northeast, I would say, we're well above those – even at current shut-in production levels, we're well above those. I think the way you should think about that is that the volume support that we really have with that will come when the big pipeline projects come into service and there is known obligations to volumes into those downstream pipelines. So Constitution, Atlantic Sunrise and Leidy Southeast obligations into those projects will drive some support for volumes just because we know what the obligations are into those take or pay obligations on those pipelines.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. Sure. One thing we didn't mention was that towards the end of the second quarter, we brought our ethane pipeline up there into service. And so, we now are running our de-ethanizer and that ethane pipeline feeds in to the – some of the contracts where producers have to sell their ethane. And so that is what's driving that. So now, we're getting incremental fees for those ethane services that we wouldn't have been getting until that pipeline and the de-ethanizer replacement service.
Alan S. Armstrong: We're not going to talk about that, Shneur. We're just going to have to hold a very, very firm line on this (32:42) answer your questions on.
Alan S. Armstrong: I'll take the second question just to say that it is business, as usual, in terms of our bolt-on M&A efforts. And so, we continue to execute on our plan and our strategy in that regard.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. Sure. I'll just take that real quickly and then if you've got some more detail, Jim Scheel can chime in. Really, the only impact, the gathering volumes and production available is actually growing pretty rapidly. And as you saw, the big increase we had in OVM volumes with a 54% increase in gathering volumes in the Ohio Valley area. But the real impact was from shut-ins, particularly from producers up in the Susquehanna County area and some very substantial shut-ins that are due to lack of infrastructure availability. So we hear the term gas price there, but in fact, it really – the problem isn't the gas prices. They were enjoying $270 gas price up there. They would be pulling everything they could, but in fact, with all the constraints and lack of takeaway infrastructure right now, they're not getting that kind of pricing level and so some of those big producers start to bid against themselves as they put additional supplies into the market and so they're taking actions to curtail that production and so – but in fact continue to develop the reserves, and are making ready for when these big pipeline projects like Leidy Southeast, Constitution and Atlantic Sunrise come on up there. And so there are some big volumes and big gas purchase contracts that will stand behind those, and so they're readying their availability to deliver against those obligations. And so it's just about that simple. The rest of the business, the Northeast volumes are, in particular, like I said, OVM volumes are doing well and the Utica volumes are doing well as well on the joint venture operations that we have there.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. Sure. A lot happening there. Probably, the most obvious and the easiest to talk about is in the OVM, in the Ohio Valley Midstream area, where Access's North Victory system sits just to the north of our OVM system and extends the reach there. And as well, the ACMP team's capabilities on building out the gathering systems and the modular compression to attract those volumes is well-known by producers in the area. And so we have a really big list of producers that we're working with right now that leverage off of the combination of those existing ACMP systems feeding into OVM, as well as the expansion of those systems into new acreage that's been taken up there. So a lot happening on that front, and it really just boils down there – within OVM, it boils down to the expansion and the reach of our system just got a lot bigger into the OVM processing and fractionation complex. In addition to that, though, I would mention two other things. First of all, the Utica dry is really starting to hit some – people – far exceed especially our expectations, I would say, in terms of the potential of those reserves in production. And we're extremely well-positioned there on capturing the Utica dry business. And so, again, the reach of the Access system that's in the area along with the OVM system is powerful in that regard. And then, finally, the joint ventures between the Blue Racer Midstream business and the UEO system, both are very well-positioned on the Utica, and are enjoying growth there. And of course, we're looking to find ways to combine those systems in a way that really provides a super system for the area. And we think we're extremely well-positioned to bring that about. So a lot happening there that really is the combination of the historic Access assets and the historic Williams assets. And I think when we back up couple of years from now and look at this very impressive coverage of the area, in terms of being able to offer producer services on both Utica dry, the Utica wet, and the Marcellus wet, and particularly where those things cross over. So a lot happening there and we couldn't be more excited about the number of opportunities that are coming at us right now in Jim Scheel's area.
Alan S. Armstrong: You know, there's a lot of great projects out there. We are certainly working with our producers who control those liquids to try to find the right opportunities and certainly, are encouraging that infrastructure to get built on the downstream side. And so, I think from our vantage point, we're looking to try to encourage the development of that infrastructure, but it's really our producers' volumes and they'll be the ones that need to speak for the support of those projects.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. Great question. And I will tell you that I think the challenge for everybody up there right now is getting the takeaway capacity out of the area. And so, there's no doubt that the potential was there at this point. I don't think anybody that's involved or engaged in the business up there doubts the potential. And especially, in areas where you already have pads established for the Marcellus wet and even some of the Marcellus dry, the underlying Utica under that and the ability to take advantage of the existing pads and existing infrastructure to bring that production on is where we think a lot of that big production will come on when there's an adequate call for it by the market. But as we sit today, the market – the supply side is desperate to see those expansion projects come online on the gas takeaway side to be able to alleviate that. So I think that's really the curtailment, if you will, right now, that will stop that from being – going gangbusters, but it is impressive. In terms of the opportunity for us, we've got a multi-billion dollar opportunities right now that we're looking at in terms of expansion of our systems up there, a lot of which is driven by both the Utica dry and where it overlays with the Marcellus wet. And so, we've got very – we're very far along in negotiations. And as I mentioned earlier, that's really where you ought to start to see our growth come from in terms of our potential projects. Besides the Transco demand side, you also should start to expect some of that business that was in the potential start to move into the guidance, as we start to close up on some of that business that's out there in front of us.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah, I'd say that's certainly the big numbers was on the NGL piece and then the Geismar piece, which is really behind us now. The PDH and Geismar 2 – great progress, really, on both of those projects and both in terms of putting the finishing touches on the contract for the polypropylene at PDH, and we do expect to be bringing that forward here in August before the board for further consideration on that project. But things are actually improving on that project in terms of – as we've started to getting quotes for a lot of the big equipment for that project. So we're really excited about the way that's going right now. On Geismar 2, very strong interest from two parties that we had narrowed that down to. And I would say we're into some pretty serious diligence now, with one party, in particular, at this point and I think very serious interest on their part and our part in terms of going ahead with the Geismar 2 project. So really great progress on both fronts there.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah, Timm, great question and certainly one that a lot of people should be paying attention to, obviously. I do think that even though the export capacity, not any new export capacity coming on, there is, as you know, that hasn't been fully utilized. And I think the limitation there has been on ships having the capacity to carry that out. So I think that's kind of the next bottleneck, if you will, for the industry to face. And so, I think keeping a close eye on the availability of the shipping capacity to get out of the exports is probably the next thing to keep our eye on in terms of opening the markets up. But other than that, I don't really see much changing here domestically in terms of either storage capacity or rail loading capacity. I would say everything that can move and store NGLs right now is in full utilization, and building up behind the next bottleneck, which, as I mentioned, in this case is the export capacity getting the shipping capacity available to them. So I think that's the next thing to keep our eyes on here in the shoulder month. But certainly we don't see any near-term big relief here. I think we're probably three to four months out before we start to seize a lot of that capacity out there (56:35).
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah, I don't really expect a whole lot of change. I think from our perspective, we're pretty excited to see Marathon bringing their business and they've always had an interest and are very well positioned to take care of lot of the heavies and the condensate in the area. And so, we're really excited to have them engaged in bringing takeaway solutions to the area. So I would say that's kind of the net positive out of it. In terms of competition, I think we've got such major acreage dedications already to us and it's a matter of getting the takeaway capacity coming online for the Northeast and now, even for the Marcellus and the dry Utica. And I think that will be really the drivers there is that capacity coming online and then we will be in a position to provide a lot of supply infrastructure to handle that, as those markets open up in the future. So I really see that as really the determinant up there more than the competitive landscape.
Alan S. Armstrong: I would just say, Sharon, and certainly, we've got our eyes on that, and as John mentioned, there are ways that we're looking to help mitigate that. And part of that is to getting the propane back into the fuel markets. So if you think about that, where there are big straddle plants that are extracting propane, our facility extracting propane, the simple way is to get those propane barrels back into the gas stream where they came from in the first place in the most part and I think you'll see moves on people's parts to start to get a lot of that propane back into those streams.
Alan S. Armstrong: So just to remind you though on that, Sharon, the bulk of the income on that asset really comes off the propylene and the butylene and then the ethane, which has the fee-based contract or the floor (1:02:59) contract for the ethane already embedded, which gives us a margin on the ethane and ethylene. So that's really where the bulk of the value comes from and the propane stream, even though it's very depressed right now, certainly has not been and isn't expected to be a big contributor to value in the future.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. I'll take a stab at the broad relationship and the contract discussions, and I'll ask Bob Purgason to speak to the cost of service expectations in the Northeast and broadly. First of all, on a broad level, I'll just tell you we continue to enjoy very good relationship with Chesapeake. We're very impressed with their responsiveness to the situation that they're in. And I can tell you that they continue to work hard. Obviously, they announced an asset sale in the quarter. And they continue to look for opportunities, and we continue to be constructive in working with them where we can on that. And I would just tell you, again, I remain very impressed and very confident in their actions to put themselves in a position to have the right capital focused on the right assets. And I'm confident that they're going to be able to do that. And in terms of restructuring, certainly, they take the lead on that, and we try to provide support and find win-win ways where they can add volumes that help offset some of those obligations and that's the kind of things that we're looking at. And I'm not going to get ahead of them on that, but I would just tell you we're very excited about some of the new opportunities that we can help with where they can bring on new volumes up against existing obligations. And with that, I'll have Bob try to take the cost of service question.
Alan S. Armstrong: I would just say that certainly already having the right-of-way and the infrastructure in the area, as you know, in a lot of our OVM area, we have a loop system, so we have one line that we can dedicate to rich service and one line that we can dedicate to lean service. Having said that, the kind of size of some of these wells that are being hit are obviously going to require some massive expansion of those systems. And I will just tell you that having the right-of-way established and having the interconnect into multiple takeaway pipelines is going to be what is valuable. And that's exactly how we're positioning ourselves out there. But I would just – if you think about it, an existing pad up there is almost like – and sometimes I think it's even more so the case, it's almost like an offshore platform, because the real estate up there, getting a flat spot, and having a road into it, and having pipelines into it in that very difficult terrain up there is really a precious piece of real estate. And so that's where you'll see the development of a lot of that Utica drive, particularly in the northern part of West Virginia there. And so we have the pipelines into those locations and the right-of-way into those locations. And I think we'll be very successful in continuing to pick up those volumes as they come on there. But you're right, the existing infrastructure – to the degree that we get takeaway capacity established out of the area, and by that I mean long haul pipeline, long-haul interstate pipelines established in the area, the existing infrastructure would be overwhelmed if the producers started going after drilling plan in those areas, because there is so much productivity available from those areas. Obviously, though the productivity is going to have to stay in check with demand in the market.
Alan S. Armstrong: I think one of the interesting elements of all this big Utica dry gas that may or may not be obvious at this point, is that it really is going to provide a lot of blending capacity into the gas pipelines. And so, if you think about this concern about the ethane recoveries and ethane takeaway, all of this big dry gas really provides a lot more capacity to put ethane into the long haul pipeline and still meet gas specs. And ultimately, what that means is it somewhat it helps solve the storage problem or ethane feed into some of the big crackers that are being developed there, because in effect, the gas pipelines become that storage element, and if there's a problem with the cracker, the ethane just goes into the gas stream, but still stays on spec. So that's actually one of the really interesting developments from our perspective coming out of this big Utica dry volumes that we're seeing show up.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. I'd just tell you we've been working very closely with the DEC and are excited and very optimistic about where we stand and would hope to see a permit very soon.
Alan S. Armstrong: I think right now, we feel good about the date that we put out there for getting that finished by the end of 2016, and so, I think right now, we feel pretty confident in that and feel like we've got a good path to get that done. So there're certainly some tight windows that will be pushing through here and we hope in the very near future. But we remain confident as we see here today in that.
Alan S. Armstrong: Okay. Well, thank you all very much for joining us today. Really tremendous amount of fee-based revenue growth that's coming on, excited to have the Geismar expansion behind us and having that up and running and really excited about the way the execution is going on these major projects that are out in front of us and we're just going to continue to march our fee-based revenue growth up 17% in the first quarter growth, 17% here in the second-quarter growth, and we're just going to continue to see a big march as these projects come on. So I appreciate your involvement in the company and we look forward to updating you on our shareholder value propositions as that becomes available. Thank you.
Robert S. Purgason: Yeah, I was just going to add the two areas where we've got through MVCs, the Barnett and the Haynesville, obviously, were below the MVC in the Barnett. We do look at them on a basin-by-basin basis. And our view is that drilling in the Haynesville will come under the MVC that's growing in that area. And you're seeing that in the volumes that are showing up. But the Barnett is just not attracting the drill bit right now, and we don't think will be for a while, but it still is producing good cash flow in terms of its lifting cost compared to the current netbacks.
Robert S. Purgason: Well, I wouldn't speculate as to Chesapeake's returns in that area in total. I'll just note that the Barnett's producing good free cash flow in almost any environment and that that Haynesville is attracting drill bit currently.
Robert S. Purgason: Yeah. Just in terms of our cost of service growth, there in the Northeast, it's really in our Marcellus north area where we're adding some compression to continue to support the development there. I'd note that's an area where the cost of service contracts are delivering, we'll call it, great market fees. You noticed we had a fee reduction in the first quarter, and it was related some – a part of it was the fee reduction in that north area due to the high volumes that drive that fee lower. So we continue to see that. And then our Utica area, which is cost of services well continuing to expand compression there to support really great wet Utica results that you're also seeing show up in our UEO OVM volumes. So, no, we still see particularly those Northeast contracts as good strong pieces of our portfolio and also look to be good in Chesapeake's activity as well.
Robert S. Purgason: Yeah. I think it's a great example of where Access legacy and The Williams fit together, right, because this initial wave of development is going to be used in existing plumbing, to the extent that we've got proximal pipelines and/or rights-of-way we can give near-term service. And then we can wait for this big takeaway opportunity which is going to create a whole new wave of large infrastructure investment to meet these big wells. So I think we're positioned well to capture that business and give near-term service to those who want to produce dry wells given their economics.
John R. Dearborn: As Alan mentioned, we made about 5.27 million pounds per day on Tuesday. I think that would be a pretty reasonable rate to expect, because we've been able to demonstrate that for reasonably long periods of time, in excess of a week through this past several weeks as we brought the plant into full operation. So we're very encouraged with where we are today. So I think that's a fair way to look going forward. I think the one thing to take into consideration on the O&M numbers is we did face a rather substitute power failure, during the second quarter, which would have seen some higher O&M costs. I'm going to venture to say somewhere in the range of about $6 million to repair furnaces, which were unexpected. Those furnaces – it's a pretty normal thing when you face a significant power outage that you've to go in and repair the furnaces. That's what takes time, and it took some money in the second quarter.
John R. Dearborn: Yeah, I think there are a couple of things. Let me take that one third in line. First, I'd like to just add to the earlier answer that I gave that that power outage that we faced was related to a utility power failure to our plant so that was not inside our plant. It was rather the supply to the plant that took the plant down, totally unexpectedly, in a very significant severe manner. Second, you had asked about premium to Belvieu, I believe. And now, with Evangeline running, with us running, that premium has essentially fallen back to more normal levels in the $0.01 or $0.02 range, though remember that Louisiana is a thinly traded market, and so, you don't get every day visibility into what that premium is. Also, remember that our customers have a call on about 80% of our production. So we have only available to us about 20% sell into the spot market, and coming through the second quarter, certainly, through June and in July, we have been satisfying our full contract requirements to our customers, so selling essentially all of our volume in that contract. There've been some de minimis volumes that we have sold into the spot market only when there were some discontinuities between what our customers needed and what we were able to produce. And now that I've gotten through those two, somehow I've lost track of what the third question was.
John R. Dearborn: The 30% increase in crack spread. Thanks. Well, looking at this year, I think earlier in the year, we were saying that we saw inventories rather low in ethylene and that we could expect some demand growth and we could expect perhaps some disruptions in supply that might drive to a tightness in ethylene that would help improve that situation. We haven't seen that materialize quite as yet in this year, but certainly, as time passes into next year and subsequent years, up until the time when the new crackers come on, you would expect that continued demand growth, and of course, recoveries of international markets and the like that might be hampering volumes these days would result in some strengthening opportunities for margin growth. And I think that's what we see behind the future there.
John R. Dearborn: Yeah, it's a great question. And perhaps I can take it on by giving a little bit of background on how we make money there. And I think it's important for us all to remember that we make money on the spreads between gas and what is substantially an olefin stream. So we make money between gas and propylene and gas and uplift. And of course, we're protected on core price on our ethylene production up there in Canada. And so, really the substantive exposure that we face that I think – and certainly causes us concern is on the NGL portion or the (59:20) portion of that production. And certainly, today, propane is not returning a cheap value. And so, therefore, it's the one product that is not making money for us up in the Canadian pocket right now. And so we're just looking for opportunities where we might be able to mitigate that situation. We haven't found it yet. So I don't have a clear solution for you yet, but we have found a way to deal with the heavier part of the barrel. It's making money now and all the rest of the parts of the barrel are making money. And so, if you think about the pocket in that way, I think you'll understand that we're still contributing income in Canada despite the NGL difficulty. One last point, though, and that is the stranded (1:00:13) nature of that propane up in Alberta does substantiate our thesis on why we think the PDH and the creation of a demand center (1:00:22) in Canada creates a value-added project and a sustainably advantage project into the future.
John R. Dearborn: Well, if you mean by catalyst a process that uses a catalyst to convert the propane into something else? I'm sorry.
John R. Dearborn: The only thing that we occasionally seek through is whether (1:01:05) would ever reverse but right now, the (1:01:07) is needed up in Canada, and so, in the absence of another large pipeline that traverses rather long distances to move the propane to the Midwest or somewhere else in the United States, I think it's very hard to imagine something that's going to alleviate the situation on propane.
John R. Dearborn: Well, in the near-term while NGL prices are still where they are, I'd suspect they're probably going to fall a little bit short of where we would expect long-term returns to be. I think on a volume perspective, think of Horizon as being about a third of what we're doing (1:02:37) today. So I think that gives you a view on both the margin and the kind of volume.
Donald R. Chappel: I can take the – of the $150 million change in commodities since our February – we issued that guidance on February based on the price outlook at that time, I'd say something under $60 million was olefins, and the balance was NGL margins and related curtailments.
Donald R. Chappel: Hey, Ross. This is Don Chappel. The debt numbers are in the 10-Q that we filed this morning. I'll try to grab something real quick here for you. But again, we filed the Williams and Williams Partners 10-Q this morning. All that detail is out there.
Donald R. Chappel: The fee-based percentage, I think, for this quarter and for 2015 is going to be in excess of 90%. I think somewhere in the 92% range given that Geismar was down for a portion of the year and kind of where commodities are. We're estimating or forecasting the fee-based percentage to be just a little below that over the three-year period, 2015 through 2017 is about 89%.
Donald R. Chappel: I don't think we've disclosed the specific Geismar profits, but we did indicate that there was $50 million of gross margin for the quarter.
Donald R. Chappel: That was business interruption and insurance proceeds. Again, a year ago, the plant was down, but we had business interruption insurance. And we estimated that during the second quarter of last year that we had a right to about $122 million. Since that date, we've collected -- we have a $500 million policy. We had losses, property losses approaching $70 million with just a little over $430 million, I believe, of BI. We've collected more than $420 million. We have a claim for $20 million that's open that's still being negotiated with an insurer, but again, the vast majority of our insurance claim has now been paid.
Donald R. Chappel: Again, there's a difference between GAAP and adjusted. So for GAAP, for financial statement purposes, we record the cash, the insurance proceeds when we have a signed settlement agreement with the insurers or we actually receive the cash. For adjusted earnings, we in effect accrued it based on our expectation of collection. John Dearborn from Investor Relations can walk you through the...
Donald R. Chappel: John Porter, excuse me. John Porter in our IR shop can walk you through the GAAP to non-GAAP numbers.
Ross Payne: Good morning. Couple of quick questions. Could we get a rough debt number or debt number for WMB or WPZ? And secondarily, thanks for the guidance on the fee-based from 2005 (sic) [2015] to 2017. Can you give us a rough estimate of what fee-based is currently for the company? And then third, I was going through your press release. Can you talk about the profits that the Geismar is currently generating or what it was maybe in the second quarter? Thanks.
Ross Payne: Okay. Looking at this, I mean it looked like it was $96 million in the second quarter 2014 and then it swung to a negative $126 million for the second quarter of 2015, so.
Ross Payne: Okay. Thanks. And just one more, do you guys know the timing of when your strategic review will be complete? Thanks.
