Micheal Dunn: Hi, good morning, Jeremy. This is Micheal. We are seeing some activity there across all of our dry gas basins, where producer customers are expecting higher prices next year and we’re seeing that in the forward curve as well. You’ve seen probably some of the comments from some of our customers that they’re being cautious, I think, with what they’re saying, but they are prepared to participate in a higher-price environment. And we would expect to see that not only in the Rockies, but in the Northeast PA and in the Haynesville. We’ve even seen some pretty decent activity in the Barnett with some workovers there and some new production coming on just from some wells that had been underperforming. So they are anticipating and taking advantage. It looks like a potential higher-price environment next year.
Micheal Dunn: I would just say, the other aspect that we have that Alan just commented a bit in regard to our existing systems. Building on those brownfield systems is a much lower environmental footprint and environmental impact. And we think that’s something that will carry today as well in regard to these incremental expansions that we can bring to those customers in that area.
Micheal Dunn: Yes, this is Micheal. I guess, I’ve walked through the three major basins that we have exposure with Chesapeake and the Bradford. We have a cost of service agreement there with them. It’s a very low-cost rate that they enjoy there. It’s a cost of service agreement, that’s actually working very well for both us and the customer. And I would not expect, obviously, any pressure there with the continued growth that we’re seeing. Haynesville, a very similar situation. We expect continued growth out of the Haynesville. We have been working with a number of customers in the Haynesville to offer incentive rate there where it makes sense to incent some additional drilling whenever the prices were lower, and we think there’s an opportunity to continue that if prices don’t rebound. But right now, the strip looks more favorable for that dry gas basin in there. And in the Eagle Ford, we have a substantial footprint there with Chesapeake as well, and we move a lot of volume. Those volumes are back to where they were a pre-COVID situation for the most part. And that’s the basin that’s obviously exposed to NGL prices, as well as condensate and oil prices. And as those prices are expected to rebound with picked up demand, we would expect the Eagle Ford to be another area that we would continue to see some growth in the future with Chesapeake. So those three major basins, we have Chesapeake. We don’t see a worry on our horizon in regard to continuing to see good economics for the customer there, as well as for our Midstream business.
Micheal Dunn: Yes. That is on incremental production only. We’re not discounting, obviously, any PDP volumes that we have going on our systems today.
Micheal Dunn: Yes. I think I would just add on the amount of debt that was taken on there as part of reflective of the multiple that was paid as well. So I think you have to take that into consideration, as Alan said. And I don’t think there’s a comparable system for the Transco system out there right now, and that’s certainly not a good marker for any of our transmission assets, especially the Transco system today.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, Jeremy, great question, and thank you. We have several projects right now, where we’re bringing in renewable gas from dairy operations and from waste areas. And so we are working. We’ve got a lot of them already online, and we’re continuing to work on those projects. And I would say, those are – will be obviously ahead of hydrogen in terms of coming on, but we do see a lot of investment opportunity around that. Also, on the hydrogen front, certainly, we’ve heard the message loud and clear from places like New York about the political support for decarbonization, and we think that presents a great opportunity for us at Williams to invest with our customers in projects like that. And so we certainly are interested in doing that and think we’re extremely well-positioned, given our distribution network into those densely populated areas. We think we’re extremely well-positioned to be able to take advantage. And especially as renewable – excess renewable power becomes available and converting that to hydrogen as a form of energy storage, we’re extremely well-positioned to take part in that. And as you’ve seen on the solar front, we’re certainly interested in making investments where they make sense in and around our pipeline systems and to take advantage of investments in renewable opportunities. And so we’re no stranger to it. The team has done a great job of picking up new opportunities like that. And Chad Zamarin and his team have continued to look into opportunities like that. And I think that’s – nobody is better positioned for that than Williams, frankly. So we look forward to continuing to look into those opportunities.
Alan Armstrong: Well, I would just say we continue to see growth in the Northeast. And I think, as Micheal mentioned, it’s largely dependent on the forward curve, but we do have a lot of producers that are looking to take advantage of that. And so I would just say, the growth is going to have to come from somewhere. If we don’t see an oil price recovery, we’re going to – there’s going to have to be replacement of those volumes, as well as continue to meet demand growth. It’s pretty amazing if we look at how low LNG exports are and yet our demand for the year has still grown. And so if we were enjoying that LNG – a typical LNG demand, we would really have the outstripping right now and the market would be turning the other way pretty quickly, I think. So said another way, I’m not sure I would agree that we’ll see flat volumes and certainly don’t see that coming out of the low-price basins, like the Northeast Marcellus and the Haynesville and the dry Utica. So – but if we did see that, I would just say, our capital has gotten lower and lower and lower in the Northeast, because our systems are very expanded right now. We’ve done a great job of that. We are looking at a couple of expansions, as Micheal mentioned, that are pretty sizable, but that’s in kind of the planning horizon right now. But if we do see flat, there’s just not a whole lot of capital demand for the Northeast. And so just because our systems are already covering such a wide swath of the acreage that’s dedicated to us something.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. We certainly are seeing ethane recovery continue out there and that is boosting volumes in the area. So you may have seen in our OPPL volumes, we’re actually down for the quarter. But that’s just because we had a customer that chose to take their volumes off and pay us for that volume efficiency rather than ship. And so that – so said another way, while the volumes were off a little bit there, the revenues were not off from that. And so – but we do see expanded opportunity, as ethane recovery comes in. We’re seeing the Ford market is actually continuing to show margin for most of the rest of the year on ethane. And so, given our limited appetite for commodity price risk, we’re taking advantage of that as we see that forward market present itself for taking advantage of that.
Alan Armstrong: And I would add to that, where we are doing that the only place we would agree to do that is where we don’t have any capital investment. So this would just be incremental drilling, where there’s no capital required on our part. And so we love that business to have the incremental flowing volumes and have that revenue grow without having to spend any well-connect capital out there. And so that’s a great opportunity for both the us and the producer. If prices firm out there a bit, then there won’t be a need to do that and we won’t. But if prices are low enough, that’s a great way for us to keep the cash flows building without spending new capital.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. That’s a great question. I mean, obviously, the deepwater business does decline over time and I’m not confirming the $450 million here. But let’s assume it’s in that range. Normally, you would expect declines. The good news is that we’ve continued to be tying in so many single base hits that I’ve referred to earlier, that that’s tending to offset that normal decline ahead of those bigger projects. So will it stay actually flat? I would say, if we start counting that those projects in, then the answer would be no. We would have some decline underneath that. But so far, the the environment is really positive out there, and infill that’s coming from producers in and around our assets is offsetting those declines. And so this would be incremental, but that is dependent on those continued tie-in. So obviously, there – we don’t have contractual protection from the declines out there. I guess, I would remind you.
Alan Armstrong: Certainly, it’d be beneficial almost in whole the Northwest Pipeline, right? Because we don’t have the negotiated rate element of that in Northwest Pipeline. So about half of Transco and nearly all of Northwest Pipeline would benefit from that.
Alan Armstrong: I was wondering who was going to raise that, Shneur. Thank you. I would just say that, yes, we had a good quarter. We’ve had a good first-half of the year. You can see our costs are extremely low. I think, we want to make sure that we’ve got room in there for things like we’re going into to a more intense part of the hurricane season. And so we – and we certainly plan on things like that disrupting our business. So, yes, I think we’re extremely well-positioned right now on guidance to outperform on that, but there are always things that can go against you and – in – on both the cost side, as well as disruptions like hurricanes or another price setback on crude oil that might cause shut-ins in the deepwater or in other oil basins as well. So I would just say, we’re wanting to make sure – given the uncertainties in the market, we’re wanting to make sure that we’ve got room here for the balance of the year, as it relates to guidance.
Alan Armstrong: Well, yes. But I also would say that, it would be rare that we wouldn’t have some kind of Hurricane impact in 3Q as well, and it’s a question of how big that is obviously? And I would say, I think, it’s not necessarily conservative to think that, that we might have more pricing impact rebound here. So I think, yes, we have room for those kind of things. You can say that’s going to – if you want to claim that’s conservative, then I would say that factor.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. We certainly are rooting for MVP and would provide supply at a point, where we could continue to serve market expansions. And so we we certainly would love to see that get completed, because it does bring supply right into a critical point of our system that allows our network to continue to expand and serve expansions along our system.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. I think it’s a little bit early to call that for a number of reasons. But, yes, I – we don’t see right now that being having a whole lot of load against it. Regional Energy Access, obviously, was a little bit later in the cycle and the well investment for shale will probably start more seriously towards the end of 2021 or end of 2022. And both of those projects would drive our capital back up to the $1.5 billion, $2 billion range. But – so I would just say, so it’ll be somewhat timing dependent on those projects as to how quickly we started investing on those projects and drive that capital up further.
Alan Armstrong: Okay. Well, thank you all very much. I do have one note that I’d like to recognize somebody here at the company. It’s very difficult to do the typical celebrations that we do for retirement. But Ted Timmermans, who has served the Williams Company for over 41 years and – has referred as the – was our Chief Accounting Officer here at Williams for 15 years. This is his last effort for the quarterly call, and John Porter is taking over the Chief Accounting Officer role and have been a great transition that’s gone on there, much in keeping with the way Williams does business, very steady hand on that. But I certainly want to just say a huge thanks to Ted Timmermans for all of his great service to the company and for the the standards of excellence that he has always established in our accounting efforts here at Williams. And we were very fortunate to have his leadership here at Williams for a number of years. So, Ted, thank you very much, and we wish you the very best in retirement. And with that, we thank you very much and we appreciate to continuing to share the good story here at Williams. Have a good day.
John Chandler: One thing – this is John Chandler. One thing I’d add to that, too, is we do have a couple of more quarters of deferred revenue step downs related to a big platform that customer paid for several years ago. That pretty much stabilizes at the end of this year and the step down stopped, but we’ve got another probably ZIP code $50 million of step downs between the next two quarters in deferred revenue in the deepwater.
John Chandler: No. I mean, we – obviously, as part of our rate settlement exercise, we do build in tax rates. Now we have to wait for our next rate case, obviously, to push that through to our base rates. So yes, clearly, higher tax rates would benefit us in the form of higher rates in the future on the rates that are subject to our rate negotiate or to the rate case. Now again, remember, on our Transco system, about 50% of our rates are negotiated. So obviously, it wouldn’t have an impact on that. But certainly, the rate – part of our rate case and rate base is subject to an assumption on taxes – the tax rates.
John Chandler: And, Shneur, this is John Chandler. I just say one other thing. I think our teams do a fantastic job of forecasting. But I’ve got to tell you in this COVID environment, it’s tough looking at cost, and I’m talking about our field people actually forecasting as well. We’ve done a tremendous job at cost savings year-to-date. I have a suspicion that’s going to continue. It’s hard for our folks to forecast that with any level of accuracy. I mean, we don’t even know when people could come back in the office that – with the COVID. And so if you think about somebody in the field trying to plan for maintenance or just even hiring people, that’s not an easy thing to do. So we’ve been very successful in cost reductions. I suspect that will continue, but I don’t imagine that’s fully baked through our forecast as good as we’re going to do is my guess.
