Don Chappel: Good morning, Shneur. This is Don. I think the beauty of it is those projects come in fairly ratably during this period. So, I think you can look at it as a continuation of the kind of organic growth that we have seen over the last several years. And we have a lot of that built into our near-term plans for 2015 as it is. So, not to say that there couldn’t be some additions, but we think the capital additions would be relatively modest. It could require some additional debt and/or equity, but we think that will be pretty modest in 2015. Certainly, as you can see in our guidance, the capital falls off somewhat in ‘16 and ‘17 and that will be filled with some of these organic projects as they are contracted and/or sanctioned and we would expect a combination of debt and equity to finance those in the future.
Don Chappel: Craig thanks for the follow-up. Again I was commenting on again what I think we have a modest amount of equity required to execute the plans in our guidance. However, obviously, we have a lot of other projects on the burner here. And I was really commenting on the fact that some of those additional projects would require some additional financing. I think that was part of that question. And that additional financing would be a combination of equity and debt. And the real guiding – the guidelines there are really maintaining our credit metrics and credit ratings. So, that will really be the guide. In terms of the way we are thinking about UEO right now, we are always thinking of that as more of a 13% acquisition versus the 21%, because we do expect that our partner will step up and acquire the 8% that they have a right to acquire.
Don Chappel: Yes, there is some I would call it modest changes obviously the UEO was certainly not part of the plan.
Don Chappel: We absolutely are and I am really excited to see that. I think all along, we have thought that this natural gas market growth would come – has been supply-led and obviously that’s put lower prices out, which is just further encouraged the confidence in the demand side just are taking advantage of that and we are really starting to see that come through on our systems on the natural gas side. But we also, I think we remain really excited about that as it relates to the natural gas, liquids and the Petchem space and positioning ourselves to be able to serve that growing market as well. So I would say the natural gas market expansion is upon us. And we are seeing that through all of these RFPs and all this growth in our system. And we would try to be ahead a little bit of the NGL Petchem build out. And we are very confident that with the expansion going on in that space, it’s going to take a lot more plumbing and storage to serve that growing market. As we positioned our self well for that and the Bayou Ethane project and Texas Belle are just kind of the front end of those opportunities for us.
Don Chappel: No, I wouldn’t go put that in the bank. That is seasonality and we typically see that in the first quarter. We have got winter weather and we have got the crews tied up on meeting peak demands. We hit some extreme peaks on our system here in the first quarter and so that’s a really bad time to be to be maintenance on your pipelines. And so you will see those dollars increase here over the summer months. You will see as our work crews are out doing those – doing the maintenance on our pipelines, you will see that pick right back up.
Don Chappel: No, it is not included in guidance. It is in that potential pie, the $30 billion, but it is not in the $9.3 billion guidance.
Don Chappel: Abhi, this is Don. Really, no update at this point, we can talk more about it at the Analyst Day. But there is no urgent need to do it. And certainly, we feel better about it when equities are trading better. So that’s kind of where we stand.
Don Chappel: Jeremy, this is Don. I think we have discussed that periodically in the past in terms of pros and cons. And we do believe that WPZ is positioned to improve its cost of capital. So you know we don’t have that here today and we can certainly talk more about that during Analyst Day.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, sure. I will take that in the two parts there. First of all, just to clarify, what we actually are seeing is actual shut-in of existing flowing production. So – and my comment around the drilling operations was comprehensive to both the drilling and the completion. So, we are not seeing a lot of drilled wells not being completed, we are just seeing actual decisions to shut-in production because of extremely low netbacks in some of the constrained areas up in the far Northeast part of the Marcellus. On the second part of that question, ye, the areas that we see that we would obviously see that pickup to the degree that volume coming in lower we would see that affect the cost of service calculations for the future if those volumes didn’t flow. And we will by the way, Bob Purgason is going to be given a nice tutorial of that at the Analyst Day and going to provide some more detail at our May 13, Analyst Day around the way some of those contracts work in this environment.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, great question. I would say that first of all extremely low pricing in the quarter on propane up there. And so, we actually saw Edmonton propane a lot of you probably don’t follow Edmonton propane, because you just see the Belvieu and Conway postings, but Edmonton propane really actually got down to around a dime. So, it was quite a bit lower than the value of natural gas in the quarter. So, we did see some extremities up there in the Alberta markets in terms of seeing very low propane prices and that certainly did hamper and will continue to hamper. The long-term solution to that is great projects like our PDH project, which will provide great markets for those captive propane barrels up there. The propylene market remain actually pretty good and we are railing that out of there as part of our PDH project to the degree we go ahead with that, which we are excited about that project still and to the degree we go ahead with that, not only will that open up markets for the propane through the conversion to propylene, but also will provide a new market for the propylene there via the polypropylene unit that would be built downstream of our facility, but – and we wouldn’t own that, but it would be part of the overall complex. And so we are working to open up markets if you will for those stranded products and so that’s really the effort that we have growing about that. We also do have with that some structure contracts that will come, that will put some callers around the value of our products up there and help make that look more fee-based and take some of this extreme volatility that we have seen there.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. Christine, actually those contracts are swaps back – a lot of those are swaps back to the Mont Belvieu market at Belvieu market. And so there are exchanges between parties that have product in the river versus – and parties that have demand at Belvieu. And so those are actually are setup as swaps. And so you shouldn’t build anything on top of that. The way the business is structured of course there is a number of different contracts and there is quite a bit of complicity to it, but the way you really should think about it is that we have customers that have a call on about 80% – up to about 80% of our production at Geismar. And sometimes they will take all of that, sometimes they won’t. If they don’t take all of that, then we have the 20% plus whatever they leave for us to sell into the – physically sell into the Geismar market on spot. And so that’s really how you should think about that. So, when we are operating at just the base rate, we won’t have any excess available to sell in to that market, unless somebody doesn’t call on that production for whatever reason, they might have a plant down or they maybe have a better price from somebody else and it might not call on that volume. And at that point, we would be free to sell it in to the highest value market wherever that is. So, I think that’s the right way to think about that.
Alan Armstrong: Well, as you can think about a lot of the actual expansion, so – basis, we are running at about 70% of total expanded, which is very close to base rate. And so at the number I quoted at 80% is 80% of the full expanded rate. So at the base rate, we don’t have any excess provided that people call on their volumes.
Alan Armstrong: Thanks for the follow-on question. No, I think there are a number of factors that could play into the prices moving up. I think this is a natural tightening of the market as these markets the uses of ethylene growing year upon year globally into the very large markets at somewhere above 2% a year, somewhere about 3% a year, I am sorry. These global markets grow every year. And its okay, that supply has been – and there is not a lot of high coming in the next year or so. And so you could imagine it’s going to be a continual thing you can just basically find on demand. Of course, we are going to un-restrict the market a little bit here but from Louisiana and Texas, that should be helpful to the Gulf Coast certainly to the Gulf Coast market. And I think the third factor that could play into this is with relatively low inventories coming into the year of ethylene. And we always predict rather high utilization rates on crackers. We have had a pretty good first quarter, but if there should be some mishaps in some crackers around the system in the Gulf Coast, of course that could provide a negative supply shock to the market, which would of course have an impact on prices. So I just think it’s a general growth in the ethylene building markets that’s going to continue to see us enjoy some positive pressure here. But I can’t ever predict as how quick it’s going to move. If we look at polyethylene today, polyethylene is selling somewhere around this $0.50 range. And so there is certainly plenty of margin in the changed matter of like a split between each of the products in the chain.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, not a whole lot to add there at this point, Carl. I would just say the market is continuing to try to shape around that. And I would say it’s a mix between – on our project is a mix between producer push and market pull and trying to find the right balance of that. And obviously, one of our primary goals there is to make sure that we have the very best market outlets available for our upstream assets coming out of OVM. And so that’s an item that we have focused on pretty tightly and has I would just say, added some parameters and constraints to the project. And so that’s one of the things though that from our advantage point, we are very focused on and we are very serious when we talk about connecting best supplies to best markets. We are very serious about making sure we accomplish that. And so that’s really been one of the complicating factors on that. But we will have more to talk about at the Analyst Day on that.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. I would say given some of the difficult areas that includes Appalachian Trail crossing and some forest – right around some forest service, I would say that’s getting pretty late if it pushes back that far. So I think people are going to learn some lessons on that effort in terms of trying to get build through that difficult area.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, sure. Well, I would tell you that’s pretty exciting news. And I would say that the – if you think about all of the resources and the – whether it’s steel mills or skilled labor, if you think about all of the resources that we are supporting some massive drilling operations here in the U.S. and the fact that those are now slacking, we really are starting to see that come through even though it’s a different area of the business, we are really starting to see that come through in our sector of the business as well. And so that reduction was based on a number of things. One was a firm we now acquired, our pipe is purchased and we saw that come in dramatically lower than our expectation for the price with the price of steel coming down. And we also are seeing much softer prices on the contractor rates for construction practices as well. So the team is doing a great job of really looking for any and every opportunity on that. And so we had quite a bit of contingency built into that. And so we are just taking – one of those is just actual prices of steel coming in much lower than we expected and some of the rest of that is taking some of the contingency out that we had built in there.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. No, you are right. That will come – that will fall right to our bottom line because that project was negotiated, great projects. So whatever capital we save comes to us on that. And on the first part of your question around will we see it, that kind of savings trends into other projects, I would say absolutely. We are seeing some pretty big relief on major equipment, on steel prices and importantly on the availability of engineering and skilled labor resources. And so we certainly will see that come through. I would say though that before we write that into our books, while that is subsiding, I would say the regulatory environment for projects continues to get more and more difficult. And so we have to leave some contingency in there for that. So, the actual cost of construction for these projects, I think is definitely – the answer to that is definitely that is coming down, but clearly like we have seen on projects like constitution, where the regulatory format is – and several people have say so over it and sometimes are mutually exclusive requirements. Those kinds of complications I think will continue to hit the industry, particularly in areas where there is heavy population centers like in the Northeast, where a lot of the growth is.
Alan Armstrong: Let me take that. I think the commercial opportunities continue to be very exciting, particularly in kind of the West Virginia and Southwest PA area. And so that’s very attractive. And as well I would say the combination of our joint venture opportunities between in the Utica are also presenting some nice opportunities and the combination of the liquid clearing outlets for that business are very attractive to us as well. So, I would say the opportunities have probably been maybe even a little better than we thought, because we have got Access with providing basically a greater reach and some great capabilities in terms of well connect and compression addition in the area that really allows us to kind of expand the reach for OVM. So, we have got several deals that we are working right now that are fairly substantial and really are just firmly as a result of having those two capabilities brought together. So, we remain very excited about that. On the CapEx – sorry on – further on synergies, a measure I like to look at is what percentage of our overhead or our G&A costs are hitting us as a percentage of our fee-based revenues and that has come down pretty dramatically here over the last – as we look in ‘14 in other words we take all of our G&A expenses compared to fee-based revenues in ‘14 and look at that into 2015. That’s come down pretty dramatically. And it’s hard to move that number very big, because it is such big numbers, but that’s a measure that I like to watch and that’s improving very nicely which tells me we are able to use the scale of our overhead to grow our business and bottom line improve our net margins. So, both of those things are very positive. And I would say as well on the CapEx side, we are in general expense side we are finding things where we are able to take the best contract offerings, where we buy chemicals or lube oil or things like that on a procurement side and our supply chain management side, we are finding some good synergies there in taking the very best prices amongst the two entities.
Alan Armstrong: I would say that as I mentioned earlier the cost reductions that we are enjoying on the pipeline side were also seeing that on some of the heavy equipment side for project like PDH. And so as we are refining those estimates on PDH to come forward for our final investment decision on PDH, we have got a lot of positive tailwinds associated with lower cost on that. And we are hoping to be able to provide a little more detail about where we are on that at the Analyst Day Meeting in terms of the traction, but I would just say just generally the PDH project is moving ahead very nicely and we are more nearing having all the facts and figures in place to make a final investment decision on that. And then on Geismar 2, really strong interest in the project and I am pretty excited about the way that’s positioned with some pretty attractive partners and I think that one is moving at the pace we would expect and we are excited about that as well. So both of those projects I would say continue to gain momentum.
Alan Armstrong: There are a few incremental projects in the outlook and I would say that we also – I am proud to say we are firming up some things as well as some projects in the kind of the medium-term that have – that we have added in there that just kind of came to us unexpectedly that have been added. So several of the market-type expansions for instance on Transco, but we have also got some sizable opportunities as the market continues to build out for the LNG. Transco, of course is extremely well positioned to serve many of the LNG projects. And so we have gone through some very successful open seasons and so that’s adding some projects. And as well, we have got some opportunities to with – into serving Mexico that are – have come on the radar screen as well. So overall, it’s a combination of new projects kind of in the medium-term that have been added in and are firming up very nicely and further out on the back end some of these new projects that has Transco serving markets in the southern end of its system.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, great question. And as I mentioned on the previous response, we really are excited about being kind on the tip of the iceberg and building out the infrastructure for the Petchem expansion. And so a lot of that capital in ‘16 is focused on building out for what we think is a growing position on the Petchem side there. And so we are putting quite a bit of capital to work building out some of these legacy systems that we bought a couple of – 2 years or 3 years ago, we bought quite a bit of a latent pipeline down there from parties like Exxon and BP and Explore. And so this capital is putting a lot of those pipelines to work making interconnections, extending them, expanding them and pushing them into those markets. And so that’s what a lot of that capital was.
Alan Armstrong: And you can see some of those projects on I believe its Slide 37, I believe it is, you can see some of the detail. And we will be providing some more detail in the Analyst Day on that.
Alan Armstrong: Question, and then I am going to ask Rory to give you some more detail on the Constitution project and what’s going on. The projects that many of which are on Page 18 there, many of those projects are along our existing right of way. And so to agree they are along are existing right of way, much less public resistance and certainly that’s one of the huge advantages of Transco is that it’s already got right of way in the extremely heavily populated areas that are very difficult to establish any new routes and so most of those projects are expansion along that existing right of way. You can see that one big exception is that leg coming down on Atlantic Sunrise. But our team has really gotten ahead of that and it’s done a nice job of getting out and getting some of the tougher areas of right of way pin down on that one. And so I would say we are very fortunate to have the established right of ways that we have. And I would say Constitution is an example of one where we didn’t have existing right of ways. And I think as kind of foreshadows what the industry is up against in terms of getting new pipelines built in areas like this. And particularly, as you get further into New York and New England area, it gets more difficult as you get into those areas. And everybody wants lower priced energy, but nobody wants the pipeline in their backyard and that’s simply the issue that we are facing here. And we really need some political leadership to really establish an energy policy that would encourage and help the public understand the benefit of having these lower priced energy into their areas. On the Constitution piece, I am going to turn that over to Rory to talk about the detail to permitting them.
Alan Armstrong: It is certainly in general that is correct. In the case of Constitution it is almost squarely on the state there. But the challenge is when the feds have delegated their authority to the state and the state doesn’t see it as something they critically need. That’s the reason we have interstate commerce laws and so that one state can’t block another state from enjoying the benefits of infrastructure. And yet in some of these cases for whatever reason the feds have delegated some of their authority and that is where we run into some of these problems. Rory will take the permit, please thanks.
Alan Armstrong: Sure. One of the probably most obvious pieces on that as Cabot has made some announcements on that. And we expect that to be to between about $300 million and $500 million of shut in volumes over a number of that would grow and we think that’s probably for about five months or six months. So and most of that we think will just be here in the second quarter, during the shoulder months. And so they can make good money at very low prices up there. But when the systems are full up there and there is not enough market. They really get – the spot incremental sale gets extremely low and puts pressure on their other productions since they are such a large producer in the region they tend to put pressure against their own sales. And so we think this is short-lived but and maybe second and into the third quarter a little better, but that’s about it. So that’s the amount we expect.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. Sure. I would say in the West volumes continue to remain pretty flat, pretty steady out there and the rate escalators that we have in our contracts over time have basically after gathering our fee-based gathering revenues extremely flat in the West despite some pretty light declines. And so I would – I think we would expect that to continue. I think the bigger question will come into the ’16, ’17 timeframes in terms of what kind of continued drilling might occur. The one area we are seeing some continued activity that our team has done a great job of capturing is in the San Juan Basin, particular with the Mancos play and the team has done a great job of continuing to capture that business. And of course the volumes in Bucking Horse will continue to grow and that plant just got really as we speak is really just getting lined out to build a ramp up to full throughput on that facility. So those are kind of the drivers that I think will keep us relatively flat. And we will just have to wait and see what holds for ‘16 and ‘17 depending on gas prices and how those move over time. In the Northeast, I would say continued very, very impressive production rates from wells particularly the Utica dry the wet really have kind of for somewhat – to some degree of kind of not built into our plan, but we are seeing more and more evidence that the combination of the Utica dry along with the Marcellus wet particularly around our OVM system is some pretty powerful combination of the economics for producers. And of course the other side of that coin is the great success that they are having is continuing to put pressure on the bottlenecks and constraints getting out of the area. And so, again I think we are excited about seeing all of this demand pool coming into the market on our Transco system because we know where there are some great supplies that can help feed that for years to come and continue to grow the market steadily. But I think we are going to continue to see pretty moderate drilling in the Marcellus and the Utica as forecast. We don’t see really big changes to that. And I think really the only surprise to this for the quarter was just the shut-ins due to lower prices was really the only surprise we have seen on the volume side.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. I would just say whoever has got the pipe in place and has the best market outlet is probably going to win that business up there. And we have positioned ourselves very well to get that accomplished. And anybody can always come in and buy business and so forth. But I think we are positioned to really make a nice return on our investment by just capturing the business that is – that we are well positioned to capture in the area. And so I think we will continue to do that. But clearly, one of the key issues up there is going to be a multitude of market outlets, not just any one market outlet, but multiple market outlets. And we are trying to make sure as we grow our system, we are really investing our efforts in making sure that we have got best market outlets for the gas up there. And so that’s involved a large team on both our marketing side, on the gathering end as well as our team from Transco and our Atlantic Gulf team really trying to make sure we are providing very best market outlets for the producers up there. And just like that, it’s always been a winner for Southwest, we think that will be a winner for us in the Northeast as well long-term.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. Maybe we will get into that level of detail a little more at the Analyst Day, I will just say we worked pretty hard to stay away from areas that would require that kind of protracted permitting requirements in the area. But it’s an area that requires some pretty careful orchestration to step through. And we will provide some more detail on that – on the Appalachian Connector at the May analyst meeting.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, great question, Timm. And as you know we have been concerned about this since the Bluegrass days and we remain very concerned about the clearing of liquids out of the area. And I think unfortunately, the answer is they are going to get cleared out there by rail. And just as evidenced, what’s going on in that space, our Conway rail facility for the first time that I can ever remember is even though we have dramatically expanded our rail position – our rail rack position there at Conway, our inbound which I don’t ever remember this occurring, our inbound capacity on rail is fully contracted for the summer months. And so I think that tells you kind of what’s going on, which is all those products getting put on rail and it is going to any home again for storage and Conway is an attractive place for that. And of course Conway then has great access into the Bellevue markets when it’s needed there as well. So I think that’s what we are going to see, I think already seeing it. And I think the wholesale marketers of the NGLs have realized that’s one of the few places that you can clear those liquids and then sell them into the market as the market demands them. So I think that’s what we are going to continue to see more of the beneficiary that there with Conway. And if anything, we are probably guilty of under-pricing that service given how strong the demand has been there.
Alan Armstrong: Well, I would – if you don't have a salt formation, you really don’t have a very attractive place or a few projects that we have been looking at through the Access team and looking at some areas to try to develop that, but I would just say it is the scale of opportunity is very limited for storage because you don’t have the big salt lands like you do in either the Conway area or the Gulf Coast area salt land has provided the opportunity for storage. Without that, it's very difficult – and frankly that’s one of the reasons that the Gulf Coast Petchem space is continuing to be prolific for year after year after year as one it has access in ports, but also it’s got the great advantage of salt dome storage for both the raw – feedstocks as well as the finished product. And that’s in the Olefin’s basins. So those are the big advantages. And frankly, I don’t see that changing anytime soon. So, very expensive to build any kind of storage capability in the Northeast, because mostly it’s going to be above ground storage capabilities.
Alan Armstrong: You know there is a multitude of contracts there Christine and so none of them – they don’t all start in, but typically they are not real long-term contracts that are established in that market. But there is a variety of terms on those contracts.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, slightly. But as Bob pointed out we have got a lot of catching up to do still. We are still working off of quite an inventory of getting caught up. So even if the drilling does slowdown we still – the well connects will still keep coming for quite some time.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. Thank you and appreciate the question. It allows us to spend a little bit, because we really haven’t hit that much today. And a couple of things I really want to point out there, one is that we did have the major equipment for the expansion up and running. And so and in fact as we sit here today we are utilizing many of the components of the expansion facility. So contrary to what probably you would be left to believe, it’s not like we have just got the base plant sitting over here running and the expanded plant is sitting idle. We are utilizing in this period a lot of the big elements like the furnaces for instance on the expanded facility. And in fact we had the major equipment up and rolling when we had this transformer fail on us. And so I think that’s very good news because we been able to test all of the major components. And in fact we are using this time period to put load test on the expansion parts of the facility. But at the end of the day this EBR system is what is bottlenecking if you will the production on the plant, on the ethylene side of the plant. And until we get that transformer back in then we can’t go on with the rest of the plant. So the good news is we are not sitting here wondering about the rest of the major equipment in the expanded plant. We have actually been able to utilize it and get it up and tested. And so really this is – I hate to – there is nothing simple in a big complex plant like this, but to try to put in simple terms, we have got the plant – the expanded plant has been up and tested. And it’s a matter of getting this transformer repaired at the manufacturer’s facility and getting it plugged back in. And we did run that compressor that this transformer drives and everything was fine with that compressor. And so it’s just a matter of getting the transformer plugged back in.
Alan Armstrong: Again we have kind of had the luxury, unfortunately we have had the luxury of time in getting some of those things that lined up. And we have gotten – we had some fouling and some residue oil coating on some of those highly efficient exchangers and we have gotten those cleaned up and they are performing very well now.
Alan Armstrong: Great. Well thank you all very much. Appreciate all the great questions. And we certainly are excited about bringing all of these projects and we really look forward to talking to you in more depth here on May 14. Thank you for joining us.
Rory Miller: Okay. That was a great runway to kind of where we are at from a regulatory standpoint to get this project in service. I think everybody is aware that sometime ago we got our FERC certificate for this project. But as Alan pointed out, some of the permitting had been delegated to the state of New York. We have most everything we need other than the New York DEC final permit on this project. We do have all of our land and right-of-way secured. We are what I would say – what I would call in the final pros of working through some final details on some wetlands issues and the New York DEC I feel like it really rolled up their sleeves and working with us very closely on trying to get the remaining questions answered. And we are very optimistic that we are going to be getting a permit here in the next couple of months. And I believe there is also Corp of Engineers permit that would follow that. But that’s more of a sequencing issue than an issue where we expect any type of dispute or anything like that. Once we get started and like I said we believe that will be in a couple of months and take about a year to construct, that’s not exactly right, but for planning purposes just figure a year or so. If we get the New York DEC permits than the permits from the Corp of Engineering which would follow say middle of the summer then we can be in service in the middle of the summer in 2016. If they come in later just kind of use that year timeline as how much we would move back in-service date. But I would say in general right now I feel better about this Constitution project and where we are at than I have in the last 2 years. Things have really been coming together. People have been very engaged at the agencies. They are trying to do their job. And I think because of the climate in New York, their standard is very high. But they are just going to make sure that they have all of their ducks in a row and I think we are very close to that point.
Rory Miller: I think that’s the case. This latest re-filing that we did with New York DEC was merely procedural. In fact the year prior we had done the exact same thing but we basically canceled and re-filed with all the existing information that we have been building up in the project. And in fact the New York DEC came out and said, they required to have this open comments period, but they said look, we have already commented, we got your comment, we are going to be using and considering all the previous comments that have been supplied. So the additional 14 day period would be for if there are any new comments that hadn’t already been covered by the previous comment period then those would come in. But I think all of that’s has been run down to ground pretty sufficiently and I don’t really see that as introducing any new risk into the timeline that we see before us now.
Rory Miller: I think we have got all that. This water issue is the issue that’s really kind of the last has been push we need to get through.
