Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. Well, thank you. Great question. And I would just say that, we're always looking for basins where we have a lot of downstream synergies to be able to apply and it's really a unique situation when we can take private dollars and invest a smaller slice of our own capital and do something, but enjoy the downstream of synergies and drive downstream synergies into our existing asset base. And so, I think that's really the clue that you ought to be looking for is really where we can drive synergistic value and that unique competitive advantage that we have in a process like that is really where our efforts are focused. And so, I wouldn't see this as wide scale outside of areas where we've got the ability to drive quite a bit of synergies with either existing assets in the basin or with downstream assets that we could develop.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. Christine, thank you. The business is almost all fee-based there in the DJ Basin and there are downstream contracts for the NGL services that are separate for that. And in terms of whether we would have to loop OPPL, I think that's dependent on other actions from players, but unlikely I think, given ONEOK's Elk Creek facility and the White Cliffs conversion, I think it's unlikely that, that would be required. But – so, we don't really expect that to occur. So, I think, we see a lot of opportunity under our existing contracts and business to really help the DJ Basin producers and get access to attractive markets and we think we're well positioned to do that and that's where a lot of those synergies come from.
Alan S. Armstrong: And I would just add to that, Christine. In addition to the Oak Grove or to the Ohio Valley Midstream area proper, we also have some expansion ongoing with Chevron on the LMM system as well. That's new business to us. And so, really kind of across the board right now with the one exception being the Utica, we're seeing pretty substantial growth and, of course, we're excited about the new investor in the Utica replacing Chesapeake there who is going to bring a lot of new capital to that area. So, while Utica has really been kind of the slower growing piece of our Northeast position, we're really excited about their plans there in the Utica now.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. Colton, great question. I would say, yes, we are expecting as volumes continue to grow and we continue to take cost down. The second quarter is always a – and particularly this second quarter where we had a lot of rainfall in the area, so there was a lot of pipe slips in the area and even a lot of road damage in the area that we had to contend with up there tends to drive our operating costs higher. As well, it's also the time when we come out of a thaw period there in the Northeast and we start doing a lot of our maintenance work in overhauls. So, typically, the second quarter gets a lot of those kind of incremental cost. So, even though we were able to hold it flat, I think if you normalize for those, you'd start to see a trend towards even better unit margin than you're picking up on. So, we're really excited about that. The team is very focused on that and I would tell you, as an organization, we focus on and in our goals is the operating margin ratio for each of these areas, which is very close to the EBITDA unit margin that you're looking at. And so, we pay very close attention to that. The teams are measured on that and the executive team is compensated on that. So, you'll continue to see us really pushing on those numbers and the teams are extremely focused on that.
Alan S. Armstrong: And, Chris, I would just add to that. Obviously the maintenance capital, which also you saw was high during the quarter, obviously that does – that will affect the rate case through May obviously. And so, we fully intend to build or recover the maintenance capital portion of that through the rate case. So, I would say we're looking forward to getting that rate case out on the table and getting on with that. So, there has been a lot of changes obviously on the FERC side that have kept people hopping on a tax treatment there, but we feel very good and team has done a terrific job of keeping up with all those changes and is ready to follow through with the rate case here in August.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. I would just tell you, I think this team is extremely disciplined. There are a lot of opportunities out there, but we recognize that our cost of capital relative to the private cost of capital right now is strangely enough. We're going through a period right now as an industry where it's very obvious to us that the private infrastructure fund money is much lower cost than the public dollars are. And particularly given the growth rate in our public equity that I would argue is not being reflected in our price, it really pushes us to recognize we've got a very high cost of capital outside of what we can – of the cost we can internally generate obviously. And so, we have to think about the other uses of that cash whether that is dividend or share buyback or whatever that might be, that's alternative use of that capital. So, yes, we have some great high-return investment opportunities as a result of our big footprint. And we will take advantage of those where we can and if we can use other people's money, that is lower cost than ours, to help capture some of that like we are doing on the DJ transaction, then we will certainly pursue that. But I would tell you we're going to remain very disciplined around capital allocation and look at it broader than just to our assets, but what it means ultimately to shareholder value.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. No. That's a very interesting thought, Chris. I would just say, I think, right now it appears to us is there continues to be a lot of money trying to flow in to the infrastructure funds and private equity and I think, we see a lot of money, anxious to go to work and we think there's great places that are aligned with us that we can put that money to work and that's exactly what the team has been working on. And I think, again the transaction we just did is a great example of that.
Alan S. Armstrong: The answer is yes. Those contracts roll. And no, there hasn't been any discussion of restructuring those contracts. As far as I'm aware of, I don't think there is any expectation of that. I think the new customer knows. Obviously, we're always open to value-added transactions. And teams are always very aware of how value can be added. But right now, those contracts roll with the acreage and we think there's a lot of value. I would just tell you that to the degree there's capital available, obviously Chesapeake has been capital constrained. They've had a lot of great opportunities, including the Utica, but they've been capital constrained. If you think about the nature of those cost of service contracts, like we have on the Cardinal Gathering System there that services the rich Utica, if somebody can come in and apply the capital and get the volumes up, they naturally take the rate down. So, there's a way to fix and get a lower rate just through the investment of drilling capital. And so, that's kind of what I would expect to happen, given the availability of capital that, that team is going to have to apply to those assets. So, I would just say that's been a challenge for Chesapeake to take advantage of that opportunity just because they've been capital constrained. So, I think this is a good example of the market working and new capital being brought in against attractive return opportunities in terms of drilling on that acreage and that's fully what we expect to see and volumes will go up and rate eventually will go down be it a cost of service model associated with them.
Alan S. Armstrong: Becca, there are multiple synergies. I would just tell you we have some fairly complex contractual relationships downstream that I'm not going to get into that relate to our existing Rockies business, but we're not going to divulge the details of that, but I would just say there's quite a bit of opportunity in that. And as well obviously, we have a downstream infrastructure in terms of both OPPL and Conway fractionator as well. So, I would say there is multiple opportunities around that and a lot of it relates to our contracts that we have for our existing NGL volumes coming out of the Rockies.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. Good question. First of all, I would say the NGL constraints are in multiple locations as you know, I think you're well aware that the two ways out of the Rockies are either on the MAPL System, which unfortunately flows through the Permian to ultimately get to the Bellevue. So, that path previously has been an open path, but with all the Permian congestion, the route south on MAPL out of the Rockies has been constrained. And so, the San Juan Basin asset, as an example of that, has been on allocation for quite some time. And so, when ethane margins become available, that's very difficult to capture, given the allocations going to South. And of course, the other option out of the Rockies is on Overland Pass and that has been on curtailment for, I don't know, maybe 13 or 14 months now. It has been on curtailment and has limited our ability to extract the ethane margin out of the region as well. So, that's the constraints that I spoke about earlier. In terms of things that are changing obviously on that, as I mentioned to Christine earlier, of course the Elk Creek pipeline that ONEOK is building along with the more near-term transformation of the White Cliffs System from crude to NGLs as well as another major expansion out of the DJ Basin in the way of the Front Range system, all are providing quite a bit of relief for that particular area that will provide relief for both the Bakken and the DJ and the Rockies ethane molecules. And so, that's where a lot of that uplift will come from as those systems all are expanded out there.
Alan S. Armstrong: Well, I would say, for instance, on the NESE project even though that's been delayed from what we had in our capital in terms of our internal projections, we had a delay built into that. So, I would say, unfortunately, we're pretty accustomed to the delays and I think have done a good job of predicting them. I also though – and so, I really – I would tell you that I think that, that opposition has been very effective on a number of fronts. And I think we've got to continue to do things the right way as an industry. We've got to improve discipline across the industry on our construction practices and how we deal with the public. I would tell you, I think Williams is a leader on that. I think Atlantic Sunrise is a good example of that. But we have to build in quite a bit extra time in the Northeast. I think it's yet to be determined if that opposition spreads outside – dramatically outside of the Northeast. Obviously, the attack on Sabal Trails is an example of it spreading out of the Northeast. And so, we may see that expand other areas as well. And so, I think everybody better have eyes wide open when you think about greenfield or long-haul pipeline construction. I think everybody better be eyes wide open and they need to sharpen their skill sets both in terms of regulatory compliance and the engineering that goes into building these pipelines in a way that stays well within the bounds of the regulators and the communities that we serve. So, I would tell you we've been attuned to that issue for a long time just because a lot of our construction has been in the Northeast. But I have a feeling that, that is going to spread outside the Northeast. And I'm hopeful that the rest of the industry really starts to pay attention to those issues.
Alan S. Armstrong: Okay. Thank you very much. Thanks everybody for joining us. Again a very predictable quarter from a financial metric standpoint, but a tremendous platform being built and a lot of work that went on this quarter that positions us for even greater growth here in the second half of 2018 and certainly in a big way into 2019 and beyond. So, really excited about the great work by the company during the quarter and we look forward to sharing that with you in the future.
Michael G. Dunn: Okay. This is Michael Dunn. I'll take that question. In the Northeast, we are seeing our volumes grow really significantly in the Ohio River Supply area with the richer gas that's coming into our Oak Grove processing facilities. So, we're anxiously awaiting the in-service date of our second train there at Oak Grove to process this gas and we think we'll be at capacity on Train 1 that's already in-service there by mid next year, which is when we expect Train 2 to come online. So, really seeing a lot of good growth there. We saw about 30% growth in the Marcellus South year-to-date compared to last year at the same time and so really excited to see those volumes coming on. And also in Susquehanna and Bradford, we're seeing volumes grow there as well, but overall, we'd expect volume to continue to grow in Northeast Pennsylvania after Atlantic Sunrise comes online and we see some of those volumes continue to grow from our customers there. As far as NESE goes, on the NESE project, I think you've probably seen the updates that we've had there in regard to our permits that we've been working through with New York and New Jersey on the 401 certifications under the Clean Water Act and both of those permits have been resubmitted to New York and New Jersey. And we're working with both of those states to continue to process the permits, the data requests there. We have a draft EIS that's out on the project as well and continuing to work with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the core of engineers in the states to process those permits, but we have anticipated now that will slide the in-service date out to the end of 2020. And I will tell you and remind you that we typically do risk-adjust our revenues in our guidance and our balance plans and so that will closely align with where we anticipated our revenue in the first place with the projects. So, we've had a shift of capital out of 2019 and more closely aligned with the 2020 and service date on NESE.
Michael G. Dunn: No. Christine, this is Michael again. Those are the primary contracts we have there, but we're obviously talking to a lot of different producers up there that are bringing in rigs at least anticipated and we'll continue to have new contracting opportunities to continue to fill that, but, right now, we have, like I said earlier, Oak Grove TXP Train 2 under construction and we're actually under construction with a portion of the civil work on Train 3 as well, which we think will probably need by the end of 2019, early 2021, once Train 2 fills up. So, we expect Train 2 to rapidly fill in 2019 and be at capacity by the end of the year. That's why we're currently building Train 3 as well and even talking to our internal parties and some of our producers up there about a need for Train 4 after that. So, there's a lot of activity up there and we're pretty excited about it.
Michael G. Dunn: I should have also talked about our NGL pipeline that we announced at Analyst Day as well that we're well on our way to having that project completed probably in the second quarter next year from our Oak Grove facility up to the Harrison Hub as well. So, we've made great progress there. We've got all the right-of-way acquired. We've cut the majority of the trees along the right-of-way and we'll start construction on that this fall.
Michael G. Dunn: Yeah. I'll just add to that, Alan. We do have variable cost up there that are driven by our electrical power costs. We do have a lot of electrical compression in the Northeast. And so, when we have volumes ramp up, those power prices – those power costs are translated into our operating expense, which for the most part are reimbursed, but it's not netted against our operating expense, it comes in other revenue. And so, you wouldn't see that as a net to our operating expense.
Michael G. Dunn: Yeah. We're still making progress on that. Really nothing new to update from Analyst Day with the exception of the fact that we're just making progress there and hoping to conclude those negotiations soon. And the team is working on the applications that we will need to make for the FERC filings on that, but still making progress there and expect to have an exciting project to talk about in the near future.
Michael G. Dunn: Yeah. We're seeing a lot of activity actually there. We're taking in lot of barrels from the Bakken, which is because of some impacts, probably short-term impacts, with takeaway capacity there, but we are seeing some new contracts that actually go out a little further than you would expect in regard to when those constraints are relieved. So, we're actually pleased with that. It's new business for us that we're capturing there and I think we'll continue to be able to do that.
Michael G. Dunn: I will. Hi, Chris. We permanently took advantage on those outages of getting the work done before ASR came online. There was a significant amount of activity that has been planned for quite some time with our in-line integrity work. This is primarily the smart pigging that we've been performing on the Transco system as well as the number of hydro tests that were going back in pressure testing, the older pipeline system components of Transco. So, that's – really what we were doing was taking advantage of the shoulder season here in the second quarter primarily. So, I would think you would see a different thing you've seen in the past in regard to our maintenance CapEx and our OpEx on the Transco system, where we really had to flip it this year and a lot of that was driven by ASR coming online later this year, where the Transco system is going to be operated much tighter than it has in the past. And so, we really wanted to get that work done before ASR came online.
