Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. I would just say Jeremy, just like we've said previously, we're very confident in our ability to manage that through various structures. And so, we don't expect any impact to our guidance. So, really nothing new on that to offer you other than we are very confident in the various structures that we have available to us to manage that.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. Well, Christine, we don't get into the details of that, but we do have rights related to that type of transaction, particularly as it relates to the Caiman interest. And so, we're not to consider – nothing has really changed in that regard just because of our rights indicates the sale or transfer of interest there.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. Most of the volume growth there was on the Bradford JV, but you are right, the Cardinal and UEO interest, they were declined on the rich gas, the Utica volumes there. And so, that had impact on that joint venture. So, primarily it was Bradford increases, offset by some Utica Rich decline.
Alan S. Armstrong: No. But just to be clear there – Colton, sorry – just to be clear that we did see EBITDA increases on Bradford, but – so that – we had lower rates there, but you're right that Utica Rich we have higher margin on and that is where we saw a lower EBITDA.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah, I would just add to that in Eagle Ford, we also had an outage or planned turnaround at our Dilly (28:17) gas treating facility, sour gas treating facility there. And I think that was about a week of outage there. So, that was – that is an unusual event. It was planned, but it didn't impact the quarter. And I think on the Haynesville, as we've mentioned earlier, any time you have these big new wells coming on like we saw a lot of in 2017, you've got a big decline to work off in the near term. So, the fresher the production, the more immediate decline. There is adequate activity out there and we are seeing that pick back up here as we get through the winter. So, you always have kind of a little bit of a lull during the winter. And so, at the end of the fourth quarter, of course the first part of the first quarter and so, we'll see some of that pick back up. But we are definitely seeing more rigs move over to the oil and rich gas areas right now. No doubt about that.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. It is a lot of new projects I would tell you. And it's kind of just a lot of it's more of the same, if you will, in terms of incremental demand for services in the Northeast and some new opportunities along the Transco system that are driving that.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. I would just say we have plenty of structures to use and we don't intend to contemplate that path. So, there's plenty of other structures that we would employ, and so I do not expect us to follow rate case without the tax allowance in it.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. Sorry, Darren. Could you repeat that? We didn't catch the first part of that question, sorry about that.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. I think we're making a really good progress as we gain scale on these projects. We're making good – we track what we call an O&M margin ratio, which is a similar measure to what you're talking about and we're tracking very closely and actually drive performance around that for the teams, and we do expect to continue to improve that from where we are today. I think if you look at it on a quarter-to-quarter basis, sometimes it can move around on you, but on an annual average basis, we are continuing to drive that ratio better and we would expect as our scale gets larger, a lot of our costs obviously in these operating areas like the Northeast are somewhat fixed, and so as we drive volume and revenues against that we are able to increase that, and similarly, in the West as well we have that issue. I would say the West is very mature in terms of its ability to drive costs down and that team even without the benefit of big volume increases, that team has been continuing to drive our unit cost down in that area. So, I would expect us to continue to improve on that number, but you may not see it from quarter-to-quarter as much you will see it on an annual average basis.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. I think Susquehanna is going to be somewhat stair stepped and be a little more driven. There is quite a bit of capability to boost volumes out there as we saw this winter when we saw some good pricing hit locally in those demand areas. We saw some volumes pick up pretty rapidly. Part of that was because we had expanded the system on what we called our Genesis expansion out there. But I think the thing that was impressive from my vantage point was the ability for the producer to respond when the pricing was there. So, we're going to see that occur as Atlantic Sunrise comes on. And we're certainly seeing all the activity in place today to keep up with that. Cabot has done a great job of managing the business and as well managing their markets. They've got a couple of big gas-fired power projects that are coming on that they've contracted to serve as well. So – and those projects are doing very well. So, I think in the Northeast, we're going to see response to both Atlantic Sunrise and those gas-fired power generation facilities coming online. And down in the OVM (00:38:04) area, we are just really impressed with the degree of activity going on, on the rich gas there and the team has done a really nice job of winning new business there from some – from business that were elsewhere. And so the team has really done a great job of continuing to grow volumes on that. As Michael mentioned, we're going to be up against our capacity limits there pretty quickly, but we've got about another 150 million a day to fill up and then we'll have TXP-2 that were in the process of constructing right now coming online and then TXP-3, which is another 200 million a day would follow behind that. So, don't really see much slowing down the ORM – or sorry the Ohio Valley Midstream area, but that's going to be a little smoother, if you will, just because we're seeing adequate gas takeaway capacity out of the area right now. And now it's just a matter of the drilling continue to fill up our processing, but in the Northeast, I think we see a little more stepwise function that'll be late in the 2018 period for seeing those volumes come though.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. Right now we plan to file our rate case at the end of August and that test period goes through March 1st, assuming that we file there.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. Great question. I would just tell you something we give a lot of thought to and study quite a bit. And I actually think that the Permian supply is actually helping us in that there is much more confidence in low prices for the longer, which is spurring big capital investment – continue big investment in capital. And so, I think we're going to continue to see LNG expansion on the backs of that, where in before I think people, there was some doubt about it. I don't think there is any doubt about the U.S.'s ability to produce a low-cost gas supplies for a very long period of time. And so we are seeing tremendous amount of activity and we've got two methanol plants in Louisiana, big methanol plants that we're serving that are great – that we're building – have contracted now to serve I should say. So, we're seeing big capital go in trying to take advantage of low-cost gas. And I just think the Permian is just additive to that story frankly. In terms of the Marcellus versus the Permian, even in the Bernstein report, which is probably the most negative towards the Marcellus has impacted by the Permian, even there you have a very large, like a 50% increase in volumes, and so I would say if that's the downside case for the Marcellus, that's pretty rosy from my perspective to get that kind of increase coming out of the Marcellus, and we certainly are starting to see signs of that. But bottom line is I think the Permian is really helping in terms of the big capital dollars that have to go into sustained demand and we're certainly seeing signs of that.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah, I would just add to that Craig. It certainly is the same certificate – the 401 certificate, the same one that got denied in the case of Constitution. It also got denied on Earth Day. And so, that has a lot of similar ring to it. As Michael points out, this one really is important for New York City, and we really are starting to get some strong political support from folks that are actually locally affected by not having access to natural gas. And we certainly think that that's going to be paid attention to. I'd probably no need to remind a lot of folks on this call, but Governor Cuomo is certainly trying to stay far to the left right now, and we get that politically, and we think the timing is an important factor here in terms of the approval and the State's actions on this project. So, I think there's a lot of very strong positives for New York City in terms of dramatic reductions in their emissions by getting off of fuel oil. Almost all of this gas is going to take out fuel oil. And so, there's actually a very large emissions benefit from this project and it's getting lower cost fuels in to folks. So, we think ultimately, the politics will turn to our favor on this and we've been working closely with the State and again feel like there's very much an issue of timing regarding the denial on this that's more related to the governor's election and particularly in the primary. So, the feeling does go very familiar on one hand. On the other hand, we think we have some really strong politics that'll work for us eventually on this project.
Alan S. Armstrong: And Craig, our current rate that we're charging as reflected this quarter already has that 35% to 21% step down. Even though we're actually receiving a higher cash rate, we're only recognizing the rate that would be appropriate to the 21%.
Alan S. Armstrong: I would say there is a move that goes back and forth that's depending on a lot of things, and certainly right now, there is a lot of focus on the rich gas right now, because propane prices have been high. Obviously, the spread between oil and gas is continuing to drive rigs towards the richer gas right now. And so, I think we're seeing – that's interesting you know as well and is somewhat coincidental, but the southwest part of the play, so West Virginia and Southwest Pennsylvania and Ohio has the benefits of increased takeaway projects that have come online. So they also – you're starting to see a pretty big spread between TETCO M-2 and Dominion South, which serves that area versus the Tennessee pricing and the Transco-Leidy pricing, which serves the Northeast part of the play. And so, not only do you have right now better gas pricing in the southwest part of the play, you obviously have the benefit of strong rich gas. So, I would say there has been a leaning towards rigs being deployed in the southwest part of the play right now for those two reasons. I would say as Atlantic Sunrise opens up and really starts to provide great access to real markets, not just sending gas into a cul-de-sac, but real new markets, we're going to see some increased activity in the northeast part of the play as well.
Alan S. Armstrong: I'll take that. There certainly are many other structures to look at, and you've heard the Street talk about those. I don't think we're going to get into a long description of all those various structures, but there is multiple structures that are available in that regard. And primarily the difference and why they are so many available to us is what John pointed out, which is that at the Williams' level, we are already a tax payer at the Williams' level and therefore there's a lot of structures available in that regard. So, that's first part of the question. The second part of the question is, I'm not going to answer. So, we're not going to pin ourselves down as to when exactly we're going to answer this question at this point.
Alan S. Armstrong: No. I don't think we would want to wait around for that final order. So again not saying exactly what the timing is, but I don't want to sit around and wait for that. I think the ability to completely turn that over is not real high. So...
Alan S. Armstrong: Okay. Great. Well, thank you all. I would just say a great quarter for us, just continuing to be very predictable I would suggest and execution IR teams is tremendous in phase of some pretty tough environment, the team's continue to execute very well. So really excited the way things are going on that front and really excited about our Analyst Day and rolling out a lot of exciting projects that are going to drive us into the long term as well. So, thanks for your questions today and look forward to seeing you at Analyst Day.
Michael G. Dunn: Yeah, I would say that probably the biggest impact in the West was that Northwest Pipeline rate case, where we had a settlement with our customers and that did take the revenue down. So, I'd say that's probably our biggest impact in the West there. And on gathering volumes, keep in mind although sequentially we were down, we were very strong in Q1 2017 to Q1 2018. And I would just say on that we had very strong performance in Q4, primarily in the Haynesville, and naturally that's a tough comparison coming off the fourth quarter compared to the first quarter when we had such strong results at the end of last year. And just in some of our gathering area, surprisingly we didn't have any weather impacts in Wyoming in our traditional cold weather areas, but we did have some Eagle Ford and Haynesville winter impacts in Q1 that hurt our volumes a little bit, but it really wasn't too bad this winter.
Michael G. Dunn: Yeah. This is Michael Dunn. I'll tell you in a couple of our areas would start in Ohio Valley Area, the Ohio River area. We're seeing a lot of growth there on the West side of the system bringing in volumes from Southwestern, EQT, and likely Chevron this year. A lot of activity in regard to our processing facilities there, Fort Beeler, we're at capacity on that, that's between 550 million and 600 million of processing capabilities there and Fort Beeler's full. And we're expanding Oak Grove. If you recall Oak Grove has one Train there. And right now, we're putting Train 2 in, that will go in service next year, and likely Train 3 following shortly after that. So, we're seeing a lot of activity on that side of the system. Shifting more to the Northeast Pennsylvania area, we will be seeing a lot more activity coming from the Susquehanna Supply Hub as well with Cabot ramping up to fill their volumes on Atlantic Sunrise. Some of that volume will be a shift from where they're delivering gas today on other interstate pipelines, but they'll also be bringing on incremental production there. They had no net Marcellus wells come online in Q1. But right now, they're anticipating 20 net Marcellus wells in Q2 and about 60 in the second half of 2018. And all of that volume comes on our Northeast Gathering system. So, that definitely will be ramping up to fill Atlantic Sunrise. And they've stated publicly that they intend to fill that volume nearly from day one as soon as we're able to bring the project online.
Michael G. Dunn: Yeah. Christine, I can do that. This is Michael Dunn. During the past year, we have been working very closely with the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation to satisfy the conditions necessary for issuance of that Water Quality Certification. They did inform us prior to the denial that they needed additional time to complete their review. There is a statutory period, and you probably recall this one-year period that if they don't act, there could be a waiver be deemed to occur. And so, in order for them to allow more time for their review, they did deny that permit, but we certainly have every right and every intention to re-file that permit, and the whole support of our customer National Grid. Now, assuming we still get the Water Quality Certification and all data permits and FERC approvals in the same timeframe, it really wouldn't have any impact on the schedule. We do intend to re-file that in the next several weeks, and assuming that New York continues its review, which we think that it will, we will be able to continue on with the project schedule. It's a critical project for New York City National Grid, certainly needs it in order to continue converting the fuel oil that's burned there into natural gas units. And right now, our project would displace about 3 million gallons of heating oil every year and that would reduce CO2 emissions by up to 2.4 million tons per year. So, we certainly think it's a much needed project and National Grid certainly needs it to continue their conversion activities there in the Northeast.
Michael G. Dunn: Yeah. I'd say the winter impacts there were very minimal. I just mentioned them because it's unusual to have those winter impacts in those areas for us. And I would just say the Haynesville ramp up was a very significant last year for us, if you recall us talking about that last quarter. And the rig activity there is still there. I think just we talked about other wells that they brought online just this week in the Haynesville, which is pretty significant lateral length there, so we would expect pretty significant production on an initial production rate from that well. So, we're still seeing activity there and we expect them to have significant activity in the Eagle Ford as they talked about on their call yesterday as well. But there's also a lot of activity occurring in the Powder River Basin with a lot of producers up there seeing some interest in that area and we're fairly well-positioned with our partnership there with Crestwood to take advantage of that as those opportunities arise.
Michael G. Dunn: Right now, as Alan said, we had a tough winter up there. Anybody that's residing in the Northeast knows how tough it was, and a lot of snow and rain on the right of way, but the contractors have done a great job progressing through the winter. And as Alan indicated, we're looking at a mid-2018 in-service. Compressor stations are coming along and looking very good from a schedule standpoint as well as the pipeline right of way. We've got four of the six horizontal directional drills completed. The other two, we should have pull-back here in the next two weeks on those and we are starting hydro tests. So, it's really weather-dependent now. We're targeting an in-service date, and we're plus or minus weeks on either side of that date right now and it's really all driven by getting some good weather in the Northeast, and we'll make some really good progress as soon as the weather breaks up there for us.
Michael G. Dunn: Craig, this is Michael Dunn. I would say there are challenging locations for us to permit projects, but it still doesn't negate the need for this project specifically. This is a very important project for New York and the Northeast. And I will just tell you from what we saw over the winter and all of the Northeast that two week cold spell that was in New England between just after Christmas through the New Year, they burned more fuel oil in those two weeks than they did in all of 2016 and had to import Russian LNG into Boston. And I will tell you that somewhat ridiculous whenever you have the cheapest gas in the world, just a few hundred miles away, they can get to those markets. And so, we think there is really a need up there. The New York City Housing Authority this winter had some really difficult times, keeping their buildings heated and with hot water serviced just because of the failing equipment there on the boilers and the fuel oil systems. And they really need to be upgraded and they need to be upgraded with natural gas to reduce emissions and reduce costs for the citizens in those areas. So, it is a challenge to permit projects. There's no doubt about that, but we're going to be out there and with our customers, challenging those opportunities and making sure that we get a real definitive purpose and need out there into the public hands and get our projects permitted.
John D. Chandler: And Jeremy, one other thing I'd add to that point too in the West, we talked on our last – this is John Chandler, we talked on our last earnings call about the new revenue recognition standards, and in the West particularly that's where we've had a number of previously settled MVCs and other things where we received prepayments. And under the new revenue recognition standards, we're extending the amortization that over a longer period of time. So, there was just a pure book step down. It wasn't really a cash step down between the fourth quarter and the first quarter, probably to the tune of $20 million to $30 million between those period. So, there was a big step down related to non-cash revenue recognition items.
John D. Chandler: Now just to be clear though at the same time, if you think about kind of the two steps to our accumulated deferred income tax, there's of course the regulatory liability (00:20:53) the year-end relative to going from 35% to 21%. That would still be subject to possibly providing great relief back to the shippers, but that was part of our guidance when we talked last quarter that we believe we could still file for a rate increase even with that in mind on Transco. As it relates to the March 15 filing, we'll still be a corporate tax payer and we believe that that the deferred tax liability will still be out there and still be payable by the company. So, we don't feel like that has any rate implications. And at the same time, I don't believe we will be eliminated either.
John D. Chandler: Yeah. I think that would be the outcome if that were the – if at the end of the day it was – it were in the MLP, you'd have an additional regulatory liability, yes.
John D. Chandler: And I would also say though that's subject to the notice of inquiry. It's not completely clear yet how the FERC intends to handle that. So, various regulated entities are responding to that NOI. So, I think it's still subject to that.
John D. Chandler: But to the extent that the FERC follows kind of the same approach that is there on the 35% to 21% move, then yeah, you could expect that to happen.
John D. Chandler: Not really on that front, but I would tell you this, I've had an opportunity to talk to rating agency, obviously having been new here at Williams – this is John Chandler again. Having been new here at Williams and now eight months in, I've had an opportunity to talk to the rating agencies just to kind of reaffirm my view of what is BBB, Baa2 and I think it's consistent with what I felt it is, somewhere inside 4.75 times and ultimately down to 4.5 times. So, I think as a long-term view on a consolidated basis, we desire to be BBB flat, Baa2. But it's certainly clear in my mind today too that we may not be totally at that level, but we're certainly investment grade on a consolidated basis. We're certainly at Baa3, BBB flat with a lot of capacity there.
John D. Chandler: I think given the fact – this is John Chandler again. I think given the fact that the revenue stream is highly predictable, because it's firm capacity, when that project is in service, I do believe we'll be given credit, at least somewhat of a pro forma full credit for Atlantic Sunrise.
John D. Chandler: Well, I think the FERC NOPR suggested that companies will be required to come in and explain how they're going to address the NOPR of course. We would address it that it was addressed specifically in our tariff and it does provide for the 35% to 21% tax rate reduction. And by the time we get to that point of actually doing that, we expect also be able to say that Northwest Pipe is part of a corporate tax paying entity depending on whatever structure we put in place to make that happen. So, we do believe potentially that there would be some communication with the FERC, but we don't think we have to follow the traditional process that others are going through since we have a settled rate case that specifically addressed this.
John D. Chandler: I mean, we're continuing to look at that. I think the one thing that still leaves a little bit of a question mark in our mind is the fact that today obviously WPZ has owned 74% by corporate tax payer. And so, I think in those other transactions – I mean we are looking specifically at that to see what happens in that scenario. And we're not clear at this point whether or not the material ownership by Williams of WPZ impacts that calculation at all. So, there's other scenarios that I think Christine was talking about. I'm not sure what the level of ownership was by a corporate paying parent versus the public, and so, I think the notion is that to buy-in or roll-up, there is a payment of all taxes due by the unitholders, and I think we're just processing through what that means relative to our specific scenario where 74% of the partnerships owned by a corporation.
