Alan S. Armstrong: Sure. We've gotten through all the work with DEQ with New York and that was kind of our final barrier up there. We are working with the Governor's Office to understand what – the cause of delay of getting that permit out, but that is kind of the final issue that we're waiting on. And so we're working to understand that. A lot of great work going on by the teams there to get the – past the requirement for the New York DEC (27:46), but we think we've gotten there. So really just up against getting the Governor's Office to sign off on that and then we'll be in a position to get that done for the fourth quarter of 2016.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. Great question. Well, I'd tell you that, that PDH project is very, very unique from our perspective, and that it's taking advantage of very low-cost propylene that's already in the area as well as the propylene that we would make with the new PDH facility. And so we, for quite some time, wanted to see polypropylene unit and downstream derivatives be developed in the area, because it's just a logistics game. So today a lot of that propylene is going into the Gulf Coast being converted into various derivatives, in particularly polypropylene, and then being railed back up into the Midwest market. And so this project takes advantage of that low-cost propane there in the basin and low-cost propylene that comes directly off of those big delayed cokers in the oil sands and then just transports it in directly into those Midwest markets and also will have access to international market out of places like Port of Vancouver. So really excited to be teamed up with the Goradia Capital Group and a huge marketer of derivative projects – derivative products around the world, and really excited to have them as a partner there. And I would tell you, the next available project to us is clearly a PDH 2 facility there and they're very interested in that and we certainly have plenty of product, as we continue to expand our upstreams oil sands operations, we've got a lot of propylene that we want to find a better home for than having to be railed into the Gulf Coast. So I would just tell you it really is a logistics play for us. We're not depending on the kind of propane basis differential that we've been living on up there, but we do expect the propane to be long there in Canada for quite some time and we really look to all kinds of alternatives for other uses of the propane and other logistics for the propane and really excited PDH is a great answer up there, especially with somebody coming – partnering with us to develop the derivative business for us. So exciting opportunity, not just for us, but really for the province of Alberta and allows them to take advantage of their very low-cost resources in that basin as well.
Alan S. Armstrong: Christine, I would actually say – I'll separate that. The maintenance capital piece, a number of drivers on that, but we still have a lot of maintenance capital work out in front of us. And just so you know kind of how we forecast that, a lot of that maintenance capital is invested in the inspection and improvement of our pipeline system. And so we go through the smart pigging process and we basically have to estimate the number of repairs or anomalies that we'll find when we do that inspection; and so that's how we do that. When we don't have as many anomalies show up or as many repairs required, then we don't have as much maintenance capital to spend. And so we still have quite a bit of inspection in front of us for the balance of the year and we would expect that maintenance capital continue to be pretty strong going into the fourth quarter. But clearly, it's a matter of us estimating at the first of the year (33:07) the amount of work we think we're going to have. And when we don't find those anomalies, then that's the money that we put back in our pocket, so to speak. But we have a lot of work out in front of us for both the third quarter and – sorry, into the fourth quarter and into 2016. On the growth capital side, that is somewhat driven by things like we would have hoped to have been started on Constitution by now, for instance. And so that is projects like that. But there are a lot of projects that we actually are seeing lower costs come in. And so, up in the Northeast, for instance, on our build-out in the Susquehanna County area, the capital – the team has been doing a great job up there, bringing in costs lower and as well on Atlantic Sunrise; we've continued to enjoy cost savings on that big project as well. So I would say the delay component is probably -that's built in there, is probably Constitution, and but there are some pretty substantial savings that are coming through in our numbers as well.
Alan S. Armstrong: Well, I would just add to that. Thank you for the question. I would just add to that, certainly, as Jim mentioned, in the near-term, we have the Leidy Southeast, that's 525 million a day. So that's pretty substantial. Because a lot of that Northeast volume is gathered by our system, we should expect to see some of that relief parlayed (42:17) directly to our gathering assets up there. As well, I would just say, as you mentioned, we are in a fairly warm shoulder here and certainly in the cold – not just for the sake of gas prices in the Northeast, but as well for NGL prices and particularly propane, we'll see some relief during the winter like we always do as that propane is called on to deliver local markets rather than it being transported from the South, the way it used to be.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. I'll take it. I don't know if we have Rory on line, he may want to provide some more detail, but – no, it really was just a matter of these big projects really starting to mount up and it really was a matter of having a full quarter. There really wasn't any seasonal issues. In fact, volumes on Transco on a, just a throughput basis were actually a little bit lighter and that's just based on moderate weather relative to last year's moderate weather. And remember, we don't really make the – Transco doesn't get driven up/down (43:43) all that much by seasonal just because all the capacity is sold out firm and so it really doesn't move with throughput (43:53). But the answer to your question is, no, there was nothing seasonal about it, it's just these big projects are starting to pile up (43:59).
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. I would say in the case of the Susquehanna Supply Hub, a couple of things: that team has really worked hard to take advantage of the scale of the installation of our compression and our gathering lines up there, and they've worked very hard with the Access team to really pull together our very best thoughts about the way to put infill compression, and so that kind of thinking is really starting to pay off for us out there, and just a real intense focus on tight project controls and execution. So without any doubt in my mind in the Susquehanna Supply Hub area, it is better execution by our team and years of focusing on better projects execution really starting to pay off up there. And that really – it's really nice to see the teams bringing the best ideas of both organizations together and really showing up in a tangible way there. On Atlantic Sunrise, I would just say that given the uncertainties that we've seen in putting in these big infrastructure projects – we've built in quite a bit of contingency into these projects, and as we deliver those projects we are able to – and start to have some of those things quantified, we're able to reduce some of that contingency. What we also did see is, as we announced earlier, we did see some lower cost on materials particularly pipe and so it's a little bit of both on Atlantic Sunrise, I would argue.
Alan S. Armstrong: I'll go ahead and take that real quickly. As to the costs, we're not going to disclose that until we go for our FID on that. And so really good work done by fine-tuning our estimates. And we do think it's a good time to be building up there, but we've certainly looked around the industry and seen what's going on on several of the other PDH projects and have been careful to take note of that as we continue to refine our estimates up there. So I would say that we've had kind of two things. On one hand we've been taking note of some of the project cost across the industry on that; and on the other hand, we are seeing favorable conditions in Alberta, but we really don't want to book that, if you will, into our estimate, and are hopeful that will provide some upside on our costs there. So big investment and we'll be providing – we're not going to be providing that number just yet until we get to the FID report, at least further along. On the gap in timing for PDH 2, really good question. That's a difficult issue, because you don't want to change scope in the middle of your project. I would tell you we have done a lot to make sure that when we do put in the PDH 2 or if we get to that decision that we've got all the space and auxiliary and the planning both on the propylene side and on the polypropylene side thought through, so I would just say we're making investment thinking about the future for PDH 2. And we do think the returns for PDH 2 project would be very attractive, but we're really just trying to keep our focus tightly on the scope of PDH 1 to start with. So I'd just say we're not ready to bring forth a PDH 2 decision just yet, but we are planning for the future.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. Good question. I would say really the party that will be having the lion's share of that exposure obviously would be our partner who would be in the business of marketing that product, polypropylene product, and certainly that's their expertise. And I think they're really excited about the markets they think this very low-cost supply can get into. From our vantage point, we're going to be very focused on producing propylene at a low cost and into that contract that is a fee-based contract. And so that's what we're going to be very focused on. And while we do have some exposure to the profitability over the time of that, primarily our focus is going to be on just driving volumes at a low cost and selling them to a fee-based contract.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. I would just say we've been looking at a number of alternatives on that project. The thing that we – the two drivers, I would tell you is, this continued demand for natural gas in the Southeast and power generation markets and Transco being so uniquely positioned to be able to expand cheaply out of Station 165 to the South. And so that's a huge carrot, if you will, that we have uniquely available to us and we're using that to bring forward the very best project for the market. So I would just say it's pretty fluid, but that's a very – almost immovable opportunity, if you will, that is uniquely ours and provides us an ability to enter into the very best project but we want to make sure we can maximize that value after all the other investments have been made. So that's the first piece of that. Second piece of that, I would say, is that the kind of volumes that we're seeing from the dry Utica are just continuing to impress us and some tremendous volumes up there that we think are going to – cost is going to continue to lower on, and those are the drivers. So I would just say, we think the need for this project will be out there and we think we've got some unique positions that allow us to maximize the profitability when we do decide to invest in that project.
Alan S. Armstrong: Thank you. I don't want to be too specific, but, first of all, for 2016 and 2017, as we mentioned earlier, our cash flow from the MVC has not changed, so there really is no change on that. And relative to the obligation to drill, that is a firm obligation and there isn't any out for pricing (57:51).
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. So that really was really great trade for both of us on that. We allowed them to bring – combine those fields and allow them to put the best economics to work on their capital, but in exchange to that we both got a longer-term and better expectations for volumes and growth (58:39) in the future. So really (58:40) to find a winner and a loser on that, but I would just tell you from my vantage point, and believe me we've studied it hard that really, really is a win-win. And it only makes sense that there is, because when you're forcing people to make uneconomic capital decisions and you allow them to make better capital decisions you improve the lot (59:00) for both parties.
Alan S. Armstrong: I would just say that we're – we think those were the bulk of the opportunities, but we'll continue to look for opportunities if there are growth opportunities. And so always, always happy to work with them, great relationship developed there, and we're very, very thankful to have them as a customer. We think they're a great operator and have been very fair to work with. So we'll continue to look for opportunities, but we don't have anything immediately to offer on.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. Sure. I'd just say that the producers just continue to find ways to bring in additional production out there as well with very, very few rigs running. But continue to find ways to do that, and as well are being very efficient with that. We are seeing some things that are pretty interesting out there in terms of new development. But I think our hope for that right now is to just – in the current pricing environment is to keep driving our unit costs low and keep the volumes as flat as possible, is kind of our expectation. The good news about the West relative to what we're seeing in the East is that, there's plenty of takeaway capacity, plenty of infrastructure, the gathering and processing costs are relatively low because it's older infrastructure that was built in a different pricing era. And so the variable cost or the cash cost to the producer to produce is relatively low. So we really just haven't – and we've seen very – we've seen a very small almost insignificant amount of ice-related shut-in, just like we would in any winter or shoulder month in the West. But overall, it's a very low cost place for variable production. And so we really don't expect a whole lot of change out there. So lots of reserves, lots of known reserves, and I think if we do see a price signal producers are ready to jump on it, but we're not expecting anything dramatic out of the area. And really proud of the team for working hard to keep our cash flows as steady as they have, considering how low NGL margins have been out (01:04:02).
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. Great question. I would just say that we're really excited about that acreage dedication and think that once the infrastructure demand, or – sorry, the infrastructure constraints are lifted out there and the firm obligations that various customers have out there, they'll be working to take advantage of that firm capacity that they have, and so feel pretty good about the prospects of that. But I also would say that the way we're structured on that, we're not obligated to go spend that money out in front of the production showing up, and so we have an ability to step into that. So we're not going to be out spending capital in front of that drilling from a risk standpoint. But we do think that's a very, very good acreage, some really impressive cost levels available to it. And so we're really excited. We've got a very good vantage point of what people's production versus cost levels are. We're very excited about that acreage.
Alan S. Armstrong: Okay, great. Well, thank you everybody for joining us this morning. We really appreciate the interest and appreciate you respecting the scope of our discussion this morning as well. So thank you for that. Also just want to say big thanks to the team here at Williams, great execution, and just a lot of great focus on delivering a strategy that we had before us, and appreciate all their attention to focus despite the many distractions that we've had. So with that, thanks again for joining us this morning and have a good day.
John R. Dearborn: Yeah. Sure. I'd be glad to, Alan. Thanks. And Craig here is where we are. You'll notice in our results we're reporting that Geismar's running at – we sold about 404 million pounds this quarter. I'll remind you that that's WPZ's share of Geismar, so Geismar actually sold more closer to – or produced closer to 450 million pounds, between 450 million pounds and 460 million pounds in this quarter. We have been running a bit of propane as a feedstock as we bring the plant back into operation. And so there's about another 18 million pounds of propylene that we've been producing there. Net-net, when you add all that up and make some adjustments and simplifying assumptions, so you can calculate a utilization rate we, over the quarter, ran about an average of 98%. But let me take you a little further on that. We're extraordinarily pleased with the Geismar team, the Geismar family there, because they have been setting production records that are yet in excess of that and we have a bit of upside yet to be found in that. We have two transformers that are yet scheduled to be replaced in next year that could help the team to further hone or find some increments. So I would say setting the expectation, we have a little bit of upside yet on volume out of Geismar, but it's running extraordinarily well here during this quarter and we're really grateful of the team and all the efforts they put into restoring the safe and reliable operations of that unit.
John R. Dearborn: Sure. Glad to do that. Great question and thanks for it, Ted. I guess the run rate, if I thought about the earnings in the absence of any commodity price volatility, the earnings would be a reasonable run rate to look at for the business coming through this quarter. As I think Alan mentioned, Geismar is contributing. NGL services had a reasonably good quarter for NGL services in Canada with its commodity exposure, was probably third on the list there. As you're looking at the costs, we may have experienced some costs in this quarter that are just slightly higher than we would have expected for particularly the Geismar unit, but that would be on the order of just a few million dollars, so I wouldn't expect the costs to be hugely different going forward as the run rate goes, Ted. Hope that answers your question.
John R. Dearborn: And the design of the drilling obligation was to ensure that the volumes as the 2017 period ended were at a relatively high level.
John R. Dearborn: Sure. Glad to take it and thanks for the question. Yeah. First of all, we're really pleased to be serving customers again back in Louisiana. It just so happened that as we brought Geismar back on, so did Evangeline come on, and so the market was well served. And I think looking back over our shoulder here, in the last quarter, the ethylene market was well served by production in that there were very few shutdowns or unexpected shutdowns. And I think in at least one of the months – say it was July, we saw industry-high production. So I think all of that lead to perhaps a bit of an oversupply or a slightly long market in ethylene and the necessary price adjustments that occurred during the quarter. I'll note, though, that over the last weeks, two weeks notionally, we recovered some of that price. It's come back up probably on the order of about $0.05 at this point. And so just to take the conversation a little further forward to answer your question, finally, as we look forward and we look into, we call it, the second quarter of next year, a couple of factors that'll play positively is a very high turnaround season. And I think another factor that will play positively is relatively low inventories of ethylene by any public accounting. So I'm certain that people are doing exchanges to fill their needs in next year, but low inventories and high shutdown rates, planned shutdown rates certainly bode well for the supply/demand balance, I think, in our favor. I hope that brings the necessary coloring; that's the way we see things playing out here over the next couple of quarters.
John R. Dearborn: Yeah. Thanks. Forgot to mention on that. We're always in the marketplace looking to secure the best value for our ethylene out there and we have been in conversations in past – I'll say, past quarters, including this last quarter, and we continue to have conversations with customers over whether or not they desire to enter into any sort of contracts, all in, including fee-for-service contracts and so trying to lock in some of the margins into the future. Of course, in this dynamic price environment, everyone sits across the table with kind of rubber guns pointed at each other, and we'll see where those negotiations go over time. But we're always looking, when it would appear to be favorable to us, to lock up solid volumes and solid margins on Geismar 1.
