Alan S. Armstrong: Good question, Jean. I would tell you that the pricing on that was pretty similar to our earlier pricing. I think the area that we did provide some incentive on was for the Utica volumes. But we do have a great service offer up there and we certainly offered that because we have existing capacity there with OVM. So I would just tell you we're very pleased with the pricing on that and provides us a very high incremental return in that area. Having said that, of course we've invested a lot of money in the first place up there so you would expect those higher returns. So overall, I think we priced it about like we expected. It's just that we've got so much latent capacity to use there, that we've got a big incremental initial cash flows that come off of that business as a result of the available capacity we have in the area.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. Maybe another way to think about it, I would just say we have a very attractive project that just utilizes the capacity on the system, and one that certainly rivals any other project that we have on the system from a return standpoint. But we really want to make sure, because there's very limited amount of that very precious capacity coming south, and the more capacity we do the more expensive it gets, and so it's kind of a reverse economies of scale on that just because it requires more and more capital investment as we expand that capacity. And so we want to make sure that we're getting everything we can out of that investment, including strategic benefits that would include connections to low-cost reserves. And so a great work by the team. We're really working well with a number of players on that. I would tell you I'm pretty optimistic, but the good news is we have the Southeastern Trail project if we choose to go forward with that. That is in hand and we're prepared to do that if we can't get the other deals done on a timely enough basis.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. We certainly did see some degree of curtailment like we often do during the shoulder months, and prices certainly were very depressed because there was very little local load. So if you think about what drives the volumes inside the circle, if you will, or within that region, the weather pattern was very mild there, and so very little local load there this third quarter which will obviously put a lot of pressure on basis. I think in addition to that, we had a lot of people building up reserve and expecting Rover to be on schedule, on-time, and that's hard to plan for when it moved as dramatically back as it did. So you probably had a lot of capital investment ahead of that that was too late to turn it back. So we probably had a little more production, a little more gas-on-gas competition, without any real exit from the area, just kind of moved the circle out a little bit but not really in each market. And so I think that it's going to take some of the projects that Colombia has and then ultimately Atlantic Sunrise, and of course finally when Rover gets in the first quarter, gets out into some new markets, to really see that ease. However, we always see here in the fourth quarter and the first quarter, if we get some normalized weather, we will see the basis differential flatten out just because the local load will be coming on. And in addition to that, I would say we are seeing some new power plant load that'll be coming on next year. And so those are all positive things that are moving us forward towards better basis differential, but certainly the third quarter is pretty painful and we did see some volume shut-ins on our systems.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. Great question. I would say in the West that the Haynesville is probably just slightly above our average on unit margins against all of our other West gathering business. And so it's a very attractive basin for us to see growth, especially at the level it's been growing, so that's very positive. The other part of your question was other areas. I think we had five of our western areas that we saw sequential growth in, and so we are seeing some turnaround in some of those areas. I would say the areas that probably we would expect to see growth – have the most impact would probably be the Haynesville, the Eagle Ford, and the Wamsutter area, particularly as we get into 2018 on Wamsutter because there's a lot of activity going on in that basin that will turn that around as well. So but I think that's probably about the best explanation I can give you on that. So overall though, I think as we mentioned last quarter, we were seeing some of those areas bottom out and start to turn around, and that's exactly what happened.
Alan S. Armstrong: I do not have that number for you. I think you can call Brett or John to get a little more detail on that. But you are correct, that that actual contract would've started there upon the sale of that asset. So, but bottom line, that plant is running well and we're serving with ethane volumes. Obviously a choppy quarter because of the hurricane, and we did have some impact on a couple of our pump stations on that system due to the hurricane. But overall, the relationship with NOVA is going very well and we're providing them a lot of ethane.
Alan S. Armstrong: Well, yeah. You named two of the areas that saw some of that uplift. And as well as I mentioned, looking broader, OVM obviously saw a pretty good step up as well as the Southwestern volumes got added during the third quarter.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah, Piceance. We also saw WPX volumes in the San Juan Basin lift up a little bit as well. So we also saw some positive processing business from WPX as volumes raising in the San Juan Basin as well, so pretty well across the board. We saw a pretty good movement. Probably the one area that we didn't see much increase was in the Southwest Wyoming area, which is at our Opal facility.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. Let us provide some detail for you on that, Christine. I think the bottom line, we did see the Piceance pick up, we have seen the Niobrara picking up. And looking at kind of beginning of the quarter and to end of the quarter, the pretty dramatic increase in the Northeast as we mentioned. I realize your question is just to the West. But, really, I think the majority of the increases in the West were pretty moderate in terms of processing volume, and that's with the exception of the Southwest Wyoming area.
Alan S. Armstrong: Well if you're talking about overall West volumes, so maybe just narrowing it to the Wamsutter area, we certainly expect some increase going into 2018 there and, importantly, a lot of liquids volumes on both the condensate side, which we gather, as well as the gas and NGL side; there'll be quite a bit of growth there. If you broaden that question to the overall West, then I do think that we'll continue to see volume growth in the Haynesville even though we're going to get up on limitations of our capacity there pretty quickly in the Haynesville. We'll be looking for expansion opportunities on top of that. We're going to see the Eagle Ford continue to grow, and we are seeing growth in the Piceance as well and the Niobrara. Of course, that is offset by places like the Barnett and the Mid-Continent and, to a lesser degree, probably continued decline in the San Juan Basin as well. So I think that's the picture I would offer you there. But overall I mean, the Haynesville volume growth is very impressive. I wouldn't expect to see another 30% growth next year just because we're going to be so tapped out on capacity on our side, but we would expect growth from 2017 to 2018.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. Well we already have a very extensive relationship with Southwestern there because recall that was – a lot of that acreage was former Chesapeake acreage, and so we were already gathering a lot of that acreage but we weren't processing it. And so because recall Access didn't have a processing arm, and so that gas was gathered into competitors' processing systems. And so our relationship with Southwestern that we've been working on, where we reform contracts out there and made them much more attractive contracts than what they had under the former Access-Chesapeake arrangement that we announced earlier in the year, I would say started that relationship off on the right foot. We also provide services to Southwestern up in Northeastern Pennsylvania, and we've been very successful there helping them find excess capacity in that area as well. So I would tell you, our teams have worked really hard. They have a very dependable and reliable relationship with Southwestern, and I would say they form some contracts that are very aligned to both parties' interest. But it really spurred off of the fact that we had the opportunity to serve them and serve them well on the gathering side already is really what enabled that relationship to expand.
Alan S. Armstrong: No. It's a tariff contract, and so it has FERC tariffs on it. And it has discounted rates from the original dedications that both ONEOK and Williams enjoy. In terms of the way the capacity is allocated, it looks back to prior periods to establish your allocation. So basically build allocation capacity with your flow rates, and so whoever's been in it the longest with the most volumes and the longest has the capacity allocation.
Alan S. Armstrong: Generally, that is correct, Danilo. That's right. There's a little bit but there's very little available. It's running pretty full already.
Alan S. Armstrong: We haven't put that out there. And I would tell you, there's a variety of options that our teams are pursuing right now. But it's a sizable investment but we haven't put a number out there on that.
Alan S. Armstrong: I would just say we've got such a great portfolio right now of high-return investment opportunities, that anything we do has got to compete with that. And so I think we've got our heads down very focused on developing the business that we do have. I would say that in areas like the Northeast, there is a lot of value in the consolidation of some of the joint ventures in the Northeast and we continue to look at that as we have for quite some time, I would say. And we continue to have a bid-ask spread between us and the various partners up there. But ultimately, I think that's something that we would certainly like to see happen but we're going to be very disciplined in what that CapEx investment is. But I'd say that that is very right in terms of that happening. You've got motivated sellers and certainly a lot of value in consolidation on our side, particularly in terms of the reduction of capital investment required to serve the growing volumes in the area.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yes. I would say the returns that we've talked about on Transco, in that range, and as well the very high incremental return I'm always quick to point out in the Northeast because we can't forget about the capital we had to invest to get those opportunities. But that is continuing to be the case in these regions where we have very strong competitive advantages. So I don't really see that changing at all right now.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. I would say the Chain Lake expansion that we did was relatively small; I think it was right around $50 million. And so I would tell you the plans are getting bigger out there for some of the players out there. Their appetites are getting pretty big, and so we're watching that very closely and we're beginning to plan alternatives with the producers out there in the area. So I do think there's going to be continued investments of probably that size and larger as we expand the facility. But remember, we have a very large condensate handling business there already that can handle a lot of that, but we also have a lot of latent capacity at our Wamsutter processing plant. So just like in the Northeast where we've got these higher incremental returns, we're enjoying the same kind of thing in the Northeast because we have that latent capacity sitting there at our Echo Springs processing complex.
Alan S. Armstrong: Continued great work by our team. Chad Zamarin, who has been heading up our efforts there with the federal agencies, has had some very productive meetings and continuing to push the ball forward on that. And so I would just say stay tuned. It's a pure upside to our plan, but we're encouraged by some of the commentary that we've got coming out of there. But still a relatively long put when you're having to fight a state as hard as we're going to have to fight that state to win that battle. So plenty of fight left in this dog and I think we're well-positioned for what we've got. We will have a fight I suspect.
Alan S. Armstrong: Sure. On the propane pricing, I would say that we do have some pretty attractive hedges in place here for the fourth quarter, and we've got a little bit going into the first quarter, propanes and some of our heavies. So I think we've got pretty good margins coming through on that. But as you know, it's just gotten to be such a relatively small piece of our overall business, that's not all that big. On the ethane front, I think we have about 50,000 barrels a day that we could be recovering that is not unrecovered. But as I mentioned earlier, some of that is back behind pipelines that are constrained like Overland Pass. Some of it is not, however, in the Gulf Coast, and so we could see some pull through. In fact we are seeing some ethane recovery but I think the margin will just be as high as it needs to get to pull the ethane in until we see ethane get really short, which I think we could see, and then it's going to have to drive a margin high enough to pull in and build capacity on things like Overland Pass for those barrels. So I suspect that's going to take a little bit for the market to really realize it's going to have to pay up for that ethane before it comes on. So we'd expect some to and fro in the ethane market as it tries to grab more capacity or more productive capacity. So some exposure but I would say we've got hedges on kind of in the mid-80 range on propanes here in the fourth quarter that will dampen some of that dollar of propane that you've seen it spike up to here and there.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yes. I think the areas that we're seeing right now that's most focused on is the dry Marcellus, the dry Utica, and the wet Marcellus. But probably I would say in order of economics right now because of the NGL whip that you mentioned just a while ago, we're seeing a lot of push into the wet Marcellus right now. And of course, the dry Marcellus is just such a terrific resource up in the Northeast, that we're going to continue to see that area grab any kind of capacity it can just because the margins are so high on that. I would say the one area that we've seen pull back a little bit is the rich Utica or the wet Utica is the one area we've seen pull back a little bit relative to the other opportunities.
Alan S. Armstrong: Okay. Thank you very much. Thanks everybody for the great questions. Really excited to see the kind of top line growth we saw this quarter from our retained businesses and very excited about the growth opportunities that are in front of us right now, and look forward to a strong fourth quarter here as well as we continue to see the projects that we've been putting online continue to contribute. So thanks for joining us and have a good day.
Michael G. Dunn: Yeah. First in the Northeast, a part of that was the true-up of a tax issue, and so I wouldn't say that that was obviously a run rate issue. But the majority of that Northeast was a portion of that as well as some additional work that we were doing for landslide mitigation that's not typical, and that's pretty lumpy work depending on when we see something we need to go out there and fix. So that's really what drove the issues in the Northeast. On the Atlantic-Gulf, and specifically on Transco, Alan touched on that earlier in his comment in regard to our integrity work that's underway there, and typically we see those costs every year rise in the third quarter because that's our opportunity to get the work done. And like a lot of our peers in the industry as well as our customer companies, there's a lot of integrity work underway across the U.S. on the natural gas infrastructure, and a lot of that's driven by either the regulations or the records reviews that a lot of companies are doing. And once you find issues within your records, and a lot of these pipes are quite old, and when you research those records you find that maybe you need to go out and do some hydro tests at some areas where you're not certain of the records covering the entire area where it was originally hydro tested. And so we've taken on a lot of that work this year and we would expect to see more of that work next year as we continue to go through those records as well as just our ongoing integrity management programs that we're undertaking across the assets. And that's really what we're seeing on the Transco system. I would say that quarter three is typically our higher quarter for spend, and you certainly can't extrapolate that across four quarters of a year to come up with an annualized number. It's pretty difficult if you look at our history, higher than third quarter.
Michael G. Dunn: Yeah. We're really pleased right now that we've started construction on the Central Penn Line, which is the key greenfield infrastructure for Atlantic Sunrise, and we are targeting at mid-2018 for completion of the work on that pipeline as well as our compressor stations. And I will tell you that obviously weather is a big factor there with the winter construction for the pipeline and compressor station, but we're off to a good start so far and we're still targeting, as far as our project teams are concerned, a mid-2018 in service date for the completion of the work. And then we'll be commissioning activities that occur after the mechanical completion of pipelines as well as the compressor stations. So as you are probably well aware, we typically risk-adjust the revenues that you would see coming through in our forecast. But right now, we're marching forward for a mid-2018 in service date for the facilities that we have underway right now.
Michael G. Dunn: Yeah. We still are holding at that number. We obviously keep some contingency within our project forecast to remedy any situations or issues that arise during construction. But we believe that's still a pretty good number.
Michael G. Dunn: You know, as usual, we'll wait and see if there are enough demand for projects. We do have some other projects we're looking at as well, expanding out of the basin, and so I think it is a little bit to be determined. So if you think about other projects like Constitution, probably be determined, that'll probably be the next expansion. And so I think people would kind of wait and see on that. We also have another couple of other projects that we haven't provided any announcement on that we're working on, that could serve to get volumes out of the basin as well. So I'd say those probably go first and, as you know, we get the existing project we're working on built before we talk about expansions on another one, and so that's where we stand today. But in terms of its expandability, certainly physically there is expansion opportunity on the system.
Michael G. Dunn: Yeah. There's a lot of new production coming on both in our Wamsutter area, in the Niobrara, both the Wyoming and DJ portion of the Niobrara, and of course the Bakken volumes that ONEOK gathers as well. So a lot of incremental demand for NGL capacity out of the area. And if you add to that an expectation of the ethane market and demand market growing, and expecting them to have to pull on ethane from these regions that today, while they have ethane recovery capability, there's not ethane takeaway capacity out of the area because the NGL lines are full. I think all of that leads to some expansion in the area, and certainly Overland Pass is very well-positioned to capture that expansion. So yes, a lot of activity going on on that front, and I think a lot of people are a bit surprised by the amount of volumes that are showing up coming out of these areas.
Michael G. Dunn: We're not providing guidance on that. But I would just tell you what we provided at Analyst Day, both in terms of those continued opportunities as well as the opportunities in the Northeast, continue to be pretty in line with what we're seeing in terms of growth opportunities for the future, so kind of steady as she goes and no big surprises there. I will tell you that we're in a very nice position to be allocating to the very best capital opportunities, and we're maintaining very high returns as a result of that. And so we do have a whole lot of opportunities, but we're being pretty disciplined about what we're investing in.
Michael G. Dunn: Good morning. At our Oak Grove facility, we currently have one TXP unit there and a portion of a second one that was built a while back, so we have latent capacity in the first one that will be filled and we do think that TXP-2 will be under construction sometime next year as well to handle that capacity. So there is some incremental CapEx there but a portion of that's already been spent with the portion that was already built, so I would see certainly some capital expenditures contributed to that effort. There's still capacity in some of our frac there, so I think we're okay for now on that in that regard, but certainly would expect to see some processing capacity expansion at Oak Grove next year.
Michael G. Dunn: Yeah. That's primarily some of the work we're doing for Southwestern with the agreement we had earlier this year. But the majority of it is for the Genesis expansion up in Northeast Pennsylvania to support Cabot in regard to their production coming online next year. So we would expect that that ramps up obviously in the fourth quarter this year as well. Just finishing up that work. We've got a couple of compressor stations under construction there as well as some pipeline interconnects and pipeline systems being built to support that expansion.
John D. Chandler: I think the answer is, yes. I mean, we obviously are generating today around $100 million of excess cash at WMB above our dividend. And as we look forward, we have about $300 million, I think, or $400 million on a revolver, so we'll continue to pay that down over the next several quarters. And then as we look towards our dividend growth in the future and the excess cash we'll have at the WMB level, I think our guidance is the same that we've given in the past that, yeah, we'll look towards buying in WPZ units, even perhaps co-investing in projects if those opportunities existed or buying in WMB or a dividend increase. With all of those things, I think are on the table. We haven't carved any of those out. We, of course, are watching tax code changes too, and we don't expect that to happen until quite a distance in the future as we think about dividend increases. So that would kind of, I think, control what we did on the dividend front, but I don't think we've ruled out any of those options that you mentioned.
John D. Chandler: No. I think in all cases, using tax code today and the amount of capital spend that we've got, we've got a fairly long window still, a period that we don't view that we'll have cash taxes at WMB. So I think we've got a long period that we can kind of wait to see this unfold. So hopefully that answers – we're not motivated to do anything quickly on that front.
John D. Chandler: Sure. I don't think we'd contemplate selling anything right now. We were approached I guess I should say on some assets in that market that made us look at some type curves again and re-evaluate the value of those Mid-Con assets. One comment I do want to make in that the write-down was a $1 billion write-down, but our estimate of fair value has not changed materially quarter-to-quarter for those assets. Those assets were actually written up, the book value of those assets were written up back in the 2014 to 2015 timeframe when we acquired the Access assets. Got it at a very different pricing environment, and of course that's materially changed today. So actually, during the quarter our fair value estimates for these assets have changed very insignificantly. What has changed is the overall view of undiscounted cash flows, and they fell a little bit below our carrying value that the assets carried on for our books, which made us write them down to fair value. So I just want to make it clear. We don't have a change of view relative to the assets for the quarter that they changed by $1 billion.
