Alan S. Armstrong: Great. Good morning, and thank you, Travis. First of all, we certainly had very noisy result from the EPS as we spun off WPX. But really boiling it down and looking at the continuing operations, you'll see that our adjusted segment profit versus our third quarter guidance came in right in between our midpoint and high that we've given you for a guidance there, so our continuing operation is performing very well in the fourth quarter and throughout 2011. As we look forward, a tremendous amount of new growth and you'll see that built in to both our guidance and capital, as well as our opportunity pipeline that we continue to project. And one of the -- probably the biggest area of change that we had in that opportunity pipeline was a large number of increases coming from our gas pipe segment as major expansions, particularly on Transco, and a little -- to a lesser degree, on Gulfstream, really start to present themselves as the industry and power generation industry look to take advantage of continued low natural gas prices. So very excited about the way we're positioned in that space, and our opportunity pipeline certainly demonstrates that. On guidance, you'll note a raise in guidance for both '12 and '13, and this is an improvement in our adjusted segment profit plus DD&A of about $40 million and 12 at midpoint and $120 million in 2013. In '12, the drivers there are slightly higher NGL margins, the addition of Laser to our guidance, as well as some offsetting impact of lower volumes in some of our areas due to lower gas prices and our expectation of slow drilling in some of those areas. So overall, an improvement in '12, though. In '13, you'll see even lower NGL margins than we had previously in our guidance there, and I'll speak to that in just a moment. But those were -- are offset in '13 by higher ethylene margins in our MC&O areas, so a nice raise there for '13. And I think it really shows the strength of our portfolio, and a big part of that strength is the growth in fee-based revenues that we continue to see in '11, we're going to see in '12, and we certainly are going to start to see present itself in '13. Speaking of commodity prices and our changes there, what you'll note there is very high crude-to-gas ratios reflecting kind of what we're seeing in the current market out there. We've got gas now at $3 for '12 and $3.75 for '13, and we've got crude holding steady at $100. However, despite that very high crude-to-gas ratio, much as we usually see when we see that ratio blow way out, we do not see the NGL components keeping pace with that big separation. And so you'll see a very low NGL-to-crude ratio in our forecast of about 45%. And that has us have our NGL margin declining from '11 through '13 of just a little over 15%. But as I said earlier, we are projecting our ethylene business, particularly in '13, starting to take advantage of those lower ethylene prices. So -- but despite what I would say is a very conservative outlook in the NGL margin space, we continue to show very strong cash flow growth and very bullish about the way our continued cash flows from both WPZ and our Midstream Canada and olefin segment is going. And I would just remind you, as you're looking out there amongst our peers, making sure you're looking at it on an apples-to-apples basis, we feel like we've got a pretty good insight into the commodity prices. But I think what's impressive is we've got continued nice strength in our growing cash flow despite a 15% decline in our NGL margin, and I think a lot of our peers would be hard-pressed to show that kind of resilience and strength in a lower price environment. So with that, we will turn it over to questions.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yes, that is a great question. I would tell you that first of all, first and foremost, we are going to make sure that we monetize -- we take full advantage of the great competitive advantage that we have in the oil sands area first. And I would tell you there's a tremendous amount of opportunity to not only capture that existing business but to grow that business further and be able to optimize the value of those streams even better. Our BB splitter that we did in August '10 is a great example of that where we're further optimizing the value of those streams. I would tell you that from our vantage point, that a lot of the oil sands operations are fairly immature in terms of optimizing the value of those resources. And so things like hydrogen that is in big demand out there and will continue to be in big demand. Helium transfer, we think there's a lot of services up there that we have a lot of room to grow that business in. And so I would tell you, we're going to seek out those areas where we have the largest competitive advantages and provide us the highest return. And I would say some of those more competitive areas are going to have a hard time competing with those opportunities. Having said that, we certainly keep our eyes open if we think that some of those projects could demand a return that's competing with our other opportunities that we have both in the U.S. and in Canada.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yes, I'll take that second question, Becca while. Rory's gathering his info for your first one. I would say that certainly, the current environment has got us a little bearish on that. But I'll also tell you that if you just look historically, if you look at the gas-to-crude ratio or crude-to-gas ratio, and you realize how high that is relative to historical, there is an inverse relationship, generally, that occurs between high crude-to-gas ratio and the NGL-to-crude number. And so even though it seems unprecedented low number on that NGL to crude, we also are unprecedented crude-to-gas ratios as well. And so if you look at the overall margin, I'm not sure that it's that far out of line. And so -- but certainly, the current environment, the very warm winter that we're having, certainly is impacting propane storage. And propane is just as exposed to that as natural gas is. And so that could be a hangover certainly in '12. I think, '13 it's a little early to call, frankly, and we may be a little bit conservative in '13. But I think as we look for both ethane for the balance of this first half of '12 and propane for the balance of the year, that we could see some pressure there just because of what we're seeing in storage volumes on propane right now.
Alan S. Armstrong: Okay, great. Well, thank you very much. As we said, we think we continue to have rock solid growth, and it's certainly not dependent on a rising commodity price environment. And if we get some of that and we start to see that at the back half of '12 or '13, we certainly will improve beyond these numbers considerably that we've got it guided for. We're very comfortable with what we have out there, and we think this is great growth in both the cash flows and the dividend that we can continue to produce. And so we're excited about what we have before us, and it's going to be a matter of prioritizing all of these great opportunities to continue to make sure we're executing as well as we have to date. So, thank you again for joining us, and we look forward to talking to you in the future.
Rory Miller: I'll take that. This is Rory. We had a 10-day shutdown at Geismar. We had a problem with a missed pad there and that accounted for the lower volumes there in the fourth quarter. So that's something, obviously, that we're not planning for in '12, so you shouldn't put too much stock in that. Prospects for volume growth ahead of the expansion of the facility, I expect -- or I suspect that you're talking about the major 600-pound expansion that we've announced. We do have some furnace upgrades that are ongoing. Those are being done one at a time. And so we will see some very slow volume growth across the period as those furnaces are reconfigured and brought back up. But the big jump will come in '13 when we bring up the major expansion.
Rory Miller: Yes, we have a turnaround planned, and our intent is that we would coordinate the activity as much as possible to limit any additional downtime associated with the expansion.
Rory Miller: Yes, yes. Good question there. I think any of the slowdowns that we're seeing, I think, we already have priced into our guidance. I'll just note that upfront. Out West, we're not seeing massive pullbacks of drilling, but we are seeing some moderation in the drilling out there. We've got one rig that we've just heard of. It's being laid down in Wamsutter, but everything else is still moving ahead. Generally speaking, say, from quarter-to-quarter, we're seeing a little softening in the drilling. But I guess, that -- one point I would make is if we do see fewer well connects for the year, we'll also see less well connect costs. So we think, at least, from a PZ standpoint, any slowdowns near-term ought to be DCF-neutral to PZ, and of course, that impacts WMB directly as we get those distributions.
Rory Miller: Yes, the Laser system acquisition, which I'm sure you've heard, has closed, is being looked at as what I call an integrated system. I think we're, in fact, we're going to be disallowed from using that name shortly. But one of the big values from Laser is it's coming into our complex up there to be operated and run as part of an integrated, holistic system. And so we'll be referring to that area up there as the Susquehanna Supply Hub. The project was, I would say, was -- the purchase price was more like what you would typically see on acquisitions in the Midstream space. We're -- if you're looking at guidance just for PZ, that's probably going to contribute about $25 million of segment operating profit in '12 and about $50 million in '13. That's the net impact. There's a little other noise in there, but we see that as being a nice driver overall in terms of improving segment profit and a big help just in general to that overall complex in the area.
Rory Miller: I'll take that. This is Rory. If you look at '13 and focus on that, we're down about $0.11 on our ethane assumption and up about $0.04 on our ethylene, which is driving about a $50 million increase in segment profit there. That's kind of the long and short of it. I don't know if that's helpful but we...
Rory Miller: Yes, I think the good news there is if -- and I'm not going to get into a lot of contractual detail on our offtake agreements, but right now, we have a pretty high percentage of our agreements that do have collars on them, and so we're not getting full exposure to that pure spot market margin, which today, is around EUR 40 -- maybe even a little more than GBP 0.40. Most of those are rolling off, and so we'll have contracting flexibility in '13. And we'll -- we haven't made those decisions yet, exactly how we're going to play that, but at the end of the day, you want exposure to that margin and you want certainty of takes. So that's kind of the trade-off there.
Rory Miller: That's definitely part of it. We've got a much smaller percentage of our offtake that's purely exposed to that at spot margin without some kind of limiting collar.
Rory Miller: Yes, well, it certainly doesn't help. The Rockies barrel does have a fairly decent percentage of ethane in it. But I think what I would say generally speaking, the lack or the slowdown in drilling that we expect to see, we've already got in our guidance. I think that impact has already been accounted for. I think the uptick or the strengthening that we're likely to see for ethane in the second half of '12 will help. And -- but I think generally speaking, we've got that impact and that effect already dialed into our guidance.
Rory Miller: I think that in the Piceance basin in general, there will be some drilling slowdown there. I think WPX, in particular, has already made some comments about that. The good news I think there is we do have some Mancos acreage under contract out there, and that's kind of where I see a lot of the backfill coming and some of the interest building out there. There's some rich gas windows and possibly even some crude oil Windows in the Mancos and Piceance. And if we do have any slowdown here in the front-end, I think we've got a chance to backfill that eventually with Mancos rich gas production.
Rory Miller: Becca, just getting back to your question, and you stated it real accurately that there are a lot of moving parts up there on Laser and Springville and the way that they're priced. It gets a little confusing, too. But I think that the thing that we have given some guidance on is kind of where our total capacity is going with Springville. Right now, we're in the 300 range. We'll be going up to 625, 650 over the course of the year on Springville. Laser is going to be up around 1.3 billion a day of capacity. And then Randy talked about the $500 million in a Constitution project. And we also have about $500 million a day of inter-connectivity with Tennessee Gas Pipeline in that field. So that kind of adds up to that 3 Bcf a day of takeaway capacity. And maybe what you ought to keep in mind is that, that is one of the limitations out there. So producers are out scrambling to get takeaway capacity and then drilling to fill that, evidenced by Cabot's willingness to take the full 500 on the Constitution project. So it does take time to build. I think we exited the year, just say on our Springville assets, for instance, and '11 at around $600 million a day. That will be going up by well over 50% by the end of '13. And the Laser -- the whole Laser story is one that's unfolding. It obviously just started up. So volumes are building there. The earning potentials in '12 and '13 are just a shadow of what they're going to be. So we've got a real strong producer group right now behind those assets, and they're going to be ramping up quickly. Cabot, I think, has been pretty transparent about their plans. This is one of WPX's key areas, and they've been having good results out there. And the Carrizo volumes are backed by a drilling carry from reliance. So we're very excited about the opportunities up there, and I think you'll see these producers working hard to take advantage of that takeaway capacity.
Rory Miller: Yes, it's a little over 100 million a day now and that's a pretty dynamic number. But we're obviously in the early days of starting that out.
Randall L. Barnard: Well, we haven't negotiated rates for the project. But they would be -- I would just say consistent with regulated pipeline returns.
Randall L. Barnard: Well, the timing, generally speaking, is the whole permitting process and FERC certification process. This would be a interstate-regulated pipeline. So we have to go through all the prefiling, public meetings, all the environmental studies, all the FERC certification and that generally chews up 1.5 years to even sometimes 2. So the actual in-service state that we're quoting on the project is fairly aggressive, believe it or not, from the perspective of the development cycle, typical development cycle of regulated pipe.
Randall L. Barnard: No, sir. No, sir. The Cabot commitment to that pipeline is sufficient to anchor the construction of that pipe.
Randall L. Barnard: Maybe I would cop out by saying about the middle half. Transco, in particular, is pursuing over 20 projects right now that are largely driven by power gen growth. And it's up and down the Eastern Seaboard. There is a slide in our packets that I'm trying to find so I can direct you to it. Slide 57 in the data book, we've just touted some future potential expansions on Transco largely -- either along the Leidy Line or in the Southeastern U.S. and in Gulfstream as well. All those is because of our view of potential power gen growth. And there's something -- and some of it would be actual growth, and some of it is driven by coal plant conversions. There's over 30 gigawatts within -- of potential either conversion or new power build within 50 miles of Transco. And we could see -- we are pursuing about the equivalent of 3 Bcf a day or about $2.5 billion of investment associated with -- or close to Transco right now. Now I'm not saying we're going to get all that. We're in competition for that, but it's a pretty positive outlook for Transco.
Donald R. Chappel: Ted, this is Don Chappel. Again, we'll stand with the range we've put out but certainly, our bias is to target the high end of the range.
Donald R. Chappel: Right. I think we look at the whole portfolio and clearly, the fact that WPZ is building more and more fee-based business, gives us more confidence in support for distribution increases. So I think we're on the same page there in terms of -- we think the outlook is very strong. I think, as Alan said, the business prospects have never been better. So we're adding a lot of great assets. I think Rory spoke to Laser, and that's kind of the early innings for Laser. We think that '14 and beyond are even brighter.
Donald R. Chappel: Well, I think it's way too soon to think that the tax law is can be changed. We certainly are mindful of the possibilities. We certainly are educating those that make those decisions, but I don't know that we want to speculate on what we might see or what we might do. But again, I think at this point, we think it's pretty low probability that anything happens.
Donald R. Chappel: Well, I would say a couple things here. One, most of the driver in '13 from our previous guidance is lower ethane prices. And so that's a big chunk of that. For '12, I would just say the current experience that we have out there is that because there are outages and that's driving these -- on the cracker side that is driving some of the lower ethane prices. But it's also increasing ethylene prices because those crackers are out as well. So we're on both sides of that coin. And -- but I would say generally, most of the driver that we're seeing in a longer-term despite this kind of current period that we're in with high ethylene is really driven by lower ethane prices.
