Micheal Dunn: Good morning. Right now, we're looking at 3 primary permits to finalize the permitting process. One is the 404 permit that the Corps of Engineers is processing. And the other 2 are from PDEP or for the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection. Those are 102, 105 permits as they're designated. All of these are water-related type permits and we've obviously finished all the public comment periods for all of these. And we do expect these permits to be in-hand in August and that would allow us to start construction certainly thereafter. So what will happen after we received those permits is, we would go back to the FERC and ask for a notice to proceed. And at that point, we would be able to begin construction on the project.
Micheal Dunn: Well, yes. It would be a day-for-day delay. But we're pretty optimistic we're going to receive those permits here in the month of August. And FERC has been pretty generous in turning around notice to proceed requests for the industry fairly quickly. So we would expect to be able to start construction shortly thereafter.
Micheal Dunn: Well, I would say, across the board, there were improvements in most of those franchise areas in the West, pretty significant in Eagle Ford, Haynesville and also the Southwest Wyoming. So we recovered from the problems we had, obviously, in Southwest Wyoming over the winter and saw a pretty good uptick there.
Micheal Dunn: Timm, I would add, if you go back to our Analyst Day, we talked a lot about the Northeast, where we have an opportunity to increase our revenues up there fairly significantly with less capital infusion into that, just because of the backbone systems that we've already built up in that area up there. So that's one of the areas that we talked about a lot at Analyst Day that we have great opportunities going forward.
Micheal Dunn: No. No, there's not. I mean, ultimately, we go to FERC in a few weeks once we get the 102 and 105 permits from Pennsylvania, the 404 for the Corps. We asked for a notice to proceed for the entire project. It's just the timing of the schedule, it just takes longer to build a greenfield compressor stations than it does the greenfield pipeline.
Micheal Dunn: Yes. So right now, we would anticipate the earliest we can get that project in is early 2019, so probably second quarter 2019. And there are quite a few windows. But backing into an opportunity to get released this fall, that would put us in the first half of 2019. For an in-service date.
Micheal Dunn: Yes, thanks for that question. Our team's doing a great job out there taking cost out of their business. And I think, we will continue to seek those opportunities and find opportunities to continue to take costs, not just out of the West business, but the rest of the business where it makes sense. And there's still opportunities there. We have a lot of consolidation, for example, in our measurement systems that - where we had the legacy Access and the legacy Williams measurement systems, for example, that we're consolidating. And we'll be able to continue to take costs out of the business in that fashion. So there's opportunities just like that all across our business. And certainly in West, we'll continue to do that.
Micheal Dunn: We're in regular conversation with the agencies. So yes, we update our model and discussions with them and obviously that's a major milestone. So we'll continue those conversations. What they do with it, who knows. But we think our credit is improving steadily and we're hopeful that they'll agree.
Alan Armstrong: They're a little bit ahead. But part of that obligations they had was a certain number of wells turn in line. I would say what's been surprising to us is not the number but really the performance that they've had on those wells, that they've continued to do better and better on. We do have a new piece of capacity coming on, on what's called our Springridge system. And so that'll add about 150 million a day of capacity. And it is needed, because there are volumes stacking up behind that. So we're excited to be turning that on here in the very near future. And that will unleash some volumes in that area. So yes, we're enjoying growth there and excited to see some of the well performance in that area.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. I would say, still yet to be determined. As we've reported in the past, we got some very valuable capacity there, a lot of demand for it from the market. And we want to make sure that we get the very best investments around that. So I would say, we remain excited. We haven't pinned that down. We do have a binding open season that's going to be closing here as we speak. But we're going to make sure that we get the absolute optimum value out of that, because that capacity southbound - that incremental capacity southbound within our main line or brownfield, if you will, is extremely valuable. And we want to make sure we get whatever other strategic benefits might come with that. And so that's what we're working on. So I would say, very optimistic there. But remain - we're going to be patient in making sure that we get the very best alternatives out of that last easy expansion that we have coming south there.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, sure. Mostly I would tell you it was just recovery from some of the production and freeze-offs in general. But for instance, in the Barnett, we're starting to see and this is more recent, but we're starting to see Total. Remember, they had a roughly $40 million a year obligation for drilling dollars in the area. There were kind of late to get started on that just because they had a lot of issues to deal with as they took over as operator. But I'd say, they're really starting to get after that and we're starting to see some improvement from their investments there. So typically, Barnett has been a pretty heavy decline area and we're starting to see that be arrested. Mike, I don't know what other comments you might think to...
Alan Armstrong: Well, I would say, we have a lot of work to do and it's somewhat dependent on our ability to get to that. But we'll be pushing hard to get that done. And so, I think, probably the best pattern probably to look at is previous year's patterns. I think, that's probably a pretty good indicator of the cadence that we have that's driven by both weather and loads on our systems. Said another way, we're - we have so much load on our systems typically that we have to be careful when we take them off line to be able to do the work. So those patterns are pretty well fixed and really wouldn't expect anything very different in terms of percentage per quarter that we're spending in there. So I'd say, it's probably the best guidepost to look at.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, we're not quite ready to announce anything on those. So lots of expansion work going on. But - or development work going on. But I'd say, on the Transco system, it's pretty complex right now. A lot of opportunities that we're pursuing, but coupled with Southeastern Trail, there's - we're having to, again, as I mentioned earlier, we're really trying to make sure we're optimizing, because we understand how valuable these tranches of capacity are.
Alan Armstrong: Well, I would say, we're probably, given kind of where the timing's working out, we'll probably wind up closer to midpoint of that rather than the low end or the high end of it. Because we're - the high end would've had us already under major construction. And the midpoint is about kind of what we're expecting and it looks like that's going to come out. So I would say, kind of the midpoint is probably a pretty good indicator right now.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, yes. We did have some shifts in the - at our Opal facility there. We had Ultra, where we reformed the contracts there. And then, on LINN Energy, they rejected a contract that we had. That also showed up in the first quarter. But they rejected a contract that we had out there. We're looking at being able to pick up some volumes in the area. But that really was a change, though. So one shifting from fee to commodity risk and the other was we actually lost the volumes there at the end of the fourth quarter.
Alan Armstrong: Timm, thanks for the question. I would just say, we're very excited about the strategy that we have and opportunities that are coming along. We're really working to be the best operator in this space, in this strategy. And I would say, we're working extremely hard as a team to not just be good in the space, but great. And we think, as we continue to execute over time that, that's going to open up opportunities for us to continue to expand in our strategy. But I would say, it is blocking and tackling first and we remain extremely focused on that. And we have so much opportunity, as you mentioned, we have so much opportunity here that's right in front of us that we're really narrowing our focus on delivering on that. But certainly, we're paying attention to long term trends and where we need to be next. And I think, we've always done a good job strategically of positioning ourselves in the right place and we'll continue to do that. So - but I would say, there's a pretty intense focus right now on delivering what we have, because there's so much value to be created just delivering on what's right in front of us right now.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, no. We're not at all opposed if it's the right risk-adjusted return. We think we're very good in that space and we think we're a good operator in that space and have a lot of talents and capabilities. So yes, we'll certainly continue there. I would say that, even within the gathering and processing space in particular, it gets pretty hard to match the quality of our cash flows given our contracts and the growth opportunity that we have around some of our business. And so, I would tell you, anytime we're going to look at anything, it's going to be a mix of quality of cash flows. We've got a pretty highbrow mix of cash flows that I think's pretty hard to compete with, both in the current and in the forward-looking.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, I would just say, first of all, we do have some pretty significant acreage dedication in the Permian that we think could be significant as the play develops. But as we've mentioned, we really don't have all of the vertical integration that a lot of the big players have in there. And frankly, we're not - we don't - we're not interested in paying the kind of multiples that have been getting paid to get in there, because you're not just betting - I mean, there's no upside left when you pay those kind of multiples. And so, I would say, we've seen that as pretty pricey. But we certainly are taking a look at it as it could impact gas volumes. We have a lot to offer being the Transco system and being able to distribute those volumes to market. And so we'll continue to keep an eye on any opportunity there and certainly see both the Mexico markets and the LNG markets along the Gulf Coast as something that we're well-positioned to serve and - however we can use our assets to gain competitive advantage towards those alternatives, we're certainly going to be having an eye to. But I would just say, I - there's a lot of well-hill players in that basin. And I think, our - the question we have is, how do we use our skill sets to help take care of some of those volumes. But I think, going head-to-head on the gathering and processing - upstream gathering and processing out there is - looks pretty pricey right now.
Alan Armstrong: I would just say, we continue to expect something coming out of the Second Circuit there. But I would tell you, we were very encouraged by the D.C. circuit ruling on Millennium. And then, basically telling the - that the New York DC had waived and that they should go to the FERC for their permit. That was very instructive, I would say, relative to Constitution. And so we're excited about that. We continue to work with the staff in the White House to move things along, because we think they have the rights to move things along on that project. So it remains a two-pronged approach. But I would tell you that the last month or so here has been encouraging in terms of how the court ruled on the Millennium project and the attention that that's gotten in - within the White House staff. So anyway, just continuing to push on that. Nothing moves very fast on that front. But continue to be encouraged by what we're seeing there.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, my patience has been strained, obviously, as long as we've been pushing on that. But yes, I would expect to see some action here in '17 still. So I feel pretty good. Now we've got a lot of work to do to then get the system installed and get through all of the very final permitting issues. But remember, we already have our certificate from FERC from that. And so, I think, the political environment is ripe and I think we either get some help from the courts which there's some probability, but it's a little bit unusual for a court to overrule an agency like that. But we think we've got a very good case in that regard. But I'd probably say, I'm more optimistic about the pathway through both the core and the FERC to gain approval with the White House's assistance on that.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, Christine, good morning and thanks for the good question. Yes, I think the consolidation is well underway. I think that EQT and Sclotterbeck really, I think, onto a path that's important in terms of being a low-cost manufacturer in the basin and they certainly have, with the Rice transaction, would have a tremendous position up there. And I think, we'll continue to see that, where people are really focused on those areas, on the one hand. On the other hand, I would tell you, in some areas, there's just so much remaining drilling locations. For instance, for companies like Cabot, they just have so many remaining locations within the large acreage position they do have that they've got plenty of scale to execute at a low cost in the area. So I guess, I would say, I do think we'll continue to see consolidation, but maybe for varying reasons up there. On the Midstream side, I do think that we'll continue to see consolidation as well. As you point out rightly, there's a lot of private equity that's had money up there and it's probably getting a little stale and a little ripe, because they've been in those positions for quite a while. And typically, the way they're rewarded is, the management teams have them anxious to get out at some point in time and it's certainly usually inside of 5 years. So I do think, there's going to be some pressure up there. But I think, there's probably just deltas and bid-ask right now between people's expectations and what the market might allow for. And I'd say, we're just in the process of seeing those bid-ask spreads close in on themselves. So that's kind of how we'd describe that. But I definitely think that we'll see some shift going on up there just like we always do in big, fast growing basins. There's a lot of people to start with and then, the big players tend to consolidate because they've got the right scale, they've got the right cost structure and they've got the right market outlets. And those tend to drive the volumes to those systems. So I think, we'll continue to see some pretty sizable consolidation here in the next 18 months in the Northeast.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, the NGL takeaway issue is more an issue of price, right? Because you can clear your barrels. It's a matter of what you get for them by getting them out of there. Versus on the gas side, it's an absolute issue because there's no alternative other than the gas pipeline. But of course you have rail and trucking to get liquids out of there. So I do think the price improvement on NGLs will be welcome to the basin. And that could have some impact. But I clearly think, the biggest issue right now is on gas takeaway, because it's a point of diminishing return on the gas. If you turn any new gas on, not only does that gas get underpriced, you just put price pressure on the other gas that you have in the basin. And so it's a very constrained and finite point in terms of getting gas out of the basin. And so I think, to answer your question, I think gas is probably more important than the liquids.
Alan Armstrong: Mike, the question was on cost savings in the West and whether we're - should expect to see a continuation of that improvement.
Alan Armstrong: Okay. Well, great. Well, thank you. Very excited about the quarter and excited about how we're positioned here for the next 12 months and got a lot of exciting things ahead of us continuing to come on. So I appreciate your continued interest in the company and hope you have a great day. Thank you. Bye.
