Donald R. Chappel: Shneur, this is Don Chappel. Good morning. Great question. I think our comments are consistent with our comments from last quarter. Again, we're very much focused on asset monetizations to fill the gap. The boards will continue to look at dividend policy. We certainly understand all the levers. But at this point in terms of the financing needs, it's really primarily related to asset monetizations. And as well, I'll just comment that we remain committed to seek to maintain our investment grade ratings.
Donald R. Chappel: We don't see it that way. Again, I think we're focused on getting our leverage metrics or keeping our leverage metrics at investment grade levels.
Donald R. Chappel: Right now, again, we're focused on asset monetization as the financing source above cash flows. And really, no plan at this time to issue equity in light of the still relatively weak equity prices and no plan to really issue debt other than revolver borrowings.
Donald R. Chappel: We're proceeding to explore the opportunities and I would expect we'd have something to talk about this summer.
Donald R. Chappel: Christine, there's no settlement at this time with the FTC, so I really can't comment on that. So – but we are exploring multiple asset sales to determine the path forward. So we have a couple of options or a few options.
Donald R. Chappel: Craig, it's Don. Thanks for the question. I think it's a bit early to comment on 2017. Again, we have a lot of options and we'll continue to evaluate what the market offers us as the best possible option and act accordingly. So, again, we'll continue to focus on growing the business and keeping our credit metrics in line and, again, look for the best opportunities as we go through this 2016 period.
Donald R. Chappel: I would say that we're working on ensuring that our leverage metrics, rating agency adjusted metrics are below 5 times and trending lower. And we do point out the sizeable investments we're making in projects will go into service in the future. And I think that's more a qualitative point with the agencies versus the primary metric that they look at.
Donald R. Chappel: Yeah, I'll just comment that we're in the middle of a planned merger. And in light of that, we're not going to comment on those kinds of issues.
Alan S. Armstrong: Great questions, Shneur. Let me hit the Northeast part of that question first. Our exposure in the Northeast is really as a service provider there for the most part and we are recovering ethane in there as a service to our customers there. So we enjoy throughput through both our processing and our ethane transportation systems up there and those came online I think in the end of the second quarter last year. So we continue to see improvement from that, but we really don't see too much in the way of margin exposure there, if you will. So most of our revenues there come from just the transport. The area that we're obviously more exposed to is in the Rockies and where we do have rights to the ethane there. And I'll couple that now with the question on Geismar, which is, what if ethane goes up? That's the really nice thing about our portfolio is that we're rarely exposed from natural gas through to ethylene because we're actually long ethane in our portfolio. So if ethane prices go up, we're actually going to see more margin because our length in ethane is bigger if we're in full production and, of course, we would be if ethane prices went up. Our length in ethane is bigger than our short on the Geismar side, so it'd actually be a net positive to us if we were to see that occur.
Alan S. Armstrong: That's right. So really, the spread that you should think about us really is natural gas to ethylene when you think about our full exposure.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah, I'm very proud of our team. I think we did everything right there. I think we took great measures to address all the issues that were raised with us and I think we have extremely strong evidence in that regard. And so I am hopeful that science and the facts will win out in that process. And that's certainly what we're counting on. And so I think this is a little bit unprecedented from our perspective where we felt like we've dealt with all of the issues in a very meaningful manner and took very extreme measures to meet all the conditions that were requested of us. There are times when you get things requested of you and you just can't live with them because they might be too expensive or something, but that isn't the case here and we felt like we met all the conditions that were raised to us. So I think as the facts unfold on this, I think they're going to weigh in our favor. And so I think that's how we feel about it. Now, it's early in the process and we're still weighing those odds certainly. But I would just tell you as a partnership and as the operator, I've really been very closely involved in watching what we've done and our team has worked extremely hard to do the right thing. We've re-routed and re-routed and we've made changes after changes after changes to meet the conditions. And as far as we were concerned, we had asked and asked and asked and been told over and over that we had met all the things that had been requested of us. So that sat with the Governor for right at a year after we had been told that we had met the conditions. And so, we'll see. I certainly wouldn't tell you that we know for certain what that looks like, but we do think the facts are very much in our camp on this.
Alan S. Armstrong: I think the facts as we've laid them out, certainly if whatever the issues were raised to us such that we could address it, we'd be happy to. But I think at this point, it's really a matter of dealing with the facts that are in the permit application and taking that forward through the legal process. So that's the way we see it as we sit here today.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah, thank you. That's an excellent question. And I would tell you that really the changes that came about – and I agree with your point that, despite commodity prices, that's not really necessarily that driver. But what we did see was we saw a dramatic slowdown in the growth in the Northeast. And so all of the efforts that we had around expanding our systems in the Northeast and to a lesser degree some in the Central area have slowed down because the number of rigs that have pulled back. And if you know, we dramatically reduced our capital budget. And so, as we reduce that capital budget, it takes a whole lot less administrative effort to support all of those growth projects. And so that's really the areas that we trimmed, the growth in the supply basins. And frankly, we have been growing the company at a pretty big clip just with all of the activity going on, and $4 billion to $5 billion in growth capital a year. We have been growing the company very quickly. So it was a good opportunity for us to sit back and reset our staffing appropriately to both the slower capital investment rate and less producer activity in those supply basins. And so that's what we've accomplished. But that's a great question. Thank you.
Alan S. Armstrong: No, I don't think there's anything really to read into that. I think that we are excited about the way the permitting process is going and we just want to make sure that we remain conservative enough in that effort. And we certainly are encouraged by some things that we've very recently been able to work out in some of the permitting activities. And so we're encouraged by that, but want to make sure that we're being realistic about how the permitting activities go. But as we sit here today, I mean, at this very moment, feel very good about the way the permitting activities are proceeding right now.
Alan S. Armstrong: So if you look at the operating data for the quarter, I mean we had somewhere around 245 million gallons of non-ethane production. And that's effectively about the same amount of ethane if we were in full ethane recovery, that's about the amount. So that can give you a pretty good picture on what our ethane rejection is.
Alan S. Armstrong: Certainly, we think that the offsetting exposure we have on the ethane is valuable to the assets, but we have made some progress back in this quarter. We made some progress on going into some fee-based business, so some ethane plus agreements for that and we continue to work on that. So I was excited to see our team pull out across the line strategically. That's where we've been trying to get that asset to and the team made some good progress on that in this quarter.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yes. Yeah. I think – again, I think we're working hard to that. It seems reasonable from our perspective that if somebody's willing to go build one, a cracker, that we can sell them the capacity at a much lower cost. And so that's the basis of that marketing effort and we are having some success on that front.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. Craig, I would just say that I suspect there will be a lot of people involved in trying to help resolve that. I think certainly, the Federal Government understands how critical that is. And I would even tell you the State of New York, the New York ISO and the power generators in New York and the businesses there understand how incredibly important that project is. So I think we'll have a lot of people weighing in on our side of that argument for obvious reasons. And so I think that'll happen. But I would say despite that, there's a number of projects that are continuing to expand and bring incremental volumes out of the area. And as you heard us mention, our New York loop on the old Laser Pipeline, which is now complete, as well as some compressor addition that we're doing to increase the capacity on that, that'll add about 140 MMcf a day. And there's a couple of power plants in the region that will also work to add incremental load in the area. And so we think that kind of debottlenecking will continue to go on. And meanwhile, we're ready to really express strongly the facts on the Constitution piece, and hopefully, that'll win the day.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah, Sharon. First of all, as we mentioned, we made that cut right at the very end of the first quarter. And that's about – our head count prior to that was around 6,900 in terms of our head count, so that's about 690 in terms of reduction. And that was heavily weighted towards some of our E&C space as well as in our areas of overhead with a lighter reduction in our field operating force. And so that is – you can think about that as – if you do the math on that, you can think about that as a little under $100 million of reduction, but we still are working to take that down further through some other activities and particularly on our supply chain side. And our team there's doing a fantastic job of continuing to bring in lower cost as we take advantage of a reduction in that space. So, overall, we're excited about the ability to reduce, particularly in that supply chain area. And we certainly never like to go through any kind of work force reduction around here, but I would tell you that the team did a very nice job administering that and proud of the way the organization held its head high through a difficult time there.
Alan S. Armstrong: Sharon, I'll take that. I would just tell you that we continue to work hard with them to look for win-win opportunities. And, again, we're pleased to get to do that with Chesapeake and consider them a very big and important customer. So we're always looking to find win-wins. We don't have anything specific to report on this quarter however.
Alan S. Armstrong: I would just add to that that we did have quite a bit of cost in our startup of our Horizon facility and the new Redwater facility that goes with that in the quarter. So, some of that step-up is from the startup of that new facility in Canada, the CNRL Horizon facility.
Alan S. Armstrong: I would just follow that just to say that remember as you run that math, remember to look at our length of ethane because if you're correct that we have that much new ethylene coming on in the U.S., the ethane margin and our assets that handle ethane are going to enjoy that as well. So, as you look in your model and try to look at that model, you need to make sure you appreciate the length that we would have if ethane were to get soaked up by all that ethylene cracking.
Alan S. Armstrong: Yeah. I would just say we have so much on our plate right now taking care of the natural gas demand side of the situation that when we think we have such huge competitive advantages on that front that that's really where our focus is going to be for the time being. Now having said that, we do continue to build out some of our purity systems in the Gulf Coast where the Gulf Coast continues to take advantage of very low cost NGLs and the Petchem expansion going on in the Gulf Coast. And of course, that's been a long-term strategy of ours to be taking advantage of the need for logistics movement around the Petchem industry, and so we will enjoy that. But I don't see us looking at any very large scale investment opportunities in the space that you reference.
Alan S. Armstrong: Great. Well, thank you all very much. Appreciate all the great questions. As always, I know it's a busy day and so we're just very excited to be in the space we are on the natural gas front right now and are really seeing our strategy really starting to pay off for us. And appreciate your continued commitment to the company. Thank you.
John R. Dearborn: Sure. Thanks, Craig. At this point, we have a part of one of our contracts with a – one of our larger contracts with a customer that is now fee-based. And I would expect that you should see us moving in the market further toward the third quarter of this year. We might have some more to be able to tell you about perhaps some further progress on our initiative to sell more fee-based ethylene at Geismar.
John R. Dearborn: There should not be any very unusual ongoing matters here in the first quarter. I guess the only thing I think of and I'm not sure the numbers you're referring to, I haven't looked back at the charts here, is whether this FX impact is in those numbers. That would be non-recurring into future periods.
John R. Dearborn: Yeah, the only thing I would add there is I think it's important to recognize that we're in a turnaround season now that's going to be prolonged through the remainder of this year, which certainly is going to I think keep supply constricted a bit. The U.S. ethylene industry continues to produce at record levels each quarter and so we see it growing, but it's growing at a relatively slow rate. And I guess I would also be expecting that, as we contemplate these plants coming on in the future, the world market for ethylene continues to grow at a reasonable pace. And so long as the U.S. remains able to export, which I think Alan just indicated it would be and we believe it would be, that these plants will likely feather-in more reasonably than you might expect. Big bumps of ethylene coming on, that could have deleterious effects on the market. It will have some impact, but I do believe the plants will come on in a more feathered fashion over this next couple of year period.
