Alan Armstrong: Yes, actually, the drivers are kind of primarily as you stated that the driver absolutely are based business. If you look at first quarter volumes in the Northeast, and you consider the rebound that we're seeing from very active drilling operations, a lot of that in the third and fourth quarter just due to infrastructure issues, but on our part, but that is the primary driver is just seeing a nice rebound in the Northeast. Actually, we're, I would say we're being pretty modest in our expectation of pricing. And in fact, if you look at this quarter, Haynesville really didn't even produce this quarter, other than the base level it's been producing at and certainly didn't contribute to EBITDA. So the upside that we have is really just from volumetrics, those with a pretty modest assumption on pricing for the balance of the year. So really the drivers, the primary driver for growth is first, our base business and second, the E&P in the Haynesville and that ramp up that is going very well at this point but did not contribute in the first quarter. And then finally, is the Trace acquisition in that order in terms of the value.
Alan Armstrong: Well, I would just say, first of all, we have a long list within that six projects that are under execution. And we are encouraged in our discussion with the FERC. And their clear desire to see good projects that reduce emissions in the markets they serve. And so I would say we're very fortunate to have a number of projects that actually reduce emissions in the markets they serve. And so we certainly are seeing support out of the FERC and obviously, they've been moving projects through pretty quickly. On the increment, I would say nothing really changed that much for us, it's just kind of a steady beat, right now of continued demand from customers and RFPs that we're responding to and working with customers on. So I will say that, I think on the one hand, you kind of have this popular notion that gas demand is not increasing. And on the other hand, the reality is it is increasing. And we're certainly seeing that through RFPs coming from our various customers on the demand side. So we're pretty excited about the way the future is shaping up on that front. And we do think particularly at FERC level, that they are being supportive, particularly of projects that we can demonstrate reduce emissions in the markets we serve. And we have a great track record of working with the FERC in a constructive manner. And we expect that to continue.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, no, I think you said that very well, Chad, I think, obviously, there's a lot of project debt that's utilized in that space today that gets those down to some pretty low cash on cash returns that we think is a great way to make sure there's plenty of capacity to get out if we determined that there wasn't going to be plenty of capacity to get out. And we might consider that but as it sits today, looks like there's plenty of new capacity that is trying to get built and at low costs. And fairly low returns given the project financing things like this project. So we see better places that we can put our capital to use better today than they are. So that keeps us focused on the areas we have very strong competitive advantages, as Chad pointed out.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, that's a great question, I would say generally, probably not is because our returns on Transco have gotten to be very much higher than then the normal projects. And thanks to the efforts of the environmental opposition and making pipeline permitting so difficult in the areas that we operate, it's allowed us much higher returns in that space than would normally be allowed. So yes, it's definitely more competitive. We like it. Because we've got follow on business upstream and downstream with Transco. So it makes the kind of total incremental return on those projects attractive, but it is not as high as kind of bolt-on expansions that we see on Transco today just because of our strong competitive position in those areas.
Alan Armstrong: And just to be clear, when we say we're talking about flat volumes that we're saying flat to ‘21. So it'd be a growth point from where we are here in the first quarter for sure.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, thanks for your question. I don't think we've released that sensitivity on price. We have said the contracts that we have, there are around our Laurel Mountain midstream business with EQT in the Marcellus has that feature as well as the Barnett gathering contracts in total and with total in the Barnett Shale, so those are kind of the two primary areas of exposure to those. There's a lot of areas of smaller ones, but in terms of any significance, those are bigger ones. But we have not provided that. In terms of the pricing that's in there, I would just tell you, it's, we're not counting on the kind of current pricing that we have, obviously for the balance of the year. And so we're being I would say a bit conservative about what we expect for the balance of the year, because we do think given the kind of growth that we're seeing in both the Haynesville and it's gearing up in the Marcellus and Utica that the workflows do, we can't very well on one hand, see the kind of prices to remain at these levels. And so I would say that those two things have to be considered jointly.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, I would just say, we're as usual, we're going to be patient and picky and we've done that, and that served us well. In the case of Trace, we kind of caught that at from a timing standpoint. I think we caught that at a great timing, and we had unique considerations that we had to offer Quantum and Rockcliff they're both in terms of access to LNG markets via our LEG and Transco systems as well as an interest in LEG with Quantum which was valuable to them so we will continue to look for those kind of unique opportunities as they pop up where we've got significant value that we can add between us and environs, so I wouldn't say we're not going to look at everything because probably will, but I think we'll remain fairly patient and picky about how we choose our points of growth.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, Michael, great question, that model that we study a lot. And I would just say, first of all, that is not a well-oiled machine we're talking about there and I'm not sure if sometimes the right hand knows what left hand doing in that regard and certainly the FERC got some very clear instruction from the Energy and Natural Resource Committee. So I think that was very helpful in terms of getting the FERC lined out. The CEQ activity that you spoke about was certainly a step backwards, but frankly, really the previous path that the Trump administration set on CEQ was helpful, but it really hadn't -- had that much impact yet on but it definitely was a step backwards. I wonder if that was a little better communication within the administration, I kind of wonder if that would have come out, given the need for that and the desire for natural gas infrastructure to get permitted, but it certainly was a step in the wrong direction. I don't really have a comment yet on that EIS and re-licensing issue that you mentioned, I am not familiar enough with that I'd like comment on that. So we have to just say, yes, we think there's a desire from the administration, and certainly from some of the key Senate committees to streamline permitting. But I'm not sure that everybody's moving in lockstep with that amongst the various agencies just yet, but I'm very hopeful, given the direction that FERC responded to. I'm very hopeful that we'll see that -- to see some work.
Alan Armstrong: Well, I would say a couple of things there. I mean, yes, certainly, that's positive. But as well, we saw a lot of certificates get issued that have been pending for some time there pretty quickly as well post the hearing that the Senate Committee held. And so we thought that was very constructive. And frankly, our discussion with various commissioners indicate that they really are serious about trying to get good projects that have the ability to reduce emissions that are being done within permitted responsibly, including very intense stakeholder engagement. They're serious about getting those permit and we think that’s very thoughtful --.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, I'll take the first part of that, and I'll hand the solar question off to Chad. First of all, I would just say on the policy question, normally, my immediate response to that would be void to a crowded field of issues, and would be hard to get any movement on energy policy. But Senator Manchin has been very well seated and very well positioned to drive to the solutions, and he has been putting forth some thoughts on energy policy, and I'm very, very thankful for that. Because I think the timing is right, to get some attention to that, and to actually come up with an energy policy. People would I think all of us would question whether we've actually had an energy policy or not. And so I think the timing is right for that. And I think getting some clarification on that would really benefit our country and hopefully, set legislation in place that puts aside some of the ways that we continue to stand in our own way as a country and using our natural gas resource as both a powerful economic driver for us which, I think in the next year or so, we're going to wish we had as well as a powerful geopolitical tool, obviously. And so I think the timing is right. And I think we've got a really good advocate for that in Senator Manchin. So I would just say, we're very hopeful on that front. I'll turn the solar question over to Chad.
Alan Armstrong: Thank you very much, and appreciate everybody tuning in today and appreciate great questions. I just want to reiterate here on the backhand that the drivers for the growth for the balance of the year are really powerful and really across our base business, the Marcellus and Utica as we discussed, obviously, the Haynesville growth is powerful. And I think people are starting to see strong evidence of that. Deepwater business, we've got a couple of really nice tie in projects this year that will add to value towards the end of this year. And one set or later this year as our drilling operations pick up out there towards the very end of this year, we'll see volumes in the long side or that of course, will be driving the base business as well out there. And then finally, as I mentioned earlier, the Haynesville, we really haven't even seen the power of that yet on the E&P side. So first quarter was definitely not driven by that, because that's really a balance of the year and into ‘23. And really attractive earnings coming out of that area as well. So a lot of great quarter, but a whole lot of firepower left here to drive growth for balance of the year and into ‘23. And with that, I thank you for your attention today and look forward to talking to you soon.
Chad Zamarin: Sure, hey, this is Chad. So LEG is at full capacity to 1.8 Bcf a day project, we have over half of that contracted today, we would expect to achieve sufficient level of commercial contracts over the next couple of months to FID the project. We see a pretty significant need for volumes that are growing in Haynesville to get to Gulf Coast markets. And so I would feel pretty good about that getting done. Mike Dunn is going to talk about the capital project.
Chad Zamarin: Yes, and important to just remember that when we executed on the Trace acquisition Quantum did, and we announced the Quantum will be an equity partner in the project. So that'll reduce our capital load a bit. And it could be that we bring in an additional equity partner in the project. So we will I think de-risk a portion of the capital budget and benefit of creating that full value chain from truly wellhead to water across our infrastructure and we'll work with our partners on the project to optimize the entire value chain.
Chad Zamarin: Yes, I'll start and then Alan follow up. I'd say for the Haynesville strategy, the wellhead to water, there's a pretty good existing footprint of LNG export facilities that we're focused on connecting to. We are the largest infrastructure provider to the LNG terminals across the entire footprint. So for the near term, our focus is on making sure that our customers can access those LNG terminals. And also we can connect our customers to the very best markets, whether those are domestic or international. So I think our strategy of building that full value chain is not dependent upon us building and operating LNG terminals. And so our strategy today is to serve as a reliable supplier to LNG export terminal and then increasingly provide access to our customers to those LNG markets. I don’t know, Alan, if --
Chad Zamarin: Just that is the pace there. Currently, there are three -- at GeoSouthern is running in the Haynesville on our position and at that pace, we would see that reversion of interest on the undeveloped occur sometime in early 2023. So it's a kind of self-fulfilling in the Haynesville. So that'll happen naturally.
Chad Zamarin: Yes, this is Chad, Jean. Good question. I think that the Haynesville, it does have takeaway capacity that we see providing relief through probably the next couple of years. I would just note though, that the traditional angel capacity wasn't necessarily built to the markets that need the gas today. So it's not the most efficient path for getting gas to the growing markets, which is why our Louisiana Gateway project, we think makes a lot of sense, we are targeting that project moved directly from the Haynesville south to grow in LNG in industrial markets on the Gulf Coast. So we do see the capacity that will allow the Haynesville growth to continue over the next couple of years. But we see a need for projects to come online in the 2023-2024, sorry 1.4x timeframe.
Chad Zamarin: Yes, if you look at that on the venture capital fund, we have been smart investing alongside proven venture capital investors that's not our core business, and is couple of existing funds. On the Context Labs investment we're actually investing alongside -- Energy Partners they are the largest investor in that platform which again we really like a highly credible investor who and are relatively small minority investment so does allow us to have significant impact over and how that technology will get develop in deployment and we want to make sure that we can help bring to market the very best de-carbonization solution and so I think the strategy of finding really promising technologies partnering with investment platforms that understand these markets and know how to put good money to work and then having RC at the table to influence the direction of the technology so that it achieves the goal that we are all trying to achieve and so that’s how we're approaching the investment strategy.
Chad Zamarin: Yes, I would just say that we are watching proposed tariffs, we're watching the discussions regarding incentive structures for solar. And I will remind you that our solar program is primarily focused on installing solar and facilities where we utilize power that in many cases is more expensive than standalone solar that we can install. And so we are -- the economics of our investments are primarily driven by our ability to install solar projects that, frankly, compete even without incentives, and almost irrespective of some of the cost pressures that we're seeing. So as it relates to the $100 million that we've talked about this year, I'd say not so much affected by the policy issues. But I will say that we have, we're keeping a close eye on supply chain issues, we are under no time demand to install our solar facilities, by date certain and so we are going to make sure that we time those projects appropriately. We don't get caught subjected to higher prices than we need to pay for materials because of kind of supply constrained issues. And so we're keeping a close eye on the supply chain side of things, which has a much bigger impact, we think, at least for the projects that are currently underway, then kind of the policy issues that we're keeping an eye on.
Micheal Dunn: Yes, I would say so the capital cost estimates are really pretty much in line with the other projects that we've been executing on the large diameter type activities. We're not ready to disclose the actual capital investment opportunity there. But I mean suffice to say that the returns are very nice. And the fact that we also have options on the pipe right now really tells us that we are locking in on what we think the cost will be, just because the volatility of steel prices right now are pretty uncertain. And that's been going on for quite some time now. And we were able to acquire some options on some surplus pipe from cancelled projects, you can apply that towards the LEG project. So we feel good about the material costs right now that we have the budget and certainly feel pretty good about the capital costs that will take to construct it, based on what we know today.
Micheal Dunn: Good morning, this is Michael, I’ll take the Northeast question. We saw in the first quarter of this year, really a convergence of several things that impacted volume in the Northeast, really across the entire basin. And a lot of that was driven by reduction increases that occurred in the fourth quarter of ‘21, where a lot of producers accelerated their well path connections early in order to hit great exit rates for the end of 2021, which was great for our systems. And we saw a lot of peaks on our systems in 2021. But that obviously hurt ‘22 performance in the first quarter with all of that really execution and then the decline that occurs from those new wells. So we saw that and we saw really significant winter weather in the Northeast this year, something that we haven't seen in several years of this magnitude and that did impact a lot of the production from the producer freeze off. And not only just on our systems and the producers on our systems, but the production that was gathered by others that would be brought to our processing facilities. We also saw some impacts there. So we did see inlet plant volume declined because of that. And then finally, we had a producer that had the well path that came online that had significant levels of condensate, which is good for them from a production standpoint, and it overwhelms their facilities. And so they weren't able to bring those volumes to us until they rectify that situation. And so that's been fixed. But that did impact some significant volumes from that producer in the quarter. So we had several big items that impacted that and developed and we expect an acceleration of volume coming on between now and the end of the year. And we have talked about volumes in the Northeast being somewhat flat this year, from some of the producers talking about being in maintenance mode, but we do see 2023 shaping up pretty well with the four expansions that we have underway across all of the dry and rich basin in the Northeast.
Micheal Dunn: Hey, Jeremy, it’s Michael. We are seeing growth expectations increasing for ’23 in both sides of the rich and the dry. We've got an expansion in Northeast PA underway that comes on line in 2023, unlocking additional volumes through our gathering system and the expansion that we spoke of are really done in the rich areas so we're working with [Ancino] who is the producer of [Indiscernible] acreage from Chesapeake years ago. They have access to both rich and dry and the Flint Cardinal gathering systems that we have and they can found those -- both between the dry and the rich so they have that benefit of being in close proximity there. And so they're just taking advantage of capacity when it becomes available. And we have some interconnect that we're increasing capacity to be honest, well, to put digital volumes and execution at Grover from those systems and so those will come online next year but in fact just been locked our capability to move gas out of the system and then taking advantage of latent capacity so they'll [Indiscernible] pipeline so I would say we are seeing pretty excited growth coming into ’23 from definitely the rich side with the support of NGL and condensate prices that are tied to WTI. And right now we are seeing our processing complex in the OEM as [Indiscernible] where we had some impact as I said earlier from the winter weather with production being hit into those systems. We are back full now and we're working on our interconnect between our OEM systems and the Blue Racer system so that we can utilize link capacity there when it’s available and vice versa, ultimately, and so that will certainly unlock some additional opportunities there to continue to grow rich volume.
Micheal Dunn: Yes, Jean this is Michael, we are at capacity. We've got a lot of capacity available at the Rockies, for example. So I would say you'll see some uptick in activity out of the Rockies to move gas out of there with those pipes that were built historically to move that Rockies gas. So there's definitely opportunity to continue to increase from those basins that you called tier two. And we have a large footprint there, certainly in the Rockies. So we're pretty optimistic about that. We're seeing some drilling activity in the Barnett as well. But most of that is keeping production flat to slightly growing on our systems there, a lot of that's been drilled out and it’s more tough environment to drill in with mostly being urban there. But we are seeing some activity that's very pleasing to us with the rate structure that we have there in the Barnett. So I think for us, the producers with takeaway capability and available, you're going to see some increased activity if these prices continue as they happen.
Micheal Dunn: Yes, So, Sunil thank for the question. As we discussed in Analyst Day our upstream hedging program we've been pretty much focused on supporting our original street guidance and the underlying capital investments that we're making in those upstream businesses protect the plan, upstream gross margin, and those have been at favorable prices versus the original guidance. Couple points, though, because a good portion of our production volumes is really dependent on future production. We generally don't hedge more than about 70% of our expected exposure for the year. Also in this environment with the strong current pricing that we're seeing, we do expect that operators will push for volumes beyond what those original plans were, but until we see those volumes really materialized, we don't intend to hedge more than really 70% of those originally expected volumes. We do as we've already discussed, we do have significant contracts that direct exposure to prices as well above a floor, especially at the Barnett and in the Marcellus. So those contracts also provide us with exposure to gas prices beyond the Upstream JVs.
