Alan S. Armstrong: Great. Thank you, Travis, and good morning, and thanks for joining us. First of all a great quarter, solid performance and significant growth in all of our segments. And certainly, we're excited that our continued better-than-expected cash flows in our infrastructure business have now provided us with the option to go directly to a spin without an IPO, if we don't see the markets become more stable and supportive of IPO. In the quarter, certainly you started to see the benefit of a lot of our projects that we've invested in the last couple of years really starting to kick in. Really across-the-board, the -- certainly, the Bakken's kicking in for E&P. The Perdido Norte project really starting to pick up volumes and help to fill up our Markham facility and as well, our Echo Springs facility that's now just had its 1-year anniversary of the new train being built there. We actually hit a record in the quarter of 41,000 barrels a day and are now operating a little over that. So you should expect to see more of this to come as these projects we've been investing in continue to kick in. Finally, our business really is perfectly positioned to reap the benefits of this U.S. turning to natural gas. I think you're going to continue to hear more and more about that. Our infrastructure will be very well positioned to help arbitrage, the tremendous spread between natural gas and oil-based products and as well, is positioned there to provide services to get natural gas into the critical markets and provide critical access. We're certainly starting to see a lot of strains on the infrastructure in some of the growing basins like the Marcellus, where infrastructure has become critical to getting the production on. So we're very excited about where we're positioned right now and excited to talk to about -- to you about the quarter. So with that, I'll turn it over for questions.
Alan S. Armstrong: I'll take that. Well, certainly, Williams Hold Co. will hold the general partner obviously for WPZ, as well as a large number of units for WPZ. And as we've explained in the past, eliminating that would come with pretty significant tax realization. And so we really don't see much reason for doing that. We also see an ability to continue to incubate and use Williams Companies in acquisitions as well when things aren't a perfect fit. So we like having that vehicle there and there's certainly a lot of financial reasons for leaving the Hold Co. in place.
Alan S. Armstrong: We're continuing to look at potential debt pay down with proceeds from the notes offering that would be transferred up from Williams. And we're in regular communication with agencies regarding our plans and again, we expect to maintain our investment-grade ratings.
Alan S. Armstrong: Well, I'll clarify but they're not going to be different than prior comments. We continue to be very excited about the infrastructure play here as the U.S. starts to really take advantage of natural gas. And we think that the infrastructure assets are going to play an important role in that, so we continue to be very interested in that and we think we're very well positioned as a company to grow in that space and we'll continue to look aggressively at any opportunity we see out there to do that. So I think you should expect to see us to be continue to be aggressive in that space.
Alan S. Armstrong: Craig, this is Alan. I'd say that lack of IPO proceeds has certainly been something we knew was a possibility during this entire period, so we're not at all surprised by that. And obviously it does make a difference, but I don't think it's going to make any strategic difference in terms of what we pursue. But obviously it is a factor but beyond that, we'll continue to look as assets. I think as Alan has said before, we're disciplined in our approach. Obviously it's a market where there's a lot of competition for assets and where we have unique advantages and we have a lot of such advantages and we'll look to use those.
Alan S. Armstrong: I think that was it. I think we would -- currently, we're slightly behind due to delay, with the weather we had, and the start up from all that. But we would expect to gain on that and get close to that level. I don't know the exact date of that, but we feel confident in our production profile going forward.
Alan S. Armstrong: Okay, great. Well thank you for joining us this morning and appreciate the great questions you voiced and the interest in our company. And we look forward to telling you about our growth next quarter. Thank you for joining us.
Rory Miller: Yes, I think most of that change -- this is Rory Miller -- most of that change a result of us having better definition on the capital projects. We've advanced some of the engineering on that and those particular projects that are in guidance are in this negotiation tables have been pushed out. We also have in that same set of pie charts the Geismar expansion, I know you asked specifically about Canada, but the Geismar expansion is in those numbers as well.
Rory Miller: Yes. I don't think we've added any new Canadian things; it's really just more of refining the cost estimates.
Rory Miller: Yes, this is Rory, I'll take that. And our strategy I think, as you alluded to in the Marcellus, is to actively use blending in the basin, particularly with the pipes project that we've got close Atlantic access. We see that as probably the most cost-effective way to do things but we do have a project, I think we've talked about it some at the analyst day, our confluence pipeline that we are proposing is a Williams ethane solution. And that's something that would build a runway to a more complete answer, be it some petrochemical crackers up in the Northeast or be it an alliance such as the one that Enterprise proposed itself. Getting those kind of solutions up there, we see generally is a good thing. If there's a way to unlock value on the ethane commodity for producers out there, they're going to be drilling more. And as they gather and future processor up there, that's good to get the drilling going. So I think any of the solutions up in the Northeast is just a positive from herein.
Rory Miller: We are talking to a number of producers right now. As with any new project, we don't have any definitive agreements signed. We are getting a lot of interest. It's something that, I guess I would say generally is being well received, producers community out there. So we'll report on that.
Rory Miller: Yes, this is Rory, I'll take that question. Well we had a reimbursement agreement in place with a customer many months before the definitive documents were signed. So the project is well underway, all of the major contracts for fabrication and heavy lift, and installation on the pipelines, those contracts are all signed and in place. We're well on our way, steel is in the yards, things are progressing nicely. So that total cost I want to say is under $1 billion with the pipeline interconnections. I think as we noted, we are still looking at taking on partner for that. So that's probably something that we just want to reiterate, but I don't know if we got anything else on that.
Donald R. Chappel: This is Don Chappel. I just, again note that on analyst day, we spoke the Geismar, but it was not yet included in our guidance. So this is the first time we've included the Geismar expansion in our guidance numbers.
Donald R. Chappel: We have planned for approximately about a $10 discount and what we're actually seeing is less than that and the last few months is more in the $5 range, but we continue to plan about $10 -- $9.80 I think is what's in the actual data book. And we are at this point through rail, through pipe, through trucking we are keeping up with our production. And we think we have sufficient capacity to continue with our build up of volumes.
Donald R. Chappel: Well I think certainly, there are assets that would be large growth assets in areas that would fit that profile. But for the most part, those are going to be smaller kind of assets that are emerging assets that we would pursue. But we certainly will look to those kind of growth assets in basins like the Marcellus where we feel like we've got great opportunities moving forward and we think we can build a great business there and a great franchise there. So we look at those kind of investments in those areas.
Donald R. Chappel: I wouldn't say that the door is closed, but I would certainly say sub [ph] has been clear in terms of their position on that and in the immediate term. So I think in the immediate term that may be the case, but I don't think for the longer term necessarily. But I would just tell you we continue to be very disciplined on that, and we think we know what they're worth, we think we're the right buyer for a certain portion of those assets and we'll just see where that falls out ultimately.
Donald R. Chappel: Yes. Well right now, I think one is a big first step, but probably the pipeline to Sarnia. I think that MarkWest is working on is probably the first tranche of ethane that gets cleared from the area. If we get one of these long haul pipes to the Gulf Coast, that's probably a bigger tranche of ethane that's cleared. If you do the math, if you look at the Penn State study where they were forecasting I think up to 17.5 Bcf a day in 2020. Yes, you can start doing the math and you probably could get to 2 pipeline projects, but I think that's a long ways down the road and probably so far out in the future that that's not much of a concern right now.
Ralph A. Hill: This is Ralph. It's a function of a little bit lower gas price forecast and living within our means and also, we're much efficient with our new fit-for-purpose rigs than we thought we would be.
Ralph A. Hill: Well we've established a relationship with Halliburton for our stimulation services dedicated to us. Also for our directional services, we've also contracted for a whole new fleet of rigs, fit-for-purpose rigs. And we've contracted for a rig moving company, so we've taken a lot of the model we had in the Piceance and applied it up there. So while there are cost pressures, since we were so new to basin we feel we've really started to overcome a lot of those and as that model kicks in, we'll continue to drive our costs down. So there is a lot pressure up there, no doubt. But we feel with our relationships with our vendors and our alliances with them, we'll be in good shape.
Ralph A. Hill: I think our data book -- basically, we're talking about $9.5 million wells. We initially planned on those to be less than that. Some people were talking about their well costs are over $10 million, $11 million and we don't think we'll see that. So, I guess -- and we'll be able to hold -- we think we'll be able to hold flat at the $9.5 million, is where we are now and we hope to -- we'd like to see that driven down, but we're not sure yet. But we've been able to reach the $9.5 million. We've already got a couple of new rigs up there. We also have the alliance with our stimulation services.
Ralph A. Hill: Yes, we did have more planned maintenance, both in the North and down at Redwater. So I think it was around $10 million of additional maintenance capital that we had in the quarter. So that's probably accounting for what you're seeing.
Ralph A. Hill: I think we'll still get to that level in a couple of years. We feel very confident, especially there are -- our results are just starting in Susquehanna because laser's still in the start up phase. But even with a lower rig count, we think we'll be at those levels. I think we're going to be very pleased with the Susquehanna joining, in particular. And our Westmoreland and Clearfield and Centre Counties are also doing better than we thought.
Ralph A. Hill: They're going to be probably -- well we'll get to 4 in Susquehanna, it'll be -- it's rising from 2 to 4. And then the Clearfield -- or the Westmoreland County will have 2 but we may move one down from time to time to the Clearfield and Centre County areas. So really 4 in the Northeast area and 2 in the Centre part.
Ralph A. Hill: I'll start with the latter part of your question. Again, the 10% 15% is our guidance on dividend growth, regardless of spin versus IPO. We don't think that, that really moves the needle. In terms of credit rating targets, we're committed to maintain investment-grade ratings. The actual ratings will obviously be determined by the ratings agencies. But we think in terms of business risk and the quality of assets as well as the leverage and the like, we can conserve ourselves to be in a very strong position. But obviously the ratings agencies will decide where they come out based on their own views. But again, we're committed to those ratings. We've seen continuous improvement and we'll see where we go from here.
Ralph A. Hill: No. This is Ralph. Only a couple of wells are online and we have a number of other wells that will be coming online as we prepare our facilities and they prepare the start up. So we actually just are in the process of turning our second well. So we have, I think -- we reported, we think we have about 80 million a day of production that will be coming on over the next several weeks to months as the laser goes to full start up.
Ralph A. Hill: We haven't done any Vaca Norte [ph], if that's what you're asking. We're doing our standing drilling in our 3 concessions in Entre Lomas, but we do not have -- we have a couple of vertical tests we're going to do in the Vaca Norte [ph] type but there's no other -- they're not done yet, so not yet.
Ralph A. Hill: We'll do some in early next year I believe. But we're actually kind of monitoring the -- since we have all the acreage already, we're monitoring the progress of other producers and trying to learn from what they're doing and then we'll enter into our program probably at a later date in a more robust program. So we have a couple of vertical wells we'll test probably early next year.
