Alan Armstrong: Yes. Thank you. Great question. Well, first of all, the actual language for that proposed bill is not out. So it's kind of hard to comment on. But I would say that we've been working hard on our government affairs front and really the whole executive team in trying to influence the policy and the legislation that would come out on that. So we're hopeful that, that will be very meaningful. And if it does, I would think that it would try to address the situation where we've had states abusing the 401 water quality certificate that are blocked projects. And that certainly would open up some opportunities for us as we've had some projects blocked on that basis. So I would say we're optimistic, but a lot can happen in the world of politics and we're just not really certain exactly how that bill will come out at this point. But relative to the Haynesville, the Permian and the Marcellus, certainly, the Marcellus has been the basin that has been has decades of low-cost gas as well. But really, if we're going to get up on planes, and be a large exporter of natural gas, we're going to need the Marcellus for the long term because that is where a lot of our very low cost reserves are impacted basin by that will be the Marcellus because things like in Louisiana, for instance, that infrastructure, a lot of that is being expanded within the state. And it is up against some of those same challenges and certainly more supported politics in those areas. So we are very helpful. We think the Marcellus and the Utica both would benefit significantly from the kind of permitting reform that we're looking for.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. We do have some pretty exciting projects. I'll let Micheal Dunn talk about some of those that will unlock some of that capacity in the area.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, we're not going to provide a whole lot of detail on that, just because it kind of becomes an endless thread to pull on from a pricing standpoint. But I would just say that there is upside at the current strip, there is upside in our -- against our midpoint, and that would push us up closer to the high end of the range if we were to see the current strip hold on natural gas. Not -- we don’t update our oil side so much. So there is little bit of impact to both NGLs and oil that obviously would be down a little bit from previous expectations.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, it would. There's quite a bit of gas supply back in the gathering systems upstream of that. So recall that EQT bought out Chevron's acreage, which is a lot around our West Virginia assets. So some of our high-margin business in that area from that original dedication from Chevron, which actually came originally from Atlas. And so some pretty nice pull on our gathering systems and as well on a longer-term basis that will enable us to be able to continue to provide lower, call it, less capital investment in expansions on our Transco system with bringing supplies into that area, which is becoming more and more in demand. So yes, we would see Mountain Valley Pipeline is very positive to us in the immediate term around increased gathering flows on our system and processing and fractionation but as well provides lower cost, lower capital expansion opportunities on Transco that, of course, allow us to make higher returns and better margin on our Transco business. So we're certainly pulling for Mountain Valley Pipeline to get built.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. I would say just -- I would just add to that, one contract with Chesapeake, we obviously have other customers out there, and we're picking up new business out there as a result of some of that returned activity. So we're excited to see that. But relative to the one contract that has the MVCs in it, it kind of -- there's ways to go, I would just say, to get over and above the MVC out there, and it would take pretty active responses from the producers. But we are excited to see the activity, and we are picking up business from other producers out there as well that's helping us out.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, Gabe, I'm looking at Micheal here to see if he had any insight on that. I don't know what would have dropped off of there, other than maybe we pulled the LNG, the LEG project off and moved that into execution. So that probably occurred is that the only thing because that was slated as an LNG project. So I expect that move. But other than that, I would tell you that we just continue to be impressed with the amount of demand for increased services on our Transco system, particularly in kind of the traditional parts of our market as well as a lot of opportunities for serving LNG in the Gulf. But I don't think there's been any shift in our business other than LEG project getting pulled from pipeline into execution.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, Michael. Not really. I mean, a lot of that's been in forecast and a lot of that money has been -- being spent already. So things like oil, a lot of that money we spend already on the pipe, a lot of the prefab work, a lot of those very expensive deepwater specialty products that we use for the interconnect, and a lot of that money was spent. The late portion of that project will start this year, and that's already in that capital budget. So I would say, while it may appear that way, there's actually -- if you look at the timing of some of the spend on these projects, it's actually pretty levelized over the period. So not really seeing any big increase and beyond kind of the normal run rate right now on capital. So excited about the projects. I would tell you, the one thing we didn't mention maybe -- and I think it's very, very unique to Williams is our ability to turn the dial up and down on modernization capital and emission reduction work on the Transco system. And so that's an attractive alternative that we have that's pretty unique. And so when it comes to capital allocation question, that's an interesting dial that we have. And obviously, share buybacks or anything else really has to compete with those returns on investing and updating our regulated transmission system. So that's probably a variable that sits out there over the longer term. But here for the next couple of years, I think our capital will be pretty ratable to where we've been seeing that barring and I'm accepting obviously things like Trace, the Trace acquisition and kind of pulling the Trace acquisition off of that and thinking about it from a growth capital for organic development.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. No, not really, Michael. It's a good question. I would say that when we see opportunity and we see market volatility that crops prices up, we tend to take advantage of that. But we're not really having to -- obviously, we're not meeting the hedge for cash just for security of cash flow, so it's really a value proposition question. And when we think that there's good upside in capturing some of those hedges or we think it's -- where the market is overheated a little bit from time to time, we'll try to pick that up. So not really any clear corporate policy on that other than to be opportunistic when we see opportunities in the market that we think are a good value for the cash flows we have.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, Craig, I think you described that actually very well. We do have continued growth in the next year, but I would say that that's offset by kind of the current strip obviously in terms of pricing on the E&P space, but we do have growth in that as well. So yes, we're positioned for an attractive '23. But obviously, we don't have guidance out there, and that will be somewhat dependent on how prices actually realize next year on the E&P business. But certainly, a lot of volume growth to be coming on the E&P business through the balance of the year that will extend itself into '23. And the gathering volumes in the Northeast are going to be very durable. And the growth that we're seeing in the Haynesville will continue. So a lot of very positive tailwinds, I would say, right now for the balance of '22 as well as setting up for a very attractive '23. And then even as we get into '24 and '25, a lot of the transmission projects that we're executing on right now and the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico really pile on to what's a great base of growth. So we're pretty -- I would say we're pretty bullish right now about the way the next three years are stacking up in terms of very visible growth across the business right now.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. Okay. Sorry, I understand your question a little better now. Well, I would just say kind of as you lay out kind of the puts and takes right now, a lot of money being spent right now in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, as I mentioned, particularly on the well prospect and for the balance of the year. That will kind of wane off as we get into '23 as well a lot of expansion projects in our Gathering and Processing areas that will also start to wane off as we get into '23, and those will be somewhat replaced by executing on some of our transmission projects. And that group of five that we're executing on right now for 1.9 Bcf a day of new capacity. So that's kind of how I would stack that up as Deepwater, and Gathering and Processing, driving that quite a bit through the balance of this year and into the first part of next year, and then that starts to be replaced with execution around our transmission projects. So I think that's a good set up. I would say we continue to see these demand pulls on the gathering systems, while we're not building that growth in right now. Certainly potential for some of that to continue. But again, pretty efficient capital investment projects in our gathering systems relative to the growth, as Micheal pointed out earlier.
Alan Armstrong: Okay. Well, thank you all very much. Thanks for the great questions. Another really terrific quarter and great setup for both the balance of the year and into '23. So we're really excited about where we're positioned today and really hopeful that some of the permitting issues are going to be dealt with in light of a lot of concern over the energy crisis that is beginning to be felt here even in the U.S. And so we think that's going to bring some attention to needed permitting reform, and we intend to be front and center in trying to make that good for both our country and from Williams as well. So we thank you for joining us today, and have a great day.
Micheal Dunn: Sure. Thanks, Alan. Our gathering volumes were up slightly in the second quarter compared to last year. That's really meeting our expectations. Most of our producers are in maintenance mode there and expecting some growth to occur in '23. But also in the latter half of '22, as we've been talking about in the previous call, we would expect to see some volume increases there coming online before the end of the year. So stay tuned, we do expect to see some additional volumes coming our way. In regard to our expansion projects, we do have a number that we've outlined in the presentation materials, that are going on in the Northeast, some in the Northeast PA area. But all -- and that's targeted dry gas there in the Northeast PA area. That one would come online in the second half of '23. Then we've got several in the rich gas areas in Southwest PA and West Virginia wild areas. And the bulk of those will come online in '23 as well, as outlined in the material. But we do have an interconnect that we're working between our West Virginia processing areas and the Blue Racer system that would come online this year. That would unlock some additional processing capacity access for our West Virginia properties where we are currently at capacity in West Virginia on processing. And so it would help alleviate some of that constraint there by moving that volume over to the Blue Racer system. That will be online within the next several months. But we'll unlock some additional opportunity there. But all in all, the bulk of the expansion will come online in '23 and our producers are gearing up for that.
Micheal Dunn: Sure. This is Michael. I'll take that. So in the Transmission Gulf of Mexico business, we did see some cost increases there, and this was primarily driven by maintenance activities that we accelerated into the second quarter. We did anticipate some significant volume demand on the Transco system and seeing that expectation out there, we did accelerate some work to get that out of the way before the summer air conditioning loads on the power generation side. And so we accelerated that work. We also had some unforeseen integrity work that we undertook in the second quarter and we obviously didn't anticipate that, but that impacted our expenses there. I would just say, in rounding that out, though, we did exceed our EBITDA expectations and our plan for the Transmission Gulf of Mexico business in the quarter and year-to-date. So those expenses didn't impact our planned numbers and our expectations there. And in the Northeast, a very similar story there. We're just working on various maintenance overhauls and things of that nature in the second quarter. So costs are up slightly there, some of that’s driven by activity that we've expected to do in the second quarter. Really nothing unforeseen there against our budget though, I would say.
Micheal Dunn: Yes, Jean Ann, I'll take this. This is Micheal. We don't anticipate that having any impact on our business and the requirements to go out and do the testing is underway, and we're seeing the results such that it will have no impact on our business.
Micheal Dunn: Thanks, Jeremy, this is Michael. Yes, Trace is performing as we expected. So, so far, so good. We've integrated the team there very well. And really taking hold of what the culture is here at Williams. So very pleased with what we're seeing there so far. On the rest of the Haynesville, we are seeing some great improvements year-over-year in regard to our gathering volumes there. So very pleased with that and across a great array of different producer customers -- we do have a number of expansions underway in the North part of the system. Some of that will come online later this fall, but we also have some in our South in Haynesville system that we are anticipating bringing on as well. So a lot of activity and associated expansion opportunities. We’re at a number of different producers there, both public and private and we've outlined that in the presentation materials, but these expansions are pretty reasonable costs as well from a capital investment standpoint just because of the backbone nature of the systems that we have built out there. We've talked about GeoSouthern driving a lot of new capacity through our systems that we had already built out a long time ago, and we're seeing the benefits of that now with these low capital investment opportunities that are driving very significant volume growth out of the Haynesville.
Micheal Dunn: Gabe, this is Micheal. Yes, I think we'll see some opportunity there to work that issue for the benefit of both ourselves and the third party there, one of them that had the issue. But right now, we are working to make sure we can accommodate volumes into our systems, but it looks like we'll be able to accomplish that and certainly helping industry out in that regard. But there will be some upside in Williams for the business that we'll take on there.
Micheal Dunn: To add to that, in the Wamsutter, we want to be careful. We have a situation where we have a physical flow issue to three knobs. We will be pretty careful in Wyoming as well as to what we hedge up there going into the winter months.
John Porter: Thanks, Puneet. This is John Porter, I will take that. Yes, so relative to capital allocation, I might just sort of restate our current priorities and guidelines remain unchanged with the focus on our balance sheet strength and our growing dividend with very strong coverage, our strategic organic investments, including investments in modernizing our regulated assets and making disciplined new energy investments. And beyond these priorities, we maintain excellent financial flexibility to manage debt refinancing through the volatile debt capital markets we've been seeing lately, pursuing bolt-on transactions that can add scale to our core natural gas-based strategy like the Trace acquisition or to pursue stock repurchases. And I might just say a little more on the stock repurchases since I know it's an important topic out there. As you'll recall, we previously discussed initiating share repurchases based on reaching an undisclosed spread between our equity yield and our 10-year debt cost. Now obviously, since then, we've seen significant increases in our 10-year debt cost, which really would have made it increasingly unlikely that share repurchases would be triggered. So we did recently revisit those principles, and we're not only considering the current equity yield now, but we're also considering a level of expected growth in the business given the solid growth we've seen in the business now for many, many years. And the effect of this change will provide us more flexibility to be opportunistic around share repurchases, should we see a significant pullback from current valuation levels. And this might be the case if a recession gains strength and energy macro conditions were to deteriorate. And we have more confidence than ever in our ability to perform very well even through a severe recession, and we feel like our performance in 2020 during the heart of the pandemic really proved this to be true. So our current share buyback principles will allow us to act opportunistically if we see a valuation dislocation. And by the way, the strong free cash flows coming off our upstream JVs would be a great source of capital to affect share repurchases under these circumstances. So I hope that provides an overview on the capital allocation question. I think relative to the leverage, in particular, the 3.6 that we're guiding to now is obviously well below the 4.2 metric, which we believe is more of the ceiling for maintaining our strong BBB credit rating. We do continue to believe a BBB credit rating remains optimal for our business, and we are also mindful that our current metrics are benefiting from a pretty strong commodity price backdrop. But in any case, we are pleased with the financial flexibility we have had under the present circumstances and excited about our future prospects really no matter where the synergy cycle goes next.
John Porter: Yes. I think we are really just focused in on maintaining our BBB credit rating as really being optimal for the business. And we've got to stay mindful of the amount of tailwind that's coming from the very strong commodity prices right now. So we're taking a long-term view of the business cycles and the commodity price cycles and continue to think about leverage, what leverage target makes the most sense. But really, we're focused on the strong BBB credit ratings and being durable through many different business cycle iterations as well as having dry powder along the way too for bolt-on transactions that might really help our natural gas scale.
John Porter: Yes. Thanks, Brian. Yes, my response will be pretty general given that we're still tracking the continued development of the legislation and a lot of the more important specifics will probably be a result of work getting done by the IRS or the treasury department down the road. But based on what we know today, we'd offer the following comments. Under the current tax code, we resumed paying some cash taxes in '25, but with a more significant step-up in '26. So this policy change would really just mean that we start paying cash taxes in '23, however this appears to just be a timing issue and not a permanent increase in tax. In other words, we would be able to claim a credit for the book minimum taxes paid against our future regular corporate tax. So from a valuation perspective, it's pretty immaterial versus the status quo scenario. In other words, the impact is really just the equivalent of advancing the government a fairly immaterial noninterest-bearing loan that might grow for three to four years and then start to decline as we utilize the credit against our regular taxes, which again become more significant in the 2026 timeframe. Now additionally, as Chad mentioned, we would also be able to use green energy credits against the book minimum tax, but not until those projects are placed into service. As you know, Williams is enjoying a lot of financial strength and flexibility right now with our 2.29x dividend coverage. So we feel like we remain very well positioned to absorb the impact of this minimum book tax which, in our case, again, is just essentially in advance to the government of the taxes that were likely coming due in a few years anyway.  And one last comment, we don't expect to book minimum tax to affect our regulated rate based assets either.
John Porter: Yes, I think it's a little bit of a moving target. We have given some good volume information in the appendix of the presentation. Those volumes are ramping pretty quickly quarter-by-quarter right now, and we'll continue to do so into '23. So we'll continue to try to provide clarity around the volumes. We've also kind of laid out what hedges we put against those. So it's a bit of a moving target, and it will change each quarter as our net production volumes continue to increase and as the overall hedge portfolio changes. But we're going to continue to provide that information in the appendix every quarter so that you can keep up with how that's changing.
