Alan Armstrong: Okay. Well, thanks, John. So just a few closing remarks before we turn it over to your questions. First, I'll start by reiterating our belief that Williams remains a compelling investment opportunity. We are the most natural gas centric large scale midstream company around today and the tightly integrated nature of our business is unique. Second, our combination of proven resilience, a five-year EPS CAGR of 23%, steadily growing two times covered dividend, a strong balance sheet and high visibility to growth is unique amongst the S&P 500 and unique within our sector. Our natural gas focused strategy has allowed us to produce a ten-year track record of growing adjusted EBITDA through a record – through a large number of commodity and economic cycles. And it is continuing to deliver significant growth in the current environment. And the signals coming from the market show that it is going to continue to deliver substantial growth well into the future. Shoring up our nations and the World's Energy Foundation with natural gas is going to happen whether the opposition wants it to or not, because we are running out of time and real world options to meet the growing need for energy while reducing emissions. Natural gas is the most effective non-subsidized way of reducing emissions and it has become the practical alternative. Ramping up the production of natural gas has allowed the U.S. to meet our evolving domestic needs as well as provide energy security and support to our global allies. It stands unmatched as the most affordable and reliable source of energy and has been the most effective tool to date at reducing emissions. At Williams, we are committed to a clean energy future that focuses on driving down emissions while protecting affordability and reliability. The drive for electrification is on and dispatchable power capable of keeping up with the large number of government incentive electrical loads like carbon capture, hydrogen production and data centers is going to be largely served by natural gas. This includes scaling up renewable sources to reduce carbon, while backing up those sources with the flexibility, scale and reliability of natural gas. So we are here for the long haul and are committed to leveraging our large scale natural gas infrastructure network for the benefit of generations and our shareholders for generations to come. And with that, I'll open it up for your questions.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. Hey, Spiro. Thank you. Good morning and thanks for the great question. First of all, I want to clarify one thing, because it might have got confused a little bit in the commentary. When we talk about this potentially delivering another phase of expansion there, the EBITDA that I'm talking about and the scale of the EBITDA is on this initial phase. So we're not counting on a second phase to grow that EBITDA to that kind of scale, just to be clear. So that EBITDA that I mentioned, being larger – being the largest and being larger than our entire Northwest Pipeline system is on the initial 1.4 Bcf/d for clarity on that topic. In terms of returns, we're not going to put that number out there right now, but I can tell you, it's one of the most attractive returns we've ever seen for any pipeline expansion of scale. And we're really excited that capacity is precious, coming out of there. And just to remind you on the physical capacities that we have out of there, the total physical capacity out of there is 5.7 Bcf/d, 2.5 to the north, 2.5 to the south, and 700 million a day on the Virginia lateral. So that's the existing capacity that we have out of there, physical capacity that we have from 165 today. Obviously, there's a lot of demand for that and capacity, and so it's not like it's just sitting there available for somebody to come in and buy. And that's obviously why we're able to put together such an attractive project here. Utilizing – by the way, utilizing our existing right away and obviously structuring that in a way that will be provide the least points of resistance from a permitting standpoint for expansion south on that. So actually not a terribly complicated project. Easy for me to say that I don't have the responsibility for getting that done directly, but it is on our existing right away and avoids a lot of the typical area wetland problems that we get into and tend to snag the permitting process. So, great job by the team on working with our big customers out there of meeting their very urgent needs on this and providing a very attractive project. So couldn't be prouder of the team and the way they've worked through this.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, it's a great question actually. And I think the market will figure that out. I think the way, for instance, our LEG project is structured, that will give people the opportunity as they come in there at [indiscernible] that'll give Haynesville producers the options of either moving down the traditional path on Transco towards 85 and into those markets or selling into LNG, whichever their preference is. And so that's the beauty of the Transco system is it gives people those options and the networking effect of our entire system gives people greater market options that they'll appreciate. So I'm not sure that people will have that a producer, for instance, will have to declare one way or the other on that as much as they'll be positioned to enjoy the benefits of either one of those markets. But we certainly are going to see, I think, competition for Haynesville supplies that have traditionally come in, a lot of that's come into Station 85 and that will certainly be in competition with 165 for a while. And that'll really dictate which way the volumes flow on there. But as those big LNG – and the LNG capacity growth is not all that hard to predict. The projects are out there and they're hard to sneak up on anybody just because they're so big and take so long for permitting. So that LNG market is becoming very evident and it will certainly take away supplies that a lot of the Transco customers have depended on coming in Station 85. And I do think to your point, I do think that's why we're seeing such an interest in picking up supplies off of Mountain Valley Pipeline. But I also tell you that largely just because the markets are growing in those areas is really what's driving that as they really start to run out of options for meeting power generation loads in those areas.
Alan Armstrong: No. Well, just to be clear, the agreements go – the clock starts on those agreements for 20 years when we place the expansion in service. And so that was the reference to 2047. I would say it’s pretty optimistic to think we would have that in service in 2027, certainly would be probably the latter part of that just timing standpoint. But that’s – obviously, we’ve set it up for permitting success, so we may be able to do that, but that was a reference to that. So it doesn’t – the timing doesn’t have any of those terms don’t have anything to do with Mountain Valley Pipeline. They are, many of those agreements are dependent on Mountain Valley Pipeline coming into service. But not under that timeline.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. Sorry, Jean. I’m sorry, I didn’t understand your question. Yes. I would just say if that didn’t get done, I think it’s very low probability that over between now and 2027 that it wouldn’t be placed in service, but that’s what you’re suggesting, then we would probably have – those markets are going to have to have supplies from somewhere. And so we would have to come up with another way of getting those supplies to them, which would be a bigger project.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. Well, first, I’ll take a high-level cut at that, and then John can provide some more detailed remarks on it. First of all, the base business is continuing to grow nicely. I think how much growth we see in the gathering business next year will be somewhat dependent on producers’ response. And obviously, their response will be somewhat dependent on both the prompt price as well as shape of the forward curve. And so a little bit of TBD, I would say, in terms of volume growth on the gathering systems and as that would affect our gathering revenues. I think on the transmission business, our opportunities there are acceleration of existing projects that we have out there. The team has been doing a great job like they did on REA of bringing that first phase in early. So I think the opportunities there as you – if you look at our projects, most of those come in, including the big deepwater business comes on towards the end – very end of 2024. So some acceleration of those projects would be where the opportunities would exist on those very tangible and identifiable growth projects that drive a very large increase in 2025. So I think it’s a little bit early right now, frankly, to be calling what we’ll see from the producer community in 2024, and that will probably drive that on the margin. But I’ll let John take the more specifics on that.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, Brian, thank you. We’re pretty careful to not put things in there until we’ve got pretty high level of optimism about those projects going forward in that backlog. And I would tell you, I would be frankly very surprised if we didn’t see some – a lot of those projects that are in our pipeline move forward, given the amount of demands and projects that are coming on and the way we’re positioned with our infrastructure to serve that. So to answer your question, I think it would be very unlikely that we wouldn’t see some additional projects come in to help serve a lot of these gas demand increases. And I say that from a few fronts. One, if you look at what the alternatives are for power generation, say, in the Northeast now, the answer for power generation up there was going to be offshore wind, that is looking very unlikely now within the decade that we’re looking at right now, and so some other answer is going to have to happen. Unfortunately, we’ve shut down the Indian Point Nuclear Facility, and there’s pressure to take down other facilities up there. And I just think that’s – people are going to have to get sober pretty quickly here on what the alternatives are up there. I think our customers on REA are going to wind up looking really, really smart for taking that capacity that they took because I think that’s going to be in precious demand. So in the Northeast, I think harsh reality is going to set in here before long. In the Mid-Atlantic, we saw great evidence of demand well beyond what this initial project that we’re building in the Mid-Atlantic States and into the Southeast. And then obviously, the LNG market continues to demand more and more infrastructure in that area that we’re well positioned to serve. So it would be pretty shocking to me if we didn’t see that – a lot of that backlog into 2025 and 2026 really turned into some pretty material projects up there.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. It’s a great question, Tristan, and you picked up on an important point there. Our issue is that our customers, which are some of our best and biggest customers on Transco are their demands are very urgent. And for us to sit around and wait for – to finalize any more of the demand that was pending out there, really, it doesn’t serve those customers very well. And so we’re moving ahead with those customers that we’re ready to put binding contracts in place. And that – and we’re not – I would just say we’re going to try to protect that – the time line of that project. And that will be kind of first and foremost in our thinking as we move ahead on that. So could that expand a little bit where somebody else coming in under the wire before we do our pre-filing. Yes, but I’d say, we’re not going to get ourselves strong out there in a way that we can’t move ahead with this initial project because our customers have made it very clear how important it is that we get on with it. So that kind of hopefully gives you a little bit of idea of what we’re dealing with there. But I would say it’s obvious from the open season and from the additional requirements that are continuing to service. I’d be just like I said earlier; I would be very surprised if we didn’t see another project come out of this. It’s just – we’ve got to get on with it because the demands are so.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. I would just say, obviously, that’s a Board-level decision in terms of how we grow that dividend. I do think, as we’ve said all along, we do intend to continue to grow it in line earlier with our EBITDA and now with our AFFO just because we do have to make sure that we don’t ignore any tax liability that would start to affect that. And so that’s the reason for the switch from EBITDA to AFFO growth. But having said all that, I think the 5% to 7% is well within our wheelhouse and it certainly looks like that growth even as our EBITDA gets bigger, here for the next several years, at some point, the law of big numbers starts to overcome that. But for right now, I think the 5% to 7% growth rate is very achievable within our dividend growth rate.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. And I would just add at a macro level there, Jeremy. The strange as it may seem, the higher interest rates are actually on a macro level, I think, pretty good for this business and a couple of reasons. One, given the structure of our gathering contracts and the inflation adjustment in those, which goes against the entire rate, not against just the operating cost side of that rate. So that really continues to push our operating margin up. I would tell you that we don’t plan on the inflation rate continuing as we look to our long-term model. But to the degree that occurs, it’s actually a net positive for us. But in addition to that, I think you’re seeing the impact of high interest rates come across the alternatives as we think about power generation and infrastructure to meet power generation demand. And in a simple term, a gas-fired generation facility has a huge advantage on the capital costs associated with it, but as a disadvantage on the fuel cost. And so the fixed capital element of power generation is very positive from a natural gas standpoint just because of the capital required on the front end is so much lower, but the savings are in the fuel. And so I think we’re in a very attractive environment right now for our business in our industry in general as interest rates have moved up. It’s just put more and more pressure on people’s need to have natural gas as a very real-world alternative to meet the very rapidly growing power generation demands that we’re seeing in the markets we serve.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. I think for a number of reasons. I think even some of the shifts we’ve seen here in the mid-Atlantic states are the rapidly growing demand that they’re seeing from things like data centers and all kinds of incremental loads that they’re seeing, even industrial load from the fact that we have such low priced gas here in the U.S. is driving some of that demand. So yes, we’re seeing that mostly in the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic states. I think the Northeast is yet to come. I think people have kind of been holding out for that. And I think there’s been plans to depend on that offshore wind and I think, as I mentioned earlier, I think the harsh reality is going to hit us there. So we’re – we very much see ourselves as a complement to renewables, and we are all for seeing that develop. But here as we sit in the Northeast to answer your question, we haven’t seen the shift or the capitulation perhaps you might describe it as in that market yet. But I would say we certainly are seeing a very sober mid-Atlantic and Southeast markets because they’ve been up against the – they’re seeing the demand growth in their markets, and they’ve got to have an answer for it.
Alan Armstrong: Okay. Well, thank you. Thank you all for joining us today. Really exciting to get to announce a lot of accomplishments in the quarter and a real, I think, very clear picture of the kind of growth that we are seeing emerge ahead of us. And so very excited for the current performance, but even more excited about the growth and the signs of even more growth that we’re seeing in – across our strategy right now. So thanks for joining us, and I look forward to speaking with you next time.
Chad Zamarin: Yes. Thanks, Spiro. So that 7x multiple really reflects the standalone acquisition value and we do see significant opportunities to integrate those assets. It will take a little bit of time as there are some current commitments, but Cureton has more volume that they're gathering than they can process and deliver into downstream infrastructure. And Rocky Mountain Midstream has some excess capacity. So we're going to be able to consolidate those volumes and move a significant amount of incremental NGLs down our infrastructure. But there are some dedications over the next 12 months and beyond that will roll off and that will allow us to move those volumes fully over to our system, so you'll see that value increase over time.
Chad Zamarin: Yes. Thanks, Theresa. This is Chad. I won’t speak specifically, but we are typically looking for leveraging our footprint and our strategic positioning where we operate. We’ve been focused on bolt-on transactions that typically provide better than one or two turns of synergies and optimization. This is an integration that allows us to both increase gathering, processing, also we moved the NGLs down Overland Pass with our partnership with Targa, we can move the barrels all the way to Mont Belvieu, where we have interest fractionation. And so there’s a lot of opportunity to capture synergies along that value chain. So those are the kind of opportunities that we really look for that, provide very clear commercial and operational synergies. So that’s really a focus. As far as additional opportunities, I think the Blue Racer example is another great one. We’ve been focused on cleaning up inefficiencies within our business. The team has been very successful, both within our commercial core dev and operating teams in finding opportunities to further take efficiency out of the business. And that’s actually the last of the non-operated joint ventures that we participate in. So we’ve made great progress and again, taking that kind of inefficient structure out of the business. And we’ll continue to look for opportunities to do that. And with the scale and geographic footprint like ours, these low-risk, high-value bolt-ons, I think, will continue to be opportunities.
Chad Zamarin: Yes. I’d say it’s too early to really speculate the winner is just getting started. We’ve got – I mean, the great thing about the Sequent platform is it’s set up to be a very low risk platform, and we can sit and be opportunistic as weather events materialize. But at this point, we’re going to continue to remain cautious on kind of over-interpreting or trying to over predict the weather itself. And so we’re well set up well positioned for the winter, if we see dislocations. But remember that as that asset, that footprint is primarily structured for basis differentials and differentials in time and so we’ll continue to watch the weather play out. But right now, we feel pretty good how we’re set up.
Chad Zamarin: Yes. I think you mentioned several of them. I think the fundamental base business benefits, I mean, at the end of the day, pipeline infrastructure is built to mitigate basis. I mean, so we like the setup certainly near term from a marketing, from a storage and optimization perspective. It’s obviously drives the need for our producers and our supply areas to be better connected to different markets. But ultimately, volatility and basis differentials are what drive value across our core infrastructure. And that’s why we think we’re set up so well to continue to grow our base business and layer in is kind of the cherry on top, layer in these other assets and capabilities that capture that volatility. But at the end of the day, our business is converting volatility in infrastructure, and that’s really what we’re focused on. And we think we’re really well set up to follow basis differentials and volatility and bring infrastructure solutions to help mitigate that long term.
Chad Zamarin: And I think it’s important to remember the fundamentals of the eastern third of the United States, and there are less than 10% intermittent resources today. So there is – they’re just getting started in deploying alternatives like solar and wind. And if you look at forecast for PJM it’s, I think, widely understood that by 2040 and this is long term. By 2040, peak gas demand is going to double from where it is today. And so the utilities have recognized that, one, they need gas here and now and long term in order to achieve decarbonization goals are going to need even more.
Michael Dunn: And Alan, probably important to note this is not a near-term macro. This macro setup is going to be over the next decade and beyond as LNG demand increases and power demand on the eastern side of the United States continues to change. There's going to continue to be a competition between utilities and LNG exporters for natural gas, and there is no better asset set up to benefit from that and provide the supplies that are needed than our footprint in the Transco system.
Michael Dunn: Hey Neel, it’s Michael. Thanks for the question. Yes, the TLEP project is just awaiting at 7C [ph] permit. So we would expect that to be imminent. So we’re excited to get that one off the ground. And that’s really the first opportunity we’ve had to really increase our capacity from the South Texas area into the LNG corridor order on the other side of Houston. I would just tell you, we’ve got a lot of great opportunities to continue to expand that pathway on Transco. We have a lot of looping capabilities through that area, additional compression that we can add and really move a significant amount of gas to either South Texas or the Katy area over to that Texas, Louisiana coast line where the LNG facilities are being contemplated for expansion. So really excited about those opportunities. We are talking to parties on both sides of that, whether it be a producer or a consumer of the gas on both sides of that opportunity. And the biggest impediment there is Houston, as you probably well know that the Transco pipeline system to reverse is just north of Houston there in that corridor, and we have one of the best quarters, we think, to expand from the west side of the Houston area over to the eastern LNG corridor.
Michael Dunn: Yes. So right now, FERC has lowered their hurdle, I would say, for smaller projects like TLEP. So it was originally an environmental assessment and FERC basically came back and said, "No, we need any EIS and then they pivoted back and said, "No, this can go under an environmental assessment, which is a quicker process. You probably save six months to nine months on the environmental review typically between an EIS and an EA. And I would say any looping project of any magnitude is most likely going to take an environmental impact statement. And so that’s – whether it be a looping or a greenfield, it’s going to be an EIS, and that process is typically one and a half year to two years from filing to 7C approval. So I would just say that’s the kind of the time line you should be thinking about for any type of looping project. I would say the looping projects are less controversial when you start talking to the environmental organizations and landowners just because we’ve obviously been in the area for a long time. We have relationships built in those areas and landowners are certainly much more receptive to a looping project than they are a greenfield type pipeline. And certainly, the environmental impact is less as well. And so I think you do have a better opportunity to get approvals for looping project because they’re just less controversial and FERC is very interested in condemnation authority in the use of that these days and it gives us a great benefit when we’re looking at looping projects just like our [indiscernible] project, we built 36 miles of loop along that pipeline and did not have one condemnation with several hundred landowners and it’s a great testament to what the brownfield expansion is going to do for our company.
Michael Dunn: Yes. This is Micheal. I’ll take that one. Thanks for the question. Yes, I would suspect if and when ONEOK gets the El Creek expansion done, we’d see less Bakken flows kind of a just they’ve been diverting some of the flows into the OPPL asset. We’ve got space and OPPL today to bring in the DJ volumes. So that’s really not a constraint as we see it today. But certainly, opening up more space is not a bad thing on OPPL ultimately, if we have the need to bring in more DJ volume. But we certainly enjoyed the volume from the Bakken to ONEOK has brought to our partnership.
Brian Reynolds: Hi good morning everyone. Maybe to peak ahead to 2024, excluding today’s acquisitions. We have some tailwinds around full year Mountain West and some small expansions also by some hedging headwinds, it seems like, but kind of just curious if you can maybe just talk about the existing base business and whether there are any rising ties as it relates to volumes or kind of what Jean Ann alluded to some nat gas storage opportunities or margin uplift that could move the needle one way or the other next year as we think about just the 2024 versus 2023? Thanks.
Brian Reynolds: Great. Thanks. Makes sense. Maybe as my follow-up, we’ve seen the market talk a lot about NGL and LNG opportunity sets over the next, call it, three years to five years with some downstream expansion opportunities. So I was kind of just curious, just given Williams strategic position on the transmission business, if you could just refresh us on your kind of $1 billion to $2 billion CapEx run rate or we could see some lumpy attractive projects ultimately move into the backlog and grow returns just given the thought process that we see 20 Bcf of natural gas demands coming over the next decade. Thanks.
Brian Reynolds: Great. Super helpful. Hopefully some more returns like Southeast Supply. I’ll leave it there. Enjoy the rest of your morning.
