Ralph Hill: This is Ralph. What you also heard Steve talk about is we're staying within our cash flows, which is what we did. Last year, we actually did cut our budget severely to save even more than that. So bottom line is, it's just a function of what we're – how much we're drilling now that we've gone to nine rigs in the Valley and four rigs in the Highlands. When the breakover point hits, which it's hitting now, the volumes start to expand rapidly and that's what we expect will happen. So what you really see is the effect of going from basically 28 rigs down to eight and now we're at 13. And we're just starting to – as we move back up from above eight, you'll see that the volumes will start to take off. Other areas such as Powder River, our partners had a delay in the dewatering process of their volumes and that's caused the Powder River to not come on as fast as we would like that to come and then you'll see, as Steve mentioned here, in the near future, as we start to add in the Marcellus and start to drill out the acreage that we already have, the 97,000 acres, you'll see a rapid growth in the Marcellus volumes.
Ralph Hill: Really, no change. So we just added the rigs, one earlier this year to get to two, and now we're just in the process of where we just brought our third and fourth on. So we're just in the midst of the drilling program. So we still believe that we're in the areas that we want to be in, that we're in a little sweeter spots in some of these areas and that we hope to see that the trend you saw will continue and normalize out to be at better levels than they were in the past. But it's just a little early this year.
Ralph Hill: Well, we felt pretty good about it and I don't know if it goes upwards from there, but basically, we'd like to at least get to where those were. And those were – that was a nice uptick from where we'd been last couple of years when we were still in the process of delineating the field.
Ralph Hill: Well, there's one in the Paradox that was drilled by our partner and that has been completed – or drilled but not completed yet. And we're looking to put a very large volume frac on that and a large amount of sand and water that we've done in any of the previous wells. So that will happen sometime this summer. And we have completed a – one exploration – well, we've drilled one exploration well in the San Juan Basin that we've looked at. In the Mancos, we're in the process of drilling our second, but we're going to complete those at the same time and that will be later this fall. And that's the Mancos shale type look we're doing down there.
Ralph Hill: Well, we're more in the middle to the northeast part of the play, as you can see. And on the Rex side, we like what we've seen so far. I don't know the exact size of that yet, so I shouldn't, let us continue – we just took over operations. We drilled our – we're on a process of drilling our second well, so give us a little time on that to let you know what we think we can get there. But primarily, where you see our activity is from the Westmoreland and Clearfield Center Counties going out towards Susquehanna on our area of emphasis at this point.
Ralph Hill: I think so. There's some other opportunities in there too, but I think that's one of the primary areas.
Don Chappel: The remaining assets include an interest in Gulf Stream pipeline, a 25.5% interest, because of a partnership agreement related to a tax matter. We were precluded from dropping that down in the same calendar year that we did the initial drop-down. So that is eligible and certainly one that we would certainly expect to drop down at a future date. We are certainly not providing any guidance on timing. Second is the Canadian assets. The Canadian assets are relatively modest in size today but growing very rapidly. We also think that – we also have nearly $500 million of international cash at Williams that will fund the initial tranche of that growth. So, I think we're several years away from considering the possibility of a drop-down. So I'm not signaling that we will or will not, but I think, certainly, while we're still consuming Williams excess cash that's held internationally, it would not be prudent.
Don Chappel: Rick, this is Don. I understand the question. I would say that we're certainly looking at all the options. I would say that with low commodity prices and the down market, our credit metrics don't look nearly so good as they look in a more, I'll call it normal market. So I think one of the challenges is in a down market, it's even more difficult to buy back stock without a ratings consequence. So we're continuously looking at all the options and looking at where we stand within the credit framework. But you also have to look at what those metrics look like in that low environment. And again, the agencies also not just look at the environment in which we're living, but also look at an even more dire environment so, as they make their ratings decision. So it's hard to answer your question other than to give you some of the considerations. But I would say we're always looking at all the options. But I think stock buyback is something that's certainly not on the table this year. We'd like to have the flexibility to be able to consider that at a future date, but certainly it's not now. And I guess we'll take a look at where everything lines up in 2011 and beyond and see if that's something that's appropriate.
Don Chappel: Andrew, this is Don. I agree, it's a terrific currency, well regarded by the market. I think the key is finding quality assets; assets that we like and then at a value that creates value for both WPZ and WMB. So we're certainly mindful of that opportunity and certainly would like to be able to take advantage of it, but it will be depending on those considerations.
Don Chappel: Sure. First of all, you are right – our ethane mix today is about 50% and people have all kinds of different mix formulas for when they get to a consolidated barrel. But our number is around 50% and in terms of shift, things that might move that over time, we do have – we had had some contract changes in the San Juan that heavy-up our barrel a little bit and as we do the deepwater projects and those are percent of liquid contracts for the most part, those barrels are pretty heavy if you are – sorry, that mix is pretty heavy on those streams coming in. So we'll see a little bit there. But as big as our portfolio is, it takes a lot to move that very much, as you can imagine. So I wouldn't expect any dramatic movement in that. What I would suggest that from an MB investor perspective, that you take a look at is the fact that much of our ethane, a little over half of our ethane, on a – if you looked at our commodity exposure, is going into our ethylene cracking business at Geismar, where we consume about 30,000 barrels a day there. So for some piece of that, you really need to look all the way through the ethylene pricing if you're trying to get to a Williams earnings impact on that but we do continue to do fee-based contracts but that won't necessarily, just a straight up fee-base contract won't necessarily change our mix; it will just lower our overall exposure to commodity – but to both the heavies and to ethane.Craig Shere – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Sure. I appreciate that explanation.
Don Chappel: This is Don to just add to Steve comments. Again, when we developed the WPZ transformational transaction, we did not expect that we would get great lift in the WMB stock price as a result. We really thought it was more a long-term strategic issue, to provide that advantaged and reliable capital source to our Midstream and Pipeline business and thereby enable them to grow at a much more rapid rate than they would absent that access to capital. And that really has come true. So, you can see Midstream and Pipeline is now developing the opportunities without fear that we cannot finance them. So it's really turned our Midstream and Pipeline team loose to really develop all the opportunities that add value and do so on a disciplined basis. Again, I'd just remind you that when we did the transaction and really through this date, our earnings did not change, our cash flows did not change. We highlighted the value of those two businesses in WPZ, but our earnings and cash flows did not change in the near-term. But we're very confident that, over the course of a few years, that we will see very high returns from those incremental investments that are made in those two businesses.
Steve Malcolm: It is essentially, it's primarily driven by the Piceance and the Marcellus. We are showing a modest uptick in rig count in both '11 and '12 to do that. We would average about four more rigs on average in the Piceance side of the world if in 2011. And we'd average about four more rigs in 2011 in the Marcellus. So it is an addition of that and you can see that, in our capital guidance, goes up in the year 2011 also.
Steve Malcolm: Actually down to 3%. I don't – we'd have to – offline, we can talk about the return there. We think our return is higher than that, but we just dropped a rig down to three so that's at the point. The biggest problem we have in that Barnett area is basically facilities permits. It's not actually the drilling. It's just a matter of getting the drilling completion done. It's just a matter of various air permits and compression permits and pipeline permits. But we have dropped a rig in that area.
Steve Malcolm: The Piceance returns, in the Valley, are better than the Marcellus returns but not by that much. So the Marcellus returns we think are going to be very strong going forward. And we think as we really get into the newest area, the Susquehanna returns, that on an incremental basis, those will probably be potentially as good as the Piceance if not slightly better. So I think they'll probably end up being exactly the same. On the Highlands, returns are slightly lower than the Valley because the Highlands by definition has a couple extra thousand feet to drill through before we get to the level where you start in the Valley. So going forward, I think that you'll see that the Valley and the Marcellus will be side-by-side in the capital allocations followed thereafter by the Piceance Highlands. So capital allocation-wise, I think living within our cash flows, we feel we can ably execute on all three of those areas without hurting one or the other or trying to disadvantage one over the other.
Steve Malcolm: Well, we really feel good about the positions we have, particularly in Susquehanna and Clearfield Center and Westmoreland Counties. We also have a growing position in another county there that we haven't officially announced yet. I'd like to see us continue to add to that. As you can see, I think we were talking about 92,000 or so acres recently and now we're at 97,000 acres. So there's all kinds of opportunities up there. I think you see some of the operators that have a substantial amount of more acreage than we have, are starting to say, well, maybe we need a partner. Maybe we need to do a little bit more than what we're doing here and find somebody else. So since we're in the area in a major effort and based on the expertise we've developed in doing a world-class resource play like the Piceance, we hope that we can talk with some of those producers and maybe do some additional JVs and other things to expand our position or continue with what we've done in the past, which is grassroots leasing and/or acquisitions. I will say all that saying, as I look at Don Chappel, that we will do that in a very disciplined manner and we're going to make sure that we do everything we can and do what it takes to make sure our balance sheet stays very strong. But I see a lot of opportunities out there and I see some that are very attractive financially for us.
Steve Malcolm: Is that our Willow Creek processing, I think? So that's full scale. But I'll have to – let me get back and make sure I gave you the right answer on that, but I think that's what that is.
Steve Malcolm: Probably, Carl, there's not many details that we can offer you there. You are correct, that we do have Midstream assets embedded in our Piceance E&P operations. And we've acknowledged that fact and we've talked fleetingly about that opportunity, but – and it does exist and – but we wouldn't want to offer any guidance on that at this point.
Steve Malcolm: No. Carl, we're not prepared to offer anything like that.Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: All right. Thank you.
Steve Malcolm: Well, there was several things that happened just for the May/June time period. And when it did get up to a couple of times, it came closer to $0.80, $0.90 on a daily basis. But we really had some – we had some transportation maintenance; we had record hydro; we had a strong weather, as in very warm weather in the eastern part of the United States and we had cooler weather in the western part. So a number of things like that just kind of combined, I think, to make the cash basis on a monthly basis seem like the basis was increasing. So going forward, we think all those things work themselves out and normalize, a little more normal weather patterns. Obviously, the transportation and maintenance goes away. The hydro goes away and we see, that's why you look at the forward curve, it's more like in that $0.50 range. So we looked it really as just kind of several things lined up together to make a blip on the screen of a higher basis for a couple months.Holly Stewart – Howard Weil Incorporated: Got it. Alright.
Steve Malcolm: Well, we can't really give that. Yes, I can guide you to the press release, which we thought with the Alta deal and the unnamed additional 8,000 acres, we thought that has a potential. And that's not proved reserves; that those two transactions just by themselves had a potential of, like, 1.3 Tcf, I think it was in the press release. But we can't guide on proved reserves at this time at all. But we felt very good on the potential of the area. So that would be a substantial addition if those things would come true, to our proved reserve base.
Steve Malcolm: Yes, this is Steve. You're right – the PZ deal has not yet translated into good things to WMB. We think it will over time. We think that as we grow PZ, as we grow distributions – I mean, we wouldn't have created this vehicle had we not had intentions to grow it over time. And so there are a lot of opportunities out there. We've talked about some of those opportunities in our last few calls and during our Investor Day; but while the market hasn't yet appreciated the transaction from an MB standpoint, we believe that it will over time. And I think it's up to us to execute on the PZ opportunity, to use that wonderful currency. And we believe that as we do that successfully, that the wonderful cash flow aspect of this structure will benefit Williams in a big way.
Steve Malcolm: We – I mean, truly, we look at strategic options at every Board meeting that we have. So there's not a specific timeline because we're always looking at strategic options that might make sense.
Steve Malcolm: Yes, this is Steve. Thank you for participating on the call. We think that we have a very bright future. The opportunities, the growth opportunities are extraordinary. And we look forward to a very bright future and look forward to talking more about those opportunities in the future. Thank you.
Alan Armstrong: This is Alan Armstrong. Yes, ultimately we do. And a lot of growth opportunity out there. You saw the ONEOK announcement on their plans to bring Bakken production down in 2013. We, of course, are proposing the Parachute TXP1 plant there in the Piceance and we also have the Opal TXP4 plant that is just be coming online here in the third quarter. So we have a lot of new production and a lot of new volumes that we can point to very specifically and beyond that, there's a lot of other opportunity for growth out of there, like places like the Uinta and a lot of new production. So what we have in there is very specific. We know exactly where it's coming from. And then on top of that, because Overland Pass is really the only system that is easily expandable out of the Rockies, we think it will capture any incremental volumes out of that area.
Alan Armstrong: That's right. Sorry, the gas production with the NGLs are flowing; the extraction facilities are not in place. That's correct.
Alan Armstrong: Well, we really have to let the producers speak for themselves on that. There was – we had a hydrate in our line that was affecting the Boombang Nansen pipeline and so we – during construction process, we got water into the riser and that formed a hydrate. And we have remediated that. And so that production will be coming back on at Boombang, but that was part of that construction. But the actual delay that is experienced right now is related to operations from the actual production platform that we're not involved with.Holly Stewart – Howard Weil Incorporated: Okay. And then just one macro …
Alan Armstrong: Watching the ACO [ph] pricing level is a really good indicator for the kind of pressure that is coming into supply in that Western area as we add hydro and cooler weather. So Opal tends to have to eventually compete with ACO [ph] pricing and that's been very low.Holly Stewart – Howard Weil Incorporated: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Alan Armstrong: Rick, this is Alan. I think what you have to look at is the fact that there's been a long-term consistent spread between Conway and Belvieu on ethane that supports some type of infrastructure development. And that remains with the low-cost transportation available on Overland Pass, we think it remains one of the cheapest incremental sources of ethane into the Belvieu area. So we think there's quite a few things that will drive an answer to that bottleneck that you speak to.
Alan Armstrong: Well, I think you'd have to, again, direct that to ONEOK in that regard, but I do think there's a lot of barrels. We're certainly very well aware of the ethane demand in the hole there in Canada and we think that that presents an opportunity for U.S. ethane; but, as you know, that's a pretty expensive ticket. So – but still, compared to the other alternatives that you look to for additional incremental ethane supplies, like the Marcellus and so forth, we think it can still compete effectively, because we think Geoffrey and the Alberta ethane consumers have a high demand there and have a very low-cost efficient infrastructure up there, that's a good place to consume some of that ethane. So I guess what I would tell you is I think Overland Pass will provide a connection for supplies, whether it is ultimately for feeding ethane supplies into Canada or whether it is to Mont Belvieu. But I think Overland Pass clearly provides that connection for the production out of the Rockies into either one of those markets, ultimately.
Alan Armstrong: Well, about almost half of that was from an inventory shift, so just timing of sales. So kind of looking at our production as a piece of that. And then we had, as I mentioned earlier, we had one of the big deepwater wells – or deepwater platforms down in the Gulf that affected our volume as well. But a lot of that was just timing of inventory shift. And so we obviously wouldn't expect that to recur other than just the normal shifts in inventory that we see. But that was the largest driver in that. So nothing fundamentally is shifting on that in our business.
Alan Armstrong: No, it'd probably be best to average the first quarter and second quarter to get to a more steady run rate there. Because that had the inventory shift from one quarter to the next in it.
