Alan Armstrong: Yes. Sure. Jeremy, as you know, the pricing run-up that we've had more recently and the continued demand growth is really starting to obviously put pressure and kind of wake up the forward markets a bit. And certainly, we are seeing responses from our producers looking to take advantage of that. The area that, I would say, that will see kind of the quickest response to is probably the Haynesville and tremendous amount of drilling activity that's gearing up in the Haynesville right now.  But as well, you heard -- probably follow the comments from Cabot on their earnings call. Strong response there to price there as well. And of course, in the Southwest, Marcellus and in the Utica as well, we're really seeing pretty strong response across all those areas. So I think it's important to note that this is not just a production issue. Demand continues to grow. And so if you're looking at 2Q comparisons, we've seen against the '19 2Q, we saw demand grow by 9%. And against a 2Q of '20, we saw it grow about 5.6 -- sorry, yes, about 5.6%. So continued really strong growth going on, on the demand front. And we're obviously seeing prices respond to that. But I think, from our perspective, as we said all along, it really is demand that is going to drive our business and price will fluctuate as required to balance that, but it really is this demand -- continued steady demand growth that we're continuing to see. And obviously, as we saw last year, we don't expect the COVID or a resurgence of COVID really to have any impact on that. We're continuing to see a steady, healthy growth coming on the natural gas market. So as we look into '22, kind of hard to predict what gas demand will continue to do. But right now, certainly, the fundamentals are looking strong, and we are seeing a healthy producer response.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, Jeremy, thank you. I might as well get this out of the way. I knew that question was coming. So I'll square up on this. So first of all, we did have a really important discussion with the Board last week. And I think probably what was most remarkable about that was the degree of free cash flows that continue to exist on top of funding growth capital, on top of continued deleveraging that comes with that growth in EBITDA and being able to fund both rate base investments and new energy venture investments. Allowing for all of that, we still are showing pretty significant excess amount of free cash flow. And so I think that's probably the biggest takeaway. In terms of a program, we are in the process of detailing that out with our Board and putting some specific parameters around that. But I can tell you that the recommendation will be that it will be somewhat opportunistic, but it will have some framework to it in terms of what appropriate pricing levels and what those drivers will be. And I can tell you from my perspective, that will likely be a multiple of wherever our debt is trading. And if you think about that, our debt has continued to stay very steady while stock price has flipped around. And certainly, there will be those times where the market runs into its scares like we saw in March and April of last year. But in reality, the debt markets have been very steady and yet prices whipped around quite a bit. And so we think that will point to when the right opportunities are to acquire stock. So it will have parameters around it. It won't just be perfect -- it won't be random, and will have parameters around it in both in terms of size and the drivers for that. We likely won't announce those specific multiples on the debt multiples, but that is how we're thinking about it right now. And we will be announcing -- we do intend to, I should say, announce the program once we get the details of that squared away with our Board.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. Well, I think the easiest way to think about it, Shneur, is that we, with our EBITDA continuing to grow and we hold our debt where it is, obviously, that metric continues to improve. And so really should think about it in that fashion. And so that's the primary driver of that improved credit metric. And I would just say that we will be able to balance that and make decisions on that as we see fit through the process. But there is such a significant amount of excess cash flow coming off that we really feel like we can hit all of those things we'd like to in terms of both continued dividend growth, continued credit metric improvement investment in our rate base and driving earnings assessment in our rate base and new energy ventures. We can do all of that, and we still have pretty significant firepower left for share buybacks when the opportunity is right. So really, the message we -- folks ought to be getting is that the cash flow is very significant, and it allows us to invest in all of those measures to continue to drive shareholder value.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. I would just say, and I'll let Chad Zamarin follow up with some comments here, if he likes. But I would just start and say that what will be most obvious to you is that we're going to invest where we have competitive advantages around our assets. And so obviously, that points to transportation. But we do believe that in places like Wyoming where we've got such big land mass available and we have the transportation, and we have the processing capabilities and the system is already set up. We don't think that's a stretch for us to at least study. So a couple of things. One, it is going to -- we're only going to be doing it where we're making decent returns. And that means that we're going to have to be using competitive advantages to get returns that are over and above kind of what the market is allowing today on that kind of investment. And then secondly, you should think about it in terms of us always making sure that we are not leaving an opportunity where we have a competitive advantage. We're not going to let one pass us by, so we're not letting any -- we're not going to be taking any strikes at the plate and making sure that as we see opportunities, that we're attacking those very quickly. So Chad, I don't know if there's anything you might add to that.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. I would start off with they are surprisingly powerful anytime you start adding volumes to late -- to mostly latent capacity in an area that it obviously comes on fast. So there's not any midstream permitting facilities are sitting there ready to go. So it is very powerful, and that's why we've been so focused on this. So I think we're all very excited about that. I'll let Chad speak to kind of the metrics on what we look like for growth in those areas on the...
Alan Armstrong: Yes, I think that's well put, John. It's, I think, also a great example of creating a win-win for us and our customer. Chesapeake has been able to increase activity. And we, this time last year, Chesapeake was still not running rigs in the Haynesville. With the fee reduction that we offered, they now have 3 rigs running in their Springridge area. And so the fee reduction has incentivized significant activity that will show up on its own as incremental earnings over time. But also, as John mentioned, through the South Mansfield transaction, we see that as virtually tripling the value of that give back from an NPV perspective. So really, with Chesapeake made the pie much larger, and we're both able to benefit from that transaction.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. I would just chime in on and supplement the comment on the subsidies there, and certainly, the LCFS, the low carbon fuel standard, and the RINs are really the big driver in those projects. And if you start looking at the weight on the LCFS program to California, in particular, I think that's something we certainly are going to be paying attention to is the degree of sustainability of some of these credits and subsidies that are out there and making sure that we're not overinvesting against that risk. So it's not to say that we won't find ways to monetize that on the front end or let somebody else take that risk, but I do think that's a risk worth keeping your eye on given the -- if you add up all of the various projects where there's a CO2 carbon capture on ethanol load that that's putting on there and the loaded R&D starts to put them on there. It starts to be a pretty big number. So I think that's an important thing to keep your eye on as an investment.
Alan Armstrong: I don't think there's any change. I would just tell you, Christine, that the metrics are coming down again pretty naturally. And the cash flows start to roll from the upstream to the midstream pretty rapidly over the next 3 years. And so it does take a little bit longer in the Wamsutter. The development in Haynesville is pretty quick. So it rolls over to that pretty quickly. And certainly, the rating agencies are well aware of our strategies and design on how we get there. So John, I don't know if you got anything to add.
Alan Armstrong: It is a good question. I think to really understand how that transitions, if you look at the cash margin that we make on the midstream side versus the cash margin on the E&P side, you can see that there's so much value driven to the cash flows on the midstream side. But that's really what makes this work and kind of transition us -- transitions us out of the upstream piece of it and into the midstream cash flows pretty quick. So as we've said all along, our goal is to get those developed rapidly and get the cash flows moving on that. In the Haynesville, that's a shorter-term issue and on Wamsutter, that's a longer-term issue just because it's such an enormous deal that will -- is going to be providing -- has such a tremendous amount of inventory in that area, so -- but it really is the cash margin of the midstream business that is really powerful for us. Our cost side of that doesn't move very much at all on the midstream side, but cash flows go up pretty dramatically.
Alan Armstrong: Simple answer is yes. One of the things that's driving capital expense this year has been some of the upstream acquisitions as well as the Sequent acquisition. And so we've had some acquisitions that have -- are still included in that range that we've put out, so that's driving this. Next year, Leidy South will be completed. In the fourth quarter of this year, most of the capital spending obviously will occur prior to that. And then as we get into next year, hopefully, we'll start spending towards the end of the year on Regional Energy Access. If we're fortunate on the permitting process, most of that spending will be in '23. But in addition to that, as we get into '23, the spending for Whale will hit as well. So it's looking pretty levelized, frankly, with this year being driven a little bit higher than we would have expected with some of the acquisitions that we've done. But next year, continued expansion in a lot of these projects that we've mentioned. So it's -- looks like a pretty relatively steady run at kind of the current rate and capital spending.
Alan Armstrong: I would say we certainly keep our eyes on that. And so far, I think folks that are more dependent on those acquisitions for growth are making those acquisitions. And so from our vantage point, we've got better investment opportunities right now than that. And hopefully, that will continue for a long period of time. It's certainly looking that way right now. But I think that's kind of what's driving that market right now is whether people have growth or not. And for us, we have very substantial growth within our investments that are better return opportunities than what we've seen in the broader M&A market -- at option M&A market produced right now. So we'll certainly keep our eyes open, and -- but it's going to be deals that where we have a tremendous amount of synergies that can make those investment opportunities compete with our other investment opportunities, including share buybacks as well. So all of those go into that calculus. But right as we've demonstrated, we're going to be very patient. And we're going to do deals that are -- where we're competitively advantaged to get a much higher return than the broad market would be able to realize.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. I think it's an interesting time right now because there is this big drive to -- everybody is very focused on emissions reduction. There's starting to be a sobering, if you will, and a realization of what that means from a cost standpoint to consumers. And as a result of that, people are kind of pivoting back to, okay, well, what is sensible and what can we do that makes sense. And enter the likes of Senator Manchin with a great focus on natural gas for the benefit of the state of West Virginia and for our country and jobs, I would say, and a strong recognition on his part that we have to do this in a globally sustainable manner. And it has to be economic. Otherwise, we're just shipping jobs and the industry off to other countries. And so I would just say there's kind of a reconciling going on, if you will, between, and no pun intended there, by the way, between the intense focus on carbon reductions and tackling that issue on the one hand and on the other issue doing it in a way that it actually is sustainable and we, as the U.S., can stay in control of our own destiny from an economic perspective. And so I think natural gas is extremely well positioned as those 2 things start to grind against each other and start to look for sensible intelligent solutions that we can really deliver on today. And so I would say I have seen some recognition start to go on as people start to actually think about what the cost of some of these solutions means both in terms of direct cost of consumer and in terms of reliability. And so the issues are starting to sober up a little bit as people really start to describe solutions. And so I think where -- natural gas is even better positioned right now than I kind of thought it would be because I am noticing that people are starting to pay attention to the impact on consumers.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. Unfortunately, I don't think we're going to be able to provide you any specific numbers on that. But you are correct. That is really the purpose of that acquisition, was to drive further value and benefit. And I would tell you, so far, we are even more excited than when we were looking at the acquisition originally in terms of synergies between what our Williams existing customers want and we can provide services for, and what Sequent has and that team has to offer. So tremendous synergies, really excited to see the team starting to work together, and they're identifying a lot of opportunities here very rapidly. So the honeymoon continues, I guess, I would say, and we continue to be very excited about what we're seeing from the Sequent team and their ability to drive value across our asset base.
Alan Armstrong: And Micheal, I would just add on the deepwater on the well project. That pipe and a lot of the engineering that's gone into that and a lot of the specialty fabrication is already in this year's capital budget. So a lot of the materials and pipe has already been paid for or is included in this year's budget. So they'll pile it on to the next couple of years' debt.
Alan Armstrong: Okay. Well, thank you all very much. Continued great success here in '21. Teams continue to hit on all cylinders. And importantly, even though we've got great growth here in '21, what we're really excited about is how we're positioned now for the future with a number of very important drivers for growth here in the future that will show up in '22 and beyond. So really setting a nice platform for growth for our business for years to come. So we thank you for your attention today and the great questions, and we'll speak to you again soon.
John Chandler: And Jeremy, probably I'm self-evident here, but what Alan is really referring to is our dividend yield in relative comparison to where our debt trades at.
John Chandler: But maybe just to give you a couple of numbers here real quick because the Haynesville is different to the Wamsutter. The Wamsutter has very significant PDPs today, and where the Haynesville acreage doesn't. So we'll need to be drilling that up to produce the midstream value and the upstream value. And that will really start coming on in '22 and really into '23. That Wamsutter, on the other hand, with gas prices being quite a bit higher, is significantly paying for itself. And I'm not going to give you exact numbers here, but I can tell you what we paid for the South for the acreage from Southland and for BP will be completely paid for in less than 2 years and with where we see gas prices and just PDP production. And of course, that development will occur and you're going to see meaningful EBITDA uplifts coming in the future beyond 2022 as those new wells are drilled and that production comes on. So in the Wamsutter, you can get a sense of the return there just simply because of the PDP production and the gas prices. We'll return our capital very significantly in a very short time frame. In the Haynesville, as we look at total NPV value, yes, we did give up rates with Chesapeake in the Northern part of our system. They're bringing more rigs to work in that part of the system, but the value of that acreage as it's developed and we look at that -- I won't give you the exact number, but when we look at NPV, the value generation is at least $300 million, actually higher than that, over the life of this. That's the combination of the upstream value and the midstream value uplift from this, from the South Mansfield acreage.
John Chandler: No, I think that's right. Again, the Haynesville, both deals are designed -- both structures in the Haynesville and Wamsutter are designed for us to reduce our interest. And as Alan said, the Wamsutter sets us more sizable position, our interest would be bigger for longer there. And so whether that ultimately transfers to our partner or gets bought out in those, we don't have a long-term intent to be in the upstream business and intend just to do this to drive value in the midstream. So not sure exactly how Wamsutter ultimately plays out over long term and the Haynesville is pretty clear that as long as the drilling curves like we expect, as Alan said, in a 2- or 3-year time frame, it converts over to midstream value. In the meantime, our credit metrics are so strong right now and our coverage of our dividend and coverage of cash flows. We've talked to rating agencies about this, and I don't sense a concern at all about it. But again, as Alan pointed out in his opening comments, we do see growth coming in our business from EBITDA, which creates natural deleveraging and allows us to do a lot of incremental things in addition to what we're doing today and still see those metrics improve. And so the rating agency has seen numbers that show that as well.
John Chandler: I'd just say that the math is obviously pretty straightforward. If you look at our -- if you just use our guidance midpoint as a starting point, other than capital, we'll be at the higher end of the range on capital. We're generating -- we're spending, let's say, $1.2 billion at the high end on expansion capital, $500 million on maintenance this year, so that's $1.7 million still deleveraging. Next year, we see EBITDA growth. We're not giving explicit guidance on that today. But if you think about it, if we just put a 4x multiple against any EBITDA growth, that still allow us to be leveraging from a 4.13 level today. And so any kind of reasonable amount of EBITDA growth adds substantially on top of that $1.7 billion that we're spending this year. So that's what -- you hear this kind of confidence on our part that we've got -- we see EBITDA growth coming and with that comes an obviously an expansion of that investable capital and still allowing for a deleverage from a ratio standpoint.
Chad Zamarin: Yes. I think you said it in your remarks, we operate an incredible energy transmission and storage infrastructure, and we're very focused on ensuring that, that infrastructure is part of the solution for the next generation of energy. And so that's our primary focus. I would say it's early in the days of hydrogen and we are working with the hydrogen production side of the equation to ensure that it can be economic and that it can drive volumes to our infrastructure. So I think we will participate in a small way initially to ensure that, that technology develops in a way that complements our infrastructure and then we'll evaluate whether or not we would invest on an ongoing basis. We're working on -- you mentioned the Haynesville. We permitted our Regional Energy Access project in a way that we've defined as compatible with hydrogen blending. And we're working on a hydrogen project, a pilot project on our Regional Energy Access project that will involve us participating in the production of hydrogen. It will be a very small scale, but it will demonstrate that we can leverage our infrastructure and we will earn an attractive return on that kind of investment.  We're looking at that across our entire footprint. And as that scales up, I think it will be exactly what Alan said. It will be, "Do our strategic capabilities and assets provide us with an advantage? And should we leverage that advantage into investing in hydrogen production? Or just be prepared to support that development and drive those volumes to our assets and infrastructure?" But I can tell you, we're looking at it and read the table across our footprint to make sure that we're driving forward the right solutions to support our business.
Chad Zamarin: Sure. And I'll give a little more color on the Haynesville structure that I think will help folks derive how much value that's going to contribute. But with GeoSouthern, we're thrilled to announce that partnership, they're a well-proven operator with a long track record of development. And with GeoSouthern, there is a drilling commitment of over 400,000 lateral feet that they will be pursuing. And you think about our acreage, it's highly contiguous and you see a map, there's a map in our appendix that shows how it's complementary with GeoSouthern's footprint. So there's a lot of long lateral inventory at very economic returns. And so we expect them -- they're incentivized. There are penalties if they don't meet those drilling commitments, but beyond that, we expect them to outperform the drilling commitment because it's highly economic opportunities. And as they perform, the initial economic splits have GeoSouthern at 30% of the economics, Williams at 70% of the upstream economics, but they will carry us, our capital for upstream development up to a cap of $50 million. And once that cap is achieved, they will revert to having 75% of the upstream economics and Williams will have 25% of the upstream economics. So they're highly incentivized to continue that development. To give you an idea of how powerful that is for our midstream systems, that development, we would expect to drive somewhere around 400,000 to 500,000 dekatherms a day of volume to our midstream assets. That's incremental volume from what we have today. And that ramp occurs relatively fast over the next 18 to 24 months. And all of that gas is committed to our midstream systems at a fee of $0.32 for gathering and treating. And as Alan mentioned, that is primarily available capacity that will be extremely high margin for us. And on top of that, we then have the ability to market that gas and drive that gas towards downstream opportunities, including integration with Transco. We've talked about marketing through our newly acquired Sequent platform. We're going to be working on a wellhead-to-water responsibly-sourced gas solution that we can offer to customers. And so just the base business alone, there's a lot of value to be driven to our midstream assets in that area. And if you do the math, it will rapidly outpace what we gave up from a fee reduction perspective with Chesapeake. And so that gives you kind of a picture of the Haynesville. In the Wamsutter, similar structure a little bit and it's a very big asset that we were working on. And again, thrilled with Crowheart as our partner. They have been in the basin for several years. If you look at the map in our appendix, you can really see the industrial logic, again, of partnering with Crowheart. And we put together over 1 million acres of now-contiguous acreage. And with Crowheart, there is a drilling commitment of over 500,000 lateral feet. And as we have announced, there's a 75-25% initial split with Crowheart at 75% and Williams at 25%. But as they achieve performance across that 500,000 lateral feet of development, they have the ability to earn up to a 50-50 split. And so they're highly incentivized to drive volume growth. And in the Wamsutter basin, again, we have latent capacity that's very high margin gathering and processing. It's dedicated to us. We gather and process for approximately $0.60 a dekatherm, so very high margin business in that basin. And we have today around 300 million cubic feet a day of volumes. That system has over 700 million cubic feet a day of capacity. So on top of the gas gathering and processing, we are now -- we've dedicated all of the NGLs at Williams at a fixed margin to Mont Belvieu pricing. And so we don't wear commodity price risk, and we cover significant revenues for Overland Pass Pipeline for Bluestem and our downstream partnership with Targa. So that hopefully gives a little bit of color on how those will drive value to our midstream and downstream assets.
Chad Zamarin: Yes, this is Chad again. I think we've said that we are willing to invest in RNG aggregation and processing if it makes sense from an economic perspective. And again, similar to what we talked about hydrogen, we have a strategic advantage. We have been looking at our footprint. We've been identifying sites that have potentially attractive economics from an RNG capture processing and delivery perspective. We think that, that opportunity set is attractive economically, but relatively small in scale. We've talked about a couple of hundred million dollars of potential investment. We have a few projects that we are evaluating where we could invest in the actual aggregation and processing of those volumes. The project that we've done so far have primarily been just interconnects into our existing infrastructure. But the technology required for those investments is relatively straightforward. I will say it's one of the areas that we look at that is heavily dependent upon LCFS credits and RINs. And that is an area where, again, we're going to be disciplined in our investments. We're not going to develop our entire business strategy around areas that require heavily subsidized economics. And so I think there's a place for it where we can drive significant value because of our strategic footprint. And I think we can invest at a level of modest and will -- and I would tell you because of those LCFS credits and dependency on those credits, we're identifying those opportunities in areas where we would have pretty rapid payback of those investments. So very attractive returns that would provide us with the confidence in those structures.
