Alan Armstrong: Great. Well, thanks, Danilo, and thank you all for joining us today. We are pleased to share the results of another strong third quarter. Williams once again exceeded its internal plans and investor expectations and showed just how durable this business can be against several headwinds, including a very active hurricane season in the Gulf. As you know, Louisiana bore the brunt of two significant hurricanes in Laura and Delta. And our operating teams in the area did a great job of staying safe, while minimizing the impact to our operations. As always, I'm impressed, but not surprised by the response effort to the region as Williams volunteers have donated supplies and manned staging areas in critically hit areas and really helped out those in need. Despite the hurricane impact, record Northeast gathering and processing growth allowed us to more than offset the financial impact of those multiple interruptions in the Gulf and produced the 19th consecutive quarter where we met or exceeded Street expectations. Our 2020 results year-to-date illustrate the stability and predictability of our business across a wide range of external factors. Everybody has gotten used to us being able to continue to produce on a normal basis, but this environment has really allowed us to distinguish ourselves in this more difficult market. Additionally, during this busy quarter, Williams announced its commitment and highlighted its ability to help in the reduction of emissions in a right here and right now way by becoming the first U.S. midstream company to set both near-term and long-term emission reduction goals. I'll talk a bit more about our climate goals later. But first, I want to highlight Rex' performance in our Northeast G&P segment, and then I'll turn it over to John to walk through our Q3 results. So looking here on slide 1, we show that our Northeast Gathering and Processing segment handled record volumes in the third quarter of 2020 where our gathering volumes averaged over 9.4 Bcf per day across our operated assets in the Northeast. This was an 8.4% growth versus the 3Q of 2019 comparison and a 7% sequential growth over the second quarter of 2020. Strong growth in the rich gas areas drove even more impressive growth in our processing volumes and our NGL production. And you can see here the processing for the Southwest Marcellus and Utica areas was up over 17%, and NGL production was up nearly 24%. Each of these was a record performance for our Northeast gathering and processing segment. This strong performance is evidence of the attractive position of the Northeast business as gas market fundamentals begin to call on U.S. dry gas supplies. We are the largest gatherer in the most important and prolific gas-producing area, the Appalachian Basin. And within the Appalachian Basin, our dedications include the most attractive acreage operated by resilient producers that continue to demonstrate their ability to continuously improve on their cost structures. You can see this playing out as our Northeast gathering volumes grew faster than the total Northeast supply. So overall, if you looked at the information from point logic, you would see that the Northeast wellhead natural gas production for all of the area, even including outside of Williams, was up by 2.2% on a 3Q 2020 to 3Q 2019 comparison. And ours, as we've shown, was up by 8.4% in gathered volume. So we really are not only in the right basin, but we're also in the right parts of the basin in the Appalachian area. We expect this trend to continue in response to very favorable forward strip pricing for 2021 and a very well-positioned group of customers in both the Marcellus and the Utica. We'll talk more about our G&P business when we get to our investor focus area segment. But for now, let me turn it over to John to highlight our Q3 results.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. Great question, Jeremy. Obviously, we haven't laid out that guidance firmly yet, but we do have a pretty good idea. I think one of the things that's helping on that end is these projects are being finished earlier than we expected. So that's a real positive. And obviously, because our capital has come down this year, a lot of that is cost reduction as well. So I would just say, we are seeing really positive signs on the cost as we've gone out for bid. The construction market is a little bit slow right now. And as a result of that, the bids that we've been seeing coming in for our projects are coming in below our budget. So I would say a little too early to call that. But right now, I think we're feeling pretty good about being able to manage to that -- to a capital budget that is somewhere in the same range as what we saw this year. So I don't know, Micheal, if you have anything to add to that on the capital.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. I would just say we're going to invest where we think we have the biggest competitive advantage and can generate the highest returns. And some of those projects that are backed by quite a few tax credits and subsidies generally have quite a bit of financing and fairly low returns on them. So we're going to focus on the part of those investments where we can make a return that competes within our capital allocation front. So as I'm sure everyone is aware, the investment and the returns in that space have narrowed considerably with all the popularity around that. So we're going to stick to the areas where we have really strong competitive advantage to create better returns. 
Alan Armstrong: Yes. Sure, Shneur. And I'll just kind of go back through the notes that I laid out there. First of all, as I mentioned, the gas supply and demand situation is turning out to be a very favorable position for gas-focused basins. Obviously, with associated gas continuing decline and demand hanging in there and starting to grow again. We really feel good about the way we're positioned within our gathering and processing basins. Obviously, those lower-cost basins are best positioned for that. But if you really look at how that's going to get balanced, it's hard for the market to balance itself without drawing on the basins that we serve, and serve in -- with some concentration. Secondly, the transmission projects like Southeastern Trail and early in-service for Leidy South will drive growth as well in 2021. And then, of course, one of the things that we normally have had some downward pressure like we overcame this year from some of the non-cash items, that John talked about, and so we're not having to overcome some of those headwinds this year. And then finally, of course, the $38 million impact in deepwater Gulf of Mexico this year, won't be there. And we've had a number of tie-ins this year in the Gulf of Mexico that will produce higher revenues next year. So, those are some of the primary drivers, but I would just say, we're feeling really good about the way we're seeing volumes in the Northeast right now. And if we didn't see anything, but volumes stay flat from where they are here in the fourth quarter through 2021, we would see a really nice growth in terms of our earnings and EBITDA in the Northeast. So hard to say that we won't see some growth somewhere, because somehow the market is going to have to balance itself, and we certainly are seeing a lot of producers making plans for that. But we're -- it's really early to call a whole lot of growth there, and we have pretty modest growth built in. But very modest growth with keeping our costs relatively flat, really, is pretty powerful for us and our EBITDA growth. So I mean I don't want to get people out ahead of where we are. I certainly mentioned that our growth would be modest. But I would just say, there's just a number of things that make -- that give us quite a bit of confidence and not really anything all that exciting happening across our business to drive growth next year.
Alan Armstrong: Yeah. No, I would just say that this is a very deliberate and disciplined Board, and we've been very clear about this goal. And I don't think there's anything that I can foresee right now anyway that would waiver. Obviously, if we saw a stock price collapse or something like that, that might change that mind and be opportunistic. But I would just say, we've been pretty clear, pretty disciplined. And I see us continuing to push forward on that goal as a top priority. So I really don't see much. And if we did do buybacks, it would be a sprinkling in. And while it might be popular, I would just tell you that we're going to focus on what we think fundamental value is. And right now, we think that fundamental value is getting our debt down to those targets and gaining the credit rating across all three agencies.
Alan Armstrong: Yeah. Jean Ann, I would just say we haven't seen anything resembling that at all in our markets. The capacity that we have is highly valued. And the last time we had any capacity come up available that got turned back, the only thing that we could distinguish the bid on was on term and that -- and this was last year. And the term was 84 years, was a successful bid on that. So we're not really seeing any need to discount or would see a need to provide any discount in our markets, because our rates are so low compared to what the avoided cost or the alternatives are. So we really don't see. Obviously, we're always working with our customers to provide the very best service. But I think from a pricing standpoint, there's just not any pressure on the pricing within our -- I mean, I always say that's the good news and the bad news about our regulated pipeline. The bad news is the rate's capped. And the rate, we can't expand that rate. But the good news is, that's really hard to compete with in those markets. And so, really don't see it. But I would just tell you, we're not -- despite the talk on this issue, we are not seeing the utilization come down on our system on the gas-fired generation, despite a lot of renewables being interjected into the market. And of course, as long as we still have the high degree of coal-fired generation in a lot of our markets, we're going to continue to see expansions of capacity demand for our services. So Micheal, I don't know if you'd add anything to that. 
Alan Armstrong: Jean Ann, it's got to be -- that's got to be a pretty difficult thing in areas like the Northeast, PA, where we're building big pipelines into these well pads and so you might call that a well connect, but it's a 20-inch pipeline a lot of times, sometimes even larger. Because the producers are effectively -- by drilling these laterals out of these single locations, they effectively are providing what used to be a well connect by bringing that all into one location there for us. And so what we see actually -- rather than us having to go connect those individual wells, we're seeing the producers just continue to drill out those pads over time and keep the volumes full on those fairly large lines that we've built to them. So it's gotten really fuzzy, particularly in the Northeast with these very large volume pads. It's gotten pretty fuzzy to think about -- of something being well connect. A lot of these pads are delivering more gas than a single gathering system does in a lot of parts of the country. So it's really gotten kind of fuzzy on that front. But well connects in the West are probably a place that's a little easier to keep track of in that regard. And as John mentioned, we spent less than $100 million this year in the West. 
Alan Armstrong: The only thing I might add to that, Christine, I'm going to -- Micheal's probably got a little crisper list in his head. But the one thing that is notably missing from your list there would be the build-out for the well prospect in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. And so that's a pretty sizable project. And so that's probably -- and remember, that is reimbursable if they were to cancel that for some reason, but that's getting pretty far along for anybody to think about canceling at this point. So Micheal, I don't know if... 
Alan Armstrong: Yes. That's a good question. I think, obviously, that's going to determine how we see the stock market and how much value we think there is to investor for additional debt reduction. Obviously, that's something that there's not a bright line on and we'll have to use our own best judgment around how much value we think there would be to the shareholder through further debt reduction. So that's the answer to that part of the question.  And then the second piece is what stock price is going to be at that point in time, and that will set effectively what the return threshold would have to be for those incremental projects. And I just tell you, there's all kinds of places that make good and very profit rate-based investment on the Transco systems in terms of modernization of the systems and emission reduction opportunities.  And it really is just going to depend how that those return look. And obviously, we've been in the process of negotiating what that would look like in terms of emission reduction projects. And until we know what that return would be and we know what the value, we would assess at that point in time, the debt reduction and stock price that will determine that.  But there's really -- the good news is we don't have to predetermine that. We'll see what the markets look like when we get to that point at the end of '21. And I'm very confident in our Board's ability to make a great decision for the benefit of the shareholder when we get to that point. 
Alan Armstrong: Yes, that's a good question. We're certainly -- we'll continue to pursue that. I think we do believe that the cash flows that our West G&P asset and the free cash flow, the tremendous amount of free cash flow they generate is very valuable. And we think the predictability that we've seen this year, along with the way that we've been able to manage through the bankruptcy concerns around these assets, we think that really is going to position this well for -- having them better valued in 2021. And what exactly path that takes is TBD. But we certainly are continuing to look for opportunities to make sure that those are more fairly valued within our stock price, one way or the other. So yes, we're still working on it. And I think some of the clouds that existed over that are certainly lifting pretty rapidly, with the way some of the concerns -- particularly around the Chesapeake bankruptcy and the way those concerns have really eroded as we haven't been listed as any rejection and very confident in our ability to preserve the value in our contracts there. 
Alan Armstrong: Yes. As I mentioned in my opening comments, I think we're -- we feel like that natural gas in a sober, less-polarized moment is going to be a really important tool to continue to utilize renewables at a cost-effective -- in a cost-effective manner and to continue to decarbonize energy use here in both the U.S. and around the world for that matter. And we think it's going to be a powerful tool. And so the U.S. is -- the more serious we get about decarbonization, the better it is for our business. And so if the focus is just around eliminating fossil fuels, that's a different story. But if we really get serious about decarbonization, we think our business is extremely well-positioned in that environment. Secondly, I would say, on a more tactical level, I think probably one of the higher near-term probabilities, if there was a Biden administration win would be the -- a corporate tax raise. And actually, that works out to be a positive for us within our regulated assets, because that would allow us to raise the rates back on Northwest pipeline that we had to lower when the corporate tax rate was lower. We do have a rider within those -- within those rates. And as well on Transco, we would -- we had to lower -- or we had to accept an impact to our rate case this last time around because of the lower corporate tax rate, and we would get those back. Now of course, we're not paying those cash taxes, but the way the rate case process actually works, and we get to recover for whatever that corporate tax rate is. So in the near term, we would see -- probably one of the few energy companies that would see kind of a near-term positive coming out of that. And longer-term, we think if we really are constructive and really get serious about going after decarbonization, we think we can play a very important role in that process.
Alan Armstrong: Yeah, Travis. Hey, thank you very much for the question, and thanks for joining us this morning. I would just say, first of all, it is long-dated. So we're looking at a number of opportunities, but whatever we do, we're going to be looking to do it in a serious manner. And the scale that we can bring to hydrogen is probably second to none in terms of the utilization. And I think it's important to -- when you think about hydrogen, to the degree that we're burning hydrogen in place of another carbon-based fuel, we do get emissions reduction. And that doesn't make any difference whether it's blended in with the natural gas or if it's separated, the emission reduction opportunity is exactly the same. And so our ability to blend in hydrogen into the existing systems is a really powerful tool here in accelerating the use of hydrogen to reduce carbon emissions. And so our ability to take excess renewable power in markets and both be able to help with the transmission of that energy via tram and via converting the excess renewables power, which I think most people would agree that there's going to be a good chance that we're over-investing in renewables in certain pockets relative to the ability for that generated power to meet demand. So there will be a need to transport that as well as there'll be a need to store that. And if you think about the way our systems are set up, once you've converted that excess power generation, once you've converted that into hydrogen, now we've got the already systems in place, the ability to both transport and store that with the existing systems without incremental capital investment. And we think that's going to be really powerful as we emerge into that. Secondly, I would say, in markets where there is a really big push on reducing emissions and starting to accelerate the use of hydrogen, we're extremely well positioned with our systems in those areas as well to be able to help utilize carbon -- or hydrogen, both as a technical tool and a political tool for the permitting of our assets. And so we're really excited about the role we can play in that. And we can play it in a way that's not just a novelty and not just a pilot project, but one that truly gets us on the road towards utilizing hydrogen more capably and without waiting on long system development and long infrastructure developments in the market. So, that's how we intend right now to go after it. And we'll certainly be looking for opportunities along those lines.
Alan Armstrong: Yeah. I think, as we've mentioned before, we intend to keep our dividend growth in line with our cash flow growth. And we think the predictability and the reliability of continuing to do what we say we're going to do is valuable. And we certainly have the capabilities to do that. Ultimately, that's a Board decision in terms of that. But I would say from a policy standpoint in the company, we continue to expect to match that up with our cash flow growth and free cash flow growth. So it's a great question. I would just say that's a Board-level decision. But as we sit here today, we would expect to continue to grow it alongside the degree of cash flow growth that we've got in the business right now, which obviously is modest, and we've talked about that. So that's the kind of the expectation I think should be on.
Alan Armstrong: Thank you, Cheryl. Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us. We really are excited to be able to prove out the way our business is continuing to stand up in -- with a lot of external headwinds, and looking forward to continuing to see these predictable cash flows continue to grow. And I really appreciate all the interest in the company, and the great questions today. So have a nice day. Thank you.
Micheal Dunn: I would just say, and I will talk about in the opening remarks, we will cover all of our capital and dividend next year and be free cash flow positive in regard to our overall company performance. As Alan said, we're seeing great bids from our contractors. Our teams are doing an incredible job executing our projects and achieving underbudget performance on all of our major projects this year. And we have high expectations to continue that next year with where the market is in regard to construction activity.
Micheal Dunn: Good morning. This is Micheal. I'll take that. In regard to our partner on Overland Pass Pipeline, we've anticipated the movement of those volumes for some time now with their construction of their pipeline from the Bakken. And they've taken the volumes, but continue to pay us this year in partnership with our agreement that we've had in place with them. And so this has been an expectation that we've had. We've built this into our plans for next year, but we've also got our Rocky Mountain Midstream entity in Colorado that we do anticipate having additional volumes coming from that entity. And that's where we've anticipated those volumes coming in and backfilling some of the volumes that are leaving us from our partner on the OPPL pipeline. 
Micheal Dunn: Yes. And I would just add, our footprint does point us towards areas of opportunities. I would just say, an RNG project, a lot of the infrastructure required for bringing RNG to market is the kind of infrastructure that we're very familiar with. It's primarily trading and processing of natural gas and gas by-products. It's relatively small scale. But again, I think to Alan's point, we're very capable of investing further upstream into those facilities but we're going to make sure we focus on where those returns would be most attractive. 
Micheal Dunn: No, I think you were right on there, Alan. I would say that, based on the demand that we're continuing to see on the Transco and other transmission pipelines we have, we don't anticipate having to negotiate any kind of peaking agreements. Now if there's an opportunity to provide a peaking service that we can charge a rate for, that is desirable for us, then we'll absolutely pursue that. But at this point in time, our customers are continuing to see demand for long-term year-round contracts, and that's what we'll continue to pursue.
Micheal Dunn: Yes. I mean, that was the one that was sticking out for me. We ordered the pipe for that project based on the reimbursable agreement that we have with the producer customers there, and that's a pretty substantial order, in order for us to get that pipe on time for the project. And Regional Energy Access will be another one that will ramp up next year as well as, obviously, the Leidy South construction, which we have full notes to proceed now on Leidy South for our restoration construction and so those are underway.  That's the gating item on that project, and we'll start construction on our pipelines for Leidy South in January. Just a pretty small component of that project with some Brownfield moves there. The compressor stations are really the bulk of the work there on Leidy South. 
Micheal Dunn: A point as well, we've -- our Oak Grove processing complex, we actually stopped construction on TXP3 there and we've ramped that back up now. So we had a lull there of about six or eight months where we had idled that construction work. And now we're above capacity there on the processing complex, and we've accelerated that work now, and we anticipate that third train at Oak Grove being online sometime in the first quarter of '21. 
Micheal Dunn: Well, there won't be Christine. You're right. That's a 2023 in-service, but it is another component of our Transco expansion opportunities, and it will initiate some uptick in spending next year. But we've been pretty careful about spending too much on those projects until we have permits in hand. So you're right, that won't accelerate really until 2022 and 2023. 
Micheal Dunn: Yes, I would say, EQT coming in and buying into the assets in Appalachia that we are a partnership with Chevron on there is only a positive for us. EQT is a great operator. They're certainly getting their cost under control on their drilling and their completions and really doing an admirable job there. We have the opportunity to bring additional volumes in there with not a lot of capital deployment in regard to possibly EQT deploying more money there, be able to drill bit. So I think that's just a great opportunity and upside for us there with Laurel Mountain Midstream. And there'll be a partner with us on the midstream assets there with that acquisition, owning 31% of that entity with us. And so we're looking forward to working that relationship that we've already built with them even more so. 
John Chandler: This is John Chandler. The last thing I'd say is, we remain a noncash taxpayer at least through 2024 in our projections. And so therefore, tax credits, it's tough for us to make value of that. So we've got to find partners to co-invest and take advantage of those tax credits in many cases. So some of the things that make the returns more attractive upstream really don't -- aren't that -- are as valuable to us. 
John Chandler: I think an interesting derivation of that question is, when are the utilities going to start charging the independent renewables developers a backup charge for the power that they're backing up, the interruption -- interruptible power coming from the renewables resource. And that's not happening today.
John Chandler: Well, I can tell you, in total, from a capital spending standpoint, the Northeast total capital spend for this year is probably going to be a little bit south to $300 million. In the West, it's less than $100 million. So when you -- and that's a combination of maintenance and expansion capital spending. And embedded within that is some processing work. So I don't want to say that's all well connect capital, but it's fairly insignificant now.
John Chandler: And maybe just one other thing, and it's not sizable, but we may need to do a little bit of processing work in the Northeast expansion as we're filling the systems up. 
