Ralph Hill: This is Ralph Hill. Yes, we have started it up. Let me just go through our volumes just for a minute to take advantage of that question. We did drop last year from 28 rigs in the Piceance down to about as low as seven. We're currently at about eight in the Valley and two in the Highlands, and we'll add a few rigs in both those areas during the course of the year. We also deferred about 70 completions in the Valley, and those things are all starting to be completed now.  We've got a few more -- a couple more rigs running, so we do expect and we have seen our volumes are starting to turn back to where we'll be essentially for the year, will be flat with 2009 volumes. So, we do see that come out, and so we're right on plan, right where we thought we'd be, and the volumes are starting to turn back around a little bit.
Ralph Hill: Well, we like the area, as Steve mentioned. We now are about 45,000 acres. We'd like that position to continue to grow. I think a meaningful position would be about double that at some point. Again, we'll be disciplined, but we see good opportunities. We've been able to grow our -- double the position we started out with, which was the 22,000 acres with Rex. And we would like to continue to grow our position and we'll continue to work towards that in a disciplined manner.
Ralph Hill: We're doing both. We have added what's called bolt-ons, and those clear fields, Westmoreland, and Center Counties, which is where Rex is. We've also picked up some acreage in Columbia County now and got some acreage in Bradford and Susquehanna. So we're kind of -- we're staying in the Northeastern part, from the middle to the Northeastern part at this point, but adding to our position around the Rex Basin, and we're seeing other areas we like and trying to get sizable blocks that we can drill in efficient manners.
Ralph Hill: Yes. We did defer completions, but the fourth quarter versus the first quarter has a -- the fourth quarter had about $50 million of positive accounting adjustments in there, which really should have been spread out through the year, just normal adjustments that come through and they kind of were all lumped in the fourth quarter.  So, that volume should have been spread out flatter during the second, third, and fourth quarters. So if you smooth that out as it should have been, then we actually had a sequential decline of only about 2%. And that will be -- you'll see that catch up during the year. So the sequential decline looked like it was more about 11% or 8% to 11%, depending on which basin you're looking at. In reality, that was about a 2% decline.
Ralph Hill: It's more robust. And it's -- and we also, in the past, we've just added as we've added deals, we put that into guidance. And this year, we're putting it into guidance before we're actually adding deals, just to let you know the flavor of what we think and anticipate we could spend.
Steve Malcolm: Really that's just driven by continued strength in crude oil to natural gas, and so we're not predicting that bigger change really in the gas to NGL ratio; so basically, our margins are held fairly flat on a pure gas to NGL relationship. We did have very strong ethane demand going into the first quarter, and that was subsided a little bit as there were some ethylene crackers being out towards the end of the first quarter. So that's tapered demand. We've certainly seen ethane fall off a little bit in terms of how strong ratio was earlier in the first quarter.
Steve Malcolm: Part of it was bolt-ons to the Rex area, but a big part of it was outside of it. So we've now got about -- initially, I think Rex was 22,000 net acres to us and we'll -- that's probably 24,000 or so. So then the other 21,000 or 20,000 plus acres is really 100% Williams outside of that [AMI].
Steve Malcolm: They're exactly where you see most of the industry right now. The royalty rates are -- I think we're getting in the 80% net range in those kinds of things.
Steve Malcolm: We're actually looking at it in kind of a three pronged way. We're doing some leasing, as you can tell. We're doing some JV discussions and looking at JVs. And then there's also the acquisition side of the world. So we're looking really on all three facets.
Steve Malcolm: Well, thank you, Andrew. We look forward to seeing you next week. Williams stock, WMB stock, has performed pretty well since we made the announcement, relative to some of the other so called integrated players. As you said, it was a groundbreaking transaction. We really like it in that. It's created a large-scale MLP that will have access to low cost capital, and that's going to let us capture the many growth opportunities that we see before us.  I think Andrew that, again, as we continue to execute on the plan, as we continue to grow PZ, as we grow the distributions, I think that people will see how attractive the cash flow movement is to Williams. And I really think that there are some investors who are sitting on the sidelines saying, okay, let's see how Williams and how PZ execute on this plan. So, I'm still very excited and optimistic about the new structure. And I think, over time, that it will translate into very good things for Williams and its shareholders.
Steve Malcolm: Well, again, thank you for your participation and attention today. We look forward to an exciting Investor Day next week and we'll see you then.
Don Chappel: Faisel, this is Don. We see WPZ to be self-funding; while Williams could make incremental investment in WPZ, it's more likely that the excess capital that we have would be pointed toward E&P or some other corporate use versus plowing it back into midstream or gas pipelines in light of the very advantaged sources of capital that the MLP space, WPZ enjoys.
Don Chappel: Williams has about $2.3 billion of debt at the corporate level, in addition to the debt that's consolidated at WPZ, and it's -- and the pipeline debt that's part of WPZ. In terms of total liquidity, it's largely -- cash is about the same as what you've seen before. It is in the data book; I'll find a page here. It's reported the ending cash of $1.64 billion.  Beginning of the year, it was $1.86 billion, so still very substantial cash balance. Again, about $500 million of that's offshore. International hasn't been taxed in the U.S. That's earmarked for our Canadian expansions, which we didn't talk about today but we'll talk about next week. And we have some exciting opportunities up in Canada.  So we take that out of the equation, and then the balance is available for our opportunities here in the U.S., and largely focused on corporate and E&P opportunities.
Don Chappel: This is Don. Certainly, we have a vast resource of low cost opportunities with attractive returns. However, cash and credit are limiting factors as well as our desire not to flood the market with gas and drive prices even lower. But clearly, as prices go higher, our operating cash flows go up and we have more cash to reinvest in that business without stressing credit or raising capital.  On the other hand, as prices go down, we have the ability to pull back on our drilling so as not to suck too much cash in a low price environment and negatively affect our ratings. So the ratings agencies, I will tell you are very focused, not just on Williams, but all companies in the E&P space as well as more broadly in terms of outspending your operating cash flows in the E&P side of the business.  So not to say that it can't be done, but certainly the credit agencies are very focused on that, and so we tend to flex our production up in the period of high prices and down in the period of low prices, so that our Capex tends to match our operating cash flows. Now I would say that given that we have a very substantial and excess cash balance at corporate in excess of our needs, we have an ability to spend some of that excess cash, and we focus that on diversifying our portfolio rather than just drilling more wells.
