Alan Armstrong: Sure, I would just first say that remember that on the ethane basis, we're still long ethane as Williams. And so that project actually gives us some hedge on the ethane pricing all the way through the ethylene margins. So as we've said before, we're fairly confident in the gas-to-crude ratio remaining and we're fairly confident in ethane continuing to be a favored feedstock. And ethylene continuing to have strength in the markets. What we're not so confident in is about who makes, who gets what cut of that pie. And so by having ourselves positioned all the way between the gas all the way to the ethylene, we feel like we're de-risking some of those margins and making sure that we're not getting somebody else stuck in between us and the full margin spread there. Having said that, we are talking to a number of parties about offtake agreements. And there is a lot of interest around that kind of project. We already have embedded in that.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, I think the returns on the new projects are going to be generally in that same [indiscernible]. It's what we've seen so far.
Alan Armstrong: Well, Steve, you know as I said, we certainly are going to be a disciplined buyer. We certainly have exciting prospects for growth and value creation in our existing strategy in executing our existing strategy and our plan to separate off our E&P business as well. And so as I mentioned earlier though, we're going to try and address this call in the second quarter results and outlook. And so it's hard to get into a conversation without waiting outside of the strict script on that so I...
Alan Armstrong: I think we've got a long ways to go before we get into that territory. Remember gas has moved down as well. And so, I don't think we're anywhere near that kind of ratio that we would get to that. We have seen situations where gas oil is at times pricing below ethane a little bit. But it's got a long ways to go. If people started getting on that, it would bring that price up pretty quickly as well. So I don't really see that in this, in the $80 price oil environment and the $4 gas. That's still a 20 ratio which used to be something that we wouldn't even dream of. And so, I think we're a long ways from getting to a point where ethane is not the favorite feedstock.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, and I do think there's a lot of emerging bottlenecks, and we're seeing them in a lot of different places. And I think there's a lot of infrastructure acquired in the field and we certainly have our eye on some of that. And Ralph's team has certainly done a great job of getting their product moved out of the Bakken. But as that field grows, we certainly think it will continue to grow. We think there's going to continue to be a lot of need for a long term permanent infrastructure in those plays, as well as on the propane and heavies. And just general petchem business in general, there's a lot of shifting of volumes that is happening with this increased volume on both the light NGLs, the heavy NGLs and the olefins products. And so we are positioning ourselves to play and what we think will be a big shift. One of the shifts obviously is Bellevue products, to either locations like the Mississippi River markets. And so, we're certainly right in the middle of opportunities like that and we continue to pursue those.
Alan Armstrong: It was a pretty big blow from a volume perspective. The good news is the margins were so strong over that period, net-net we were about even with what we've forecasted. So the strong margins definitely helped there. But there's no doubt about it that it's hard to replace 49 days of production.
Alan Armstrong: I would also mention there that when we say we're long ethane, obviously that is at various cleared markets. And so as long as those markets are connected and fairly liquid between the spots, we're not obviously focused on just moving our molecules of ethane into our locations. So it's more a commercial link than it is actual physical molecules. We're concerned about managing.
Alan Armstrong: Well, more is always better if you're buying ethane. And so there's been a pretty significant delta and price between those 2 points, and this was an opportunity really to close some of that gap.
Alan Armstrong: Well, that's a very, very complex question, obviously. I would just say, first of all, that the market that all of the new olefin capacity is being built for in North America is not focused in North American markets. It's focused at exports. And so the global economy, obviously, is the thing to keep our eye on there. And expansions around the globe, I think are critical to that. So I do think that obviously, a continued downturn in the economy would have some people backing up. As Rory said, we think we are first in the queue there, so to speak with our planned expansion. But I do think that you'd have people checking and double-checking if we went into another recession like we were in before. There's not much doubt in my mind that, that would be the case. Whether there is ample frac-ing capacity to clear the fractionation capacity that's being built right now, I think it's a pretty complex question. Clearly, the NGL space is building up very rapidly. And there is going to have to be some cracking capacity built to consume that. And so I think it's a great question. I think it's a little early to call that, given the very near-term events we're seeing.
Alan Armstrong: Okay, great. Thank you all very much for joining us. Again, very excited about our second quarter. We continue to be very confident in the balance of '11 and '12 and beyond, given the transparency I think we have to a lot of great projects that we think the fundamentals remain very sound on. And while we didn't hear too much question about the current NGL market today, we can tell you that we remain very confident in the margins as they exist today, partially because of how high the margins got at the end of the second quarter and into the third quarter, how high they've been. We've got plenty of room for that to slip down and still be maintaining our guidance. So we really haven't seen the degradation in that market here in the last couple of days that you might be expecting. So we remain very confident about both the third quarter and through the balance of the year and excited about the growth in our businesses and the way those are all executing. And very proud of the way this organization is executing on both running the business, and as well as doing things like preparing for the IPO of WPX Energy. So great efforts around here and great results to show for it. So again, thank you very much for joining us this morning.
Rory Miller: Yes, the other thing I would say is there have been a lot of announced projects. Probably they're not all going to get built, but a number of them can. And I think in terms of the Q, in terms of when this expansion could get placed, we think we are probably in the next tranche to pass it and come into the markets. So we think timing is right, and that there's a window of opportunity for us ahead of the other announced projects.
Rory Miller: We've not formally announced that. I think Alan mentioned it in the call in the pre-recorded reported comments. But it's about a 40% plus increase in capacity there at Geismar. And we're shooting for some time, probably late 2013, for in-service. But as Alan mentioned, that will be going before the board in September.
Rory Miller: That is obviously a confidential contract. But it is a way for us, we think, to get some advantage pricing in the river. Alan mentioned some of the bottlenecks out there. We think that that's a going to be a very valuable contract for us, particularly with our Geismar expansion.
Rory Miller: I don't think we've given specific by area by basin yet, so I'm not sure if I'm during this period I'm not sure I'm allowed to do that. But clearly, we have a substantial amount of back up in the Marcellus and Laser [ph] field is going to come on in September. We also have in the Westmoreland, Clearfield Centre County areas, there's a backup about another $30 million. So I would need to check and see what we've given out publicly before I can do that. But we obviously have said that in the future we expect the Marcellus to grow to be around when 20% or so of our volumes as we move forward.
Rory Miller: It's really as simple as 49 days. We normally would see a couple of days of downtime. So you really could call it probably about half from a volume standpoint.
Rory Miller: Michael, I think as a follow-up to Alan's comments I don't think we want to go into the Southern Union example, but I mean, clearly, we're looking at that with every capital project that we put on...
Rory Miller: I would just say I think we have a lot of flexibility and the situation is different. And we're faced with changing markets on regular basis. Good news is again WPZ has a good strong base of assets and earnings and cash flows and great growth. We think it'll be a security that investors show strong preference to, we've great coverage. So we think it will outperform the MLP space. But there will be times when it's the whole market is tough and the MLP market's tough too. So we'll look to have contingency plans in everything we do.
Rory Miller: Yes, I think looking at that Crosstex deal, an opportunity to see a new pipeline built from Bellevue to the river area or at least to a point that it could get into our ethane system would be a great opportunity for us. Crosstex has got the kind of energy and the will to get that done. And it was way to help to get that project going and help make that a reality. We think that also is going to give us a preferred ethane price on the river compared to the other transportation options. And so for us, it seemed like kind of a no-brainer. They have the will to do it, they had some latent assets there that they can put back to use at Eunice, so it was a very good fit for us and we want to support it.
Rory Miller: Yes, just some general comments about Construction in the Marcellus, it is one of the tougher places in the country to build pipeline. The geography there is obviously not flat anywhere across the basin. There's a lot of farming, a lot of human interaction in almost every mile of pipe you build. And so the other thing I would add too around permitting is you have to deal with the townships there as well. So there's another level of permitting that you have to go through, which adds some complexity to it. The area in general has not seen the kind of activity that they’re seeing now, ever. And so, there is a lot of change in the rules, if you will, that adds complexity as well. So it has been a challenge I think over the last 2 years. We certainly perfected our model around how to execute significantly. But nevertheless, things are moving more slowly than we would like. I think it's the same on the producer side as well. Everything is a little more challenging to do in Pennsylvania than it is, say, in the highlands of Wyoming. So it is a challenge, and we think we're making good progress on it. But nevertheless, there's some slippage. It's not any indication of the quality of wells or the success up there, which has been phenomenal so far, particularly up in the Northeast area, all of the performances exceeded what we had in our plans. So we're delighted with the quality of wells, but the construction is the top spot. On Springville, we got all our major permits at hand that we need to get that pipeline built. We're under construction right now. We're clearing right away. We've got the major work going on the compressor stations. We have all of our permits in hand for our major bores that we got to do, some waterways and some roads. So everything that's on a critical path right now, we have a permit in hand for it. So that's moving nicely. We do have a couple of minor issues we're working out on the tie and point to Transco, but we're confident that going to be resolved shortly.
Randall Barnard: Yes, I'll be happy to. This is Randy Barnard with the Gas Pipes. We've been out in the market surveying the interest in our project and are very encouraged by the recent visits. It's a predominantly a producer-driven project. It's evolving to recognize the different geographies of the source or the supply; also evolving to recognize the different timing of in-service needs for the various potential shippers. Bottom line is we think we could have a project to announce by Q4 of this year. Open season within the next 2 to 3 months, bore outs expiring October for shippers and a month later for ourselves. A possible slippage into Q1 next year, but it's very encouraging right now for a late this year announcement.
Randall Barnard: It's in the neighborhood of $1.4 billion. But like I said, it's evolving. We may phase the project and there may be some telescope capacity. So as we refine it, that number could move. The slide -- once you get around to looking at the slides that were placed on our website, you will see that we have categorized the potential opportunities of the gas pipeline at around $1.7 billion. $1.3 billion of investment in guidance, $1.7 billion, if possible. And Atlantic access is the lion's share about $1.7 billion.
Randall Barnard: Actually not immediately, but as Marcellus grows, the reversal of flow is truly within the realm of the plumbing there. The growth we expect to Marcellus will outstrip the zone 6 demand eventually. So physical backflows may happen. But what Atlantic access offers to customers initially is firm backhaul opportunities into the Transco zone 5 which its fastest growing markets today. I mean, a lot of PowerGen load coming on incremental and convergent from coal. And so it would be a firm transportation backhaul into zone 5, with some secondary rights into zone 6. And that would take their delivery points all the way down to the Georgia-South Carolina border at the end of the zone 5 Transco which would include Alba island as a potential if it's ever reversed and it includes cold point and everything in between.
