Don Chappel: The combined MLP will be more than 80% fee based since all of the Access business is in fact fee based and much of it under cost to service or MVCs. There is really no direct commodity exposure there. So I think you can look solely at the Williams -- and if you look in our data back on slide 85 you can see the sensitivity of the price changes on commodities. Again I think we’re fairly diversified on the commodity front. It will represent less than 20% in 2015 and that percentage will likely continue to decrease as we grow the fee based business much more rapidly than the commodity side of the business.
Don Chappel: On a gross basis, it's 50% more as well. So you can use either number because we said more than but even more than a gross amount. In terms of the advantages of that project, I think it is almost two different projects frankly because I will tell you the strength of the Appalachian Connector project is that it does not just get you to station 65, it allows you to go directly to those LBC interconnects, directly to the town borders, directly to those markets. And so rather than sitting at a pooling point and being stuck with gas that you have already paid a rate to get there. You don't really have any options but to sell it at that point, you can go to multiple marks and you can go cut deals with people who want to have growing supplies on their system. So I would just tell that you is the distinction. It is very major distinction and as to whether there is room for both, I would just say that I think our shippers are speaking for themselves -- can't really speak for the other project, but I would just say given the way the response we have gotten from the shippers that are interested in our project, that would tell me there is room for two, I guess if the other project has economic support as well.
Don Chappel: From where we stand today, as you saw in our announcement, we've announced that construction is complete and we’re fully into the commissioning and start-up activities. These activities are largely focused on getting the plant dried out and oxygen freed and leak tested and rotating our major equipment in the plant in preparation for the startup. Sitting here today I would say November 15th, plus or minus a few days is where we should be for making first ethylene as is signaled by our announcement. Then as we look forward beyond that we are expecting a ramp-up, first, I would say what was the base plant rates in order to make certain that we get the entire machine lined out and make certain that we've got a good stable operating system at that point of operation and then shortly after that ramping it on up to the expanded capacity. The overall timeframe for getting that done from the day we start making first ethylene is going to be notionally around a month. It is going to be about four weeks but again we’re going to want to do this in a very disciplined way. We've brought some unbelievable operational discipline to the plant there in Geismar and the team is going about this startup in a very deliberate way and a very deliberate disciplined way. But I think that brings all the color you need to give a sense of how we are going to bring the plant back into operation.
Don Chappel: In terms of the 1.2 times we boosted the initial distribution I think before we said at least 349, we decided to go with 365, so quite a higher initial distribution there, that reduced the coverage a bit but the coverage is still well north of 1.1 times. And in terms of the transaction, we shifted coverage from Williams to the merged partnership. We thought that was the right thing to do to create the kind of valuation and the partnership to make it the lead entity to move Williams to a pure play GP HoldCo. So we shifted the coverage to WPZ again over that three year period, took the coverage down at Williams but nonetheless we still have over $300 million of cash coverage just in 2015 and 2016 really with no real need for that capital. It is nice to have, and I'm sure we will find a value adding use for it, but nonetheless rather than run 1.2 times coverage at Williams without a clear need for the excess coverage or having double coverage, in fact, with the partnership having coverage and Williams having coverage, we didn't see that adding value. So really shifted coverage to be very substantial at the partnership with again the industry leading growth rate for large cap MLPs and taking the coverage down at Williams to a level that we think is appropriate.
Don Chappel: Sharon, this could go either way, it's our expectation. We'll likely drop it to WPZ. It will likely happen just prior to the merger but it could happen concurrent with the merger, but it's something that we've got some flexibility on, but it's likely going to be first of the year.
Don Chappel: Chris, what we’re thinking is that the aggregate portfolio of assets, both the project we mentioned as well as a variety of other prospective projects would include includes the Syncrude prospect, the Canadian PDH, Geismar 2 and the Gulf Coast pipelines, they're all held by Williams NGL & Petchem Services, it would be dropped together and we would drop those at about invested capital, so book value if you will and that was part of our I will say negotiations as part of our merger.
Alan Armstrong: We would expect the merged partnership to maintain its kind of mid-BBB investment. Somewhere around four times debt to EBITDA on an adjusted basis so I think that will be the guide post. We think the business plan that we put forth with the $5 billion of EBITDA and the 10% to 12% growth rate through our guidance period that ends in 2017 can be financed with a very modest amount of equity. Obviously we’ve many more opportunities in front of us. Alan highlighted a couple of major ones. I would point out that those are fairly long lead time items so something like the pipelines that Alan mentioned would kind of service dates the financing for those is really out principally in 2017 and 2018.
Alan Armstrong: Sure, Christine. We can provide you the detail you're looking for there today. I would just tell you that there is a very substantial amount of gas that is available for processing from Chesapeake and potentially now Southwestern. So, I would just tell you there is a lot of acreage there that needs processing, some gathering and processing services and I would just say that we are very well positioned for both of those 0.
Alan Armstrong: I would say that it has varied. Obviously some of the smart money I would call it decided to take some risk off the table of that early and get out while the getting was good and I would say that sentiment is probably becoming more pronounced. I agree with the concern you raise and I do think that we will see some movement in that direction, because I don't think anybody wants to be left being the guy that was too greedy waiting for any more increase. I think people appreciate the market is pretty hot and so I do think we will continue to see a lot of assets coming out of the private equity sector into the market. And I think they will start to appreciate how much quality IPO there is that has some pretty major advantages over less substantial offerings.
Alan Armstrong: We’re not going to respond on exactly our position on that. We’re just not at liberty right now to discuss that. However, I would say that we have been looking at the Permian from a business development standpoint, particularly the Delaware basin for quite some time. From a Williams side, we've had a lot of producing customers that are customers elsewhere that have been interested in us providing services in the area where there is not much infrastructure and certainly we’re not interested in going into areas that are already well served, but I would tell you there is a lot of that basin that is not well served and we’ve been looking at it that and I would say we would like to enter it in a way that. One, it is well supported from a financial perspective and two that ultimately we get to a scale position that has competitive advantages and provided that we can accomplish both of those tasks, then yes we would be interested in entering the basin. But those are two pretty lofty goals in terms of making sure that the cash flows are well supported and that we’ve a clear line of sight on gaining scale and competitive advantage the way we usually enjoy in a basin.
Alan Armstrong: I would just tell you that the amount of new gas-fired power generation obviously in the southeast is a major issue as that area converts off of coal, if you follow some of the commentary from folks like Southern Company. I think one of their big concerns has been whether there would be adequate infrastructure built out in time, and reliable infrastructure to serve their power generation loads. And so I think this project helps answer some of that frankly. As well, we’re continuing to see obviously a lot it of folks wanting to get to spots where they can deliver to LNG contracts, and by getting all the way to station 65 with this gas, that option becomes available as well. And then, of course, we also have like the large methanol project that Transco has contracted to serve just south of station 65 as well. And as well, all of the southeast from just a general load standpoint continues to grow and so we see that continuing in those regions as well. So many projects like the Dalton Lateral for instance, are projects that need supply. And demonstrate the growing markets, the (indiscernible) expansion to serve Sabal Trail. I will just tell you Transco is winding up being the big high-pressure header that's right in the middle of all the market growth, and people realize that, and they want to be there, not just to serve any one particular market but to have the options of going to where that market growth is. And so it is really a network value, if you will, where you have all the best supplies in the country trying to get in to places where the best marks are and that mutually attracts each other to being connected to that big header.
Alan Armstrong: We have a relatively unique project. I would tell you that we have been working on and we’re not positioned to describe that just yet but we are pretty excited about it. And we think it's a very low-risk way of serving that growth in the market and we’re continuing on a nice trajectory to develop that project. But, yes we do have opportunities and yes we’re pursuing those.
Alan Armstrong: I would just say that we think there's a lot of ethane available with these growing gas supplies. However, what's not getting invested in actually right now is the infrastructure to be able to recover all that ethane and get it into all these points of consumption and obviously that's a business that we like, and one that we continue to have an eye towards in terms of how we play a critical role in distributing -- recovering and distributing all of that ethane. So I think, it's a very good question and it's at a time like this when the market seems to be awash in ethane, people are unwilling to invest in the infrastructure that it takes to get it recovered and into those markets, but we believe that just like what we are seeing on the gas side now where the demand is on the verge of really starting to grow pretty rapidly. We think the same thing will happen on the ethane side, but it is going to take quite a bit of infrastructure, and we are certainly working hard to plan that. We’re in the process of commissioning our Bayou Ethane project which extends ethane from Mont Belvieu over into Lake Charles area in Louisiana and ultimately connects into our system that gets ethane all the way over to the river, and so that's just an example of how we are positioning ourselves to be a solution to the problem that you describe which is going to eventually catch up with us.
Alan Armstrong: You know, until we take that to the board, Ted, and we've got an outside party involved in there as the customer and so I think until we get all that wrapped up we’re are not -- don't really want to be announcing any of those details just yet. But as you know we've continued to try to work that project in a way that it reduces our commodity exposure in that space is and we think we've found a nice way and a nice partner to accomplish that with.
Alan Armstrong: Well, I just think it non straits their confidence in the project and certainly they're the ones that have the very best seat at the table there. We certainly have worked alongside them and have our own internal perspective, but I would say anybody that's putting their money where their mouth is something you ought to pay attention to and they certainly have stepped up and done that.
Alan Armstrong: Craig, we continue to look at that, and obviously what we’re trading off there is the high margin and the benefit we get from that versus the stability of fee based structure, and as well I would tell you we really would like to do a transaction that pulls all the way through our infrastructure. In other words, takes advantage of the ethane supplies and death that I know length that we’ve, our upstream business, and pulls that all the way to our own infrastructure. And so that would be our preference on how we would do that and provided we could make enough margin in the fee based side to help offset a large portion of that commodity margin. We would do that and so I would just tell you we are always weighing that balance internally, but it is a hard margin, especially given how strong the fundamentals are right now. It is a hard margin to give up, but we do continue to look at that and I would say it would probably come in the way of a fairly large structured transaction for us to get that because it would, as I have mentioned, would it involve trying to get the value chain all the way back through our access.
Alan Armstrong: It might come with contracting on Geismar 2 perhaps -- and perhaps a portion of that so it could come ahead of that.
Alan Armstrong: I would just say -- to answer your question directly is no, but I would say that we see a lot of opportunity. We've had some very encouraging meetings with the Chesapeake team and really honestly, pretty impressed, frankly, by the attitude that Doug Lawler is bringing to that and kind of a high trust relationship that we’re used to working in and one that we can really drive win-win solutions for each other in. And so while we don't have anything specific there, I would tell you I see a lot of opportunity between our companies to continue to expand our relationship in a way that's beneficial for both parties.
Alan Armstrong: It's just a typical SEC process so we will file the S-4 within the next couple of weeks, then it's just a question of how quickly we get through the SEC. It could move very quickly or it could be a bit longer. So that's really the wild card. It's just really the SEC process for the S-4. As we indicated in our documents Williams has sufficient votes to ensure that the vote is in favor of the merger and in fact, we have already committed to vote in favor of the merger. So there is no doubt as to the outcome. So it is really just the SEC's S-4 clearance process.
Alan Armstrong: Craig, we’re vigorously pursuing the claim and we think we’ve a very strong claim. Obviously the insurers would like to pay less, so there's some level of debate. I don't think we want to go into the details, but certainly we’re actively engaged in the process. We and our insurers have now agreed to non-binding mediation in an effort to resolve differences and we’re going to begin that later in the month of November. As to what happens if WPZ falls short, it will just be a shortfall in the collection. It will be kind of a onetime item that I think and that's the way we look at it, really no other action that would be related to that. But again, we’re vigorously pursuing the claim and we will begin the mediation process in late November.
Alan Armstrong: I would answer the second one first. I think very similar kind of the targets of course a larger portion of this project is Greenfield in terms of the capital amount so we had a less leverage if you will off the existing system. So potentially, depending on the ultimate size potentially could be a little bit lower than what we enjoyed on Atlantic Sunrise just because that was pretty extraordinary, but still very attractive returns on the project. Secondly, I would say that the -- as to the partnership and arrangements there, we think we've got a good project going ahead and while there may be some partners that bring some strategic value to it that we would entertain right now. We would tell you we have a project that we think stands pretty well on its own at this point.
Alan Armstrong: I would just tell you we’re in the stage of negotiating those agreements and making great progress on that and obviously the quicker we get them done, the less risk we’ve on the timing. But I would tell you we've got a very sober viewpoint out there these days on what it takes to get these projects built and we've got that built into our perspective. But having said that, we can't spend six months getting the agreements negotiated, so I would say it's more -- a couple months to get this done within our expectations. Again, I think the appetite that we’re seeing, I think that's very doable at this point.
Alan Armstrong: The only thing that we've put out there, Sharon obviously, is that the merged MLP of $50 million savings and I would tell you we think that's very achievable at this point. And we really haven't though put a number to the commercial side and I would tell you some of it will be pretty hard to characterize. For instance, if we’re able to pick up volumes and develop a project like Atlantic Connector based on some of those synergies, that's a longer term value proposition but nevertheless valuable. And so we haven't really put any kind of numbers to the commercial side of that yet and as I said it's such a fluid situation in terms of customer responses and so forth, that's going to be pretty hard for us to quantify. But we’re certainly excited what we’re seeing, and Jim Scheel and John Seldenrust, John runs that area for ACMP, are working closely together to capture a lot of those and I think both of them are pretty impressed with the amount of opportunities that we’re seeing.
Alan Armstrong: I would just tell you, Timm, as we've said all along, we’re always interested in acquisitions that are write-down or ally in terms of being strategic and in areas that further strengthen our hand, but we’re not interested in just doing (indiscernible) acquisitions that aren't additive to our strategy. And so I would just say we’re going to be very selective, but given the large footprint that we have there is a number of project that would add a lot of synergies. I would even suggest something like QEP. Not surprising to me that somebody assumed we would be the buyer because I would tell you we would be a pretty good buyer for those assets just given the synergies that we’ve in the area. And so we will certainly be keeping our eyes open as to the equity value. I would tell you obviously we've demonstrated we think we’re really undervalued substantially right now, but we think that will correct itself in the not too distant future. So we’re going to be pretty stingy with our equity obviously when it's valued like it is right now but we do have our eyes open and we do have other financing means given the strong step-up in cash flows that we've got coming our way.
Alan Armstrong: You've asked a lot in that question, so let's take it piece by piece. Looking forward into next year in the fourth quarter, late third quarter – fourth quarter, obviously we've got to finish up the tie-ins for the horizon project which will be coming on-line. So we can expect there will be some outage during that time. We try and minimize the impact of these outages by continuing -- we keep our wells as dry as possible ahead of the outages so that we keep the gas, or the liquids flowing out of the LEP unit up at Fort McMurray for as long as practical. We minimize the impact. So that's I think where we’re there. And then to the second point as to how do we increase, and perhaps I would ask the question a little differently, how do we increase the reliability of the gas flow. We’re spending an enormous amount of effort and time in collaboration with Suncor to help both solve some of their problems which they have some real problems that need to be solved at their plant as well as to obviously assist them in getting more gas to our plant. Until we have multiple sources of gas getting to our plants, multiple sources of liquids, I think we are always going to be beholden to the reliability of our single supplier there. So I guess -- I don't want to give the excuse it's out of our control, because we want to work with Suncor in maximizing our opportunities at this stage but until we have the multiple sources I think we’re going to have the risk of the single source of supply in front of us.
Alan Armstrong: I would just say that we do think we’re not being valued for the growth at either the MLP or at the parent level right now and frankly, I think that's to be understood given the outage at Geismar and some of the risks around that and some of these major projects that we’re bringing on-line. And so I think now as those issues are cured, I think we could see a pretty big step-up on that. So I would just tell you, we’re pretty energized about how our strategy is playing out. We think there is a lot of acquisition opportunities that would be dead in-line with our strategy and continuing to strengthen that. And certainly with the major footprint that we have now with the combination of Access and WPZ, there is just more opportunities out in front of us that we are the right buyer for. So I would tell you, I think we’re in a pretty offensive posture, but I would say two things, tamp that a little bit. One, of course, is that we do need to see our equities valued properly and two, when you've got such a tremendous growth in your cash flows built into your model and you're running accretion analysis, You’ve got a big step to climb there to be accretive against such a terrific growth pattern that we already have. So it's great problem to have when your base business is growing so strong to look at these acquisitions. But at the end of the day we’re very focused on our vision of being the player in this natural gas space on the infrastructure side and we’re going to stay committed to that vision but do it in a financially prudent manner.
Alan Armstrong: Great. Thank you very much. Well, as you can see, this growth is right on the verge of here at WPZ. ACMP continues to perform extremely well and the combination of these two great organizations is something to be very excited about. However, as we think about all of this growth, I think one thing I want to recognize to our investor base here is the tremendous amount of toil and effort that goes on by these teams that are bringing these big projects in. It is not an easy job these days to work these projects and do it in a safe manner and there is all kinds of hurdles that are constantly facing these big projects and these teams have stayed with it and done their work in a safe and reliable manner and I just want to say a big thanks because of all these great rewards that we’re able to offer back to our shareholders are really coming through the efforts of our great operating teams and our project management teams. So I want to recognize the great effort that's going on there. So with that, thank you all very much for joining. Appreciate, as always, the great questions and we’re really looking forward to really seeing this major powerhouse really starting to take off. Thank you very much.
