James Scheel: I think we've been pretty consistently talking about - Chesapeake has moved rigs out of the Utica, specifically the Cardinal wet gas area, over the course of the last couple of years. Alan referenced that we've kind of hit an inflection point with no drilling. We've seen natural declines that have caused us to drop from our high of about 1 Bcf a day to just under 700 Mcf as we go into the first quarter. We anticipate volumes ramping up. Chesapeake is moving in additional rigs. Some of that reduction, though on the wet-side has been offset by new drilling in the dry Utica. And we see that volume increasing.
James Scheel: Yes. I guess, just going in. We didn't really have a decline of 11%. We had some systems that were off. But overall, on our consolidated volume, from a - let me…
James Scheel: Yes, again, that really goes back to the base story that we just talked about, which is the Utica volumes were down primarily, and those were offset by higher volumes in the dry gas areas, primarily around Susquehanna Supply Hub and Bradford. And so, those balanced out effectively from an EBITDA perspective, and we were able to overcome those volume declined on an EBITDA basis.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, thank you, Christine. We're always happy to work with customers that have things to bring to the table. And we certainly have continued that effort in the OVM area, and really excited to see the kind of development that is going on. We're getting a tremendous amount of well-connect requests that are probably coming in a little faster than we thought. And so, we do think that processing capacity we have available in the OVM is very valuable. And so we want to make sure that we maximize the value of that in whatever transaction that we do. But, really excited to see all the activity, excited to see EQT out there, really getting active on some of that acreage that was somewhat fallow or especially underfunded, and so I think there's some real big promise coming into the Ohio River area, as a lot of new activity is occurring in that area.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, Christine, we don't have any processing capacity in the Barnett. All we have there is gathering, compression and a dehy. So, we don't have any processing facilities there in Barnett, so really not in a position to take advantage of any of that in the Barnett, if I understood your question correctly.
Alan Armstrong: No, we haven't. We haven't disclosed that as yet. We'll be providing some more detail around that at our Analyst Day coming up.
Alan Armstrong: I do think we've said - Christine, I do think we've said that it's for the full requirements of the plant.
Alan Armstrong: And that historically has been 50,000 to 55,000 barrels a day, depending on whether we're in ethane or propane or depending on if we're cracking all ethane or not.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, that's very dependent on where the - where the ethane is coming in. And remember, we also have ethane supply points coming in from our Baton Rouge frac, as well as - at Port Allen as well from our parity system as well. So we can actually pick up ethane from three different points to supply under that contract. And so - but the capacity is very dependent on where that production is coming in. But we did complete a pretty significant expansion earlier this year. And so, we're well positioned to supply the Mississippi River with ethane.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, I think what you're going to see is particularly in - from each of the OA leads, you're going to see the drivers of growth and the leverage. For instance, the operating leverage we have in the Northeast and what volumes mean to us in terms of EBITDA there. You'll also see a little more portfolio of the kind of opportunities we're pursuing in - along Transco system. And then finally, you'll see some - in Don's presentation, you'll see some of the drivers of growth into 2018 as well. So we're not going to be providing guidance like we used to, but we are going to be putting some pretty specific terms out there on what those drivers are and give you a lot better opportunity to make your own assessment.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, that's a really complicated answer to that, Faisel. But, let me just say that we did have - and before, we did have both the cost of operating the pipeline and we had revenues. A lot of that just showed up, if you will, and coming out of the margin of Geismar. So it's a little bit complicated when you think about trying to pull out the Geismar revenue. I will say, though, that we do expect a pretty modest uplift in revenues from that transaction as a result of it. So we'll provide a little more detail and color on that at Analyst Day, but it is a positive for us. And it will be showing up now as third-party fee-based revenue and dropping all the way to the bottom line, where previously it kind of would have been buried in that Geismar margin.
Alan Armstrong: Sure. First of all, on the ETE piece, there was a hearing around the process and discovery process on that a couple of weeks ago, I guess. And so that - in that, the judge came back and said he wanted to consider that a little further in terms of, what that discovery process, and so there's motions coming forward on that. So that wages on, if you will. On the Constitution piece, we continue to work with the administration on that, continue to feel good about that. And as well, the court process continues on Constitution as well. And so Constitution, we feel like is an upside to us, but we're optimistic that there's a lot of people, including the unions have been a big support for us on that, labor unions, who really want to see projects like that go forward. And of course, the state of New York's denial on the 401 certificate for Northern Access for National Fuel also turned the heat up a little bit on this issue as well, and so - which appears to be a pretty similar situation. And so I would say that the pressure is mounting on the issue, and you've got projects there that are both important to New England and to New York as well as important to jobs and getting some of the regulatory morass out of the way of getting the infrastructure built, all of which is a top priority for the administration. So, feel like we've got a lot of people on our side on that, and we're going to continue to push forward on it.
Alan Armstrong: We are thinking it's in the not-too-distant future, though, so but if things go like we would expect them to.
Alan Armstrong: Well, it's certainly very positive for us. We're really excited about the transaction because it did allow us to obtain very reliable, long-term fee-based revenues out of the transaction. And so we're really excited about what that looks like and the terms of that contract. So we think that was a very smart transaction in that regard. There's really nothing much more complicated than that, frankly, about the transaction other than the fact that it allowed us to retain some fee-based revenue. We do have other customers on the system, and we think that system is extremely well positioned to continue to expand as our customers expand. And so we're really excited to be able to serve NOVA. And of course, they've got big plans for expansions in the Gulf Coast. And we want to be there and be a good reliable provider to them and grow with them. So I would say, it's really nothing more than continuing to have stable fee-based revenues, and taking and retaining a bit of that, if you will, out of the Geismar EBITDA.
Alan Armstrong: There are some opportunities as some of the projects expand there in Beaumont-Port Arthur area, but we don't have anything that we're planning to announce here in the near future.
Alan Armstrong: I don't know that we've disclosed that. I'll tell you more specifically what it amounted to, is it took quite a bit of volume out of Markham that gets fed up from some of the Eagle Ford volumes that gets fed by a competitor's pipeline into Markham. So it took some of the volumes out of Markham, some of the rich gas volumes coming into Markham. And on the Discovery system, even though it didn't impact our volumes, it actually shutdown the whole system for, I think, four, five days, six days. So we lost six days to discover in the quarter, which is pretty significant. And so - because it wasn't just the processing and fractionation facility, it took the whole facility - the whole system out for a bit. So anyway, great job by our team of helping the third-party there safely recover and getting our Discovery system. We were able to move some volumes around and keep some of our customer volumes flowing, but it certainly impact our revenues pretty significantly on Discovery in the quarter.
Alan Armstrong: Remember, Becca, the Barnett system shows up in that unconsolidated numbers, and so growth on Bradford.
Alan Armstrong: I don't think, we're showing that level of detail what we did report, and I think, we'll follow that through, but we did show a 21% decline, as I mentioned in my comments, in the Barnett.
Alan Armstrong: We have not given detail on that. I would say stay tuned for our Analyst Day, and we'll give you a little better idea there at the Analyst Day, kind of the full package on that.
Alan Armstrong: Well, again, the Barnett, it certainly did, because we were fixed on our MVC, based on what the cash we got paid last year. So that restructure in Barnett was the most significant. There was - so - of the restructure, that was the biggest [ph].
Alan Armstrong: And sorry, on - maybe I didn't understand your question. On land energy, we did have them reject a processing contract that we had in Opal as well, so it's a fairly low margin contract, but they [saw our planned input volumes of correctly] [ph] in the West.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. No, I think people - if you're thinking about - if you're a buyer of natural gas, if you're a big LDC, you're converting over to gas off of coal or if you're building an industrial facility, likely, if you're in that pathway, you really want to connect to something that's a long-term low cost supply. And so, we continue to see that dependence and people really looking at those low cost supplies as something that they would much prefer to connect with, either through long-term gas purchase contracts that we've seen quite a bit of where a producer knows what they can produce and the cost they can produce at. I think if that's the business you're in, you really want to be focused on something that's not at the whims of oil prices in terms of development. And so, I think that what we're seeing is a very consistent theme, which is people continuing to focus on the very low cost resources and being able to contract through for those for their long-term dependence on that fuel. So I'd say things remain very healthy there, and we continue to see a lot of demand. As Rory pointed out on our Southeastern Trails, we're kind of sometimes shocked by the degree of demand that we're seeing in trying to get gas out of these very low cost resources into these growing markets.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, sure. I'll take that first, and then, I'm going to turn that second part of that to Walt. But on the first, the good news, the bad news on these fully contracted pipelines, there is just not that much variability, did see a little bit of uplift in IT revenues on Northwest Pipeline, but when you have these fully contracted pipelines like Transco, Northwest and Gulfstream, you just don't see much movement from quarter to quarter other than a little bit of IT revenues, because they're fully sold out versus some of the pipelines - some of the other interstate pipelines you see that are more dependent on actual volumes flowing. And so, our volumes are up, which is healthy, because it says that there is demand growing consistent with what ultimately leads to expansions. But in terms of what the revenues we take in, it really doesn't move all that much, as you can see looking at history. And Walt, maybe you'll take the question on the longer lead projects.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. Well, obviously, as we continue to execute well, that would move us towards the upper end ultimately on that, as we continue to execute well. But I think in terms of the question around what we do with excess cash, certainly, the first thing we've talked about is taking down the revolver debt at WMB. That's really about the only thing we can easily take out in terms of debt at WMB and well on our way to doing that. But beyond that, we'll determine when we come to that point, and we've got that down, then we'll determine what we think the very best use of that cash is from a shareholder perspective. And so that will be a consideration towards the back end of the year likely.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. I think certainly, with all the new pipeline capacity that's underway and systems like ours that are fully contracted, the pipeline capacity is getting built. As you'll see in our presentation next week, there's also a lot of power gen demand coming on for the Northeast as well, right, within the circle of pain, if you will, where people are trying to take advantage of all that low cost supply in the power generation market. So we think very positive things in terms of demand for the Northeast is coming. And I think, as I mentioned earlier, I think the big long-term gas demands really want to try to take advantage of the low cost - big low-cost supplies. And even if you get out on the outer end of ranges that I've seen of around 5 Bcf a day of incremental growth through 2021, it's just not near enough to really stay up - from the Permian - it's just not near enough to stay up with the kind of demand growth that we're seeing in the balance. And so, we'll hit that next week in some detail, but I would just say that the kind of demand we're seeing come on is really going to take a big low cost gas resource like the Marcellus and the Utica that people can count on that production being there through the valleys and peaks that tend to occur in the oil business. So we think the Marcellus and Utica certainly established itself as the supply basin for a lot of this incremental demand, and it's really the only one that can come on with that kind of scale.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, good question. I would say on our major projects that we have right now, we're under construction. And some of the big projects like the NESE project that Rory talked about earlier, pretty unique labor set there, because you're right in very heavily congested area and you're in some of - quite a bit of that work is actually in Raritan Bay in offshore. So pretty unique contractor set that will be on that project. But overall, I would say our team has done a really good job of anticipating a lot of increase in construction and have done a good job of getting out in front of that in terms of contracting. So feel pretty comfortable there right now in terms of how we're positioned, but certainly, we could see some pressure in the large diameter market as some of these big projects like Mountain Valley and Atlantic Coast Pipeline start - and Rover start to take hold.
Alan Armstrong: Great. Well, thank you all very much. I appreciate everybody joining us today. Really excited about the way the team is executing and really excited about the prospects ahead of us and we look forward to talking to you about that next week. So thanks again for joining us.
Rory Miller: Yes, I would say the multiples - we are going to do a little bit - I think updating you in Analyst Day on the multiples of some of these historical projects that we've been doing. But I would say, this is kind of in that same sweet spot. It's been a good position for us to be in. We've been able to leverage our existing system. And so the returns have kind of stayed in that range for projects where we've had some brownfield scope to them. That - I think in terms of in-service, I thought that one was in 2020. I don't have it right in front of me. But that like we've been doing on all of our projects, the stated in-service dates are going to be more of a P90 [ph]. And, of course, our target in-service date we're going to be trying to beat that if we can.
Rory Miller: Yes, on Southeastern Trail, this would be a capacity that we're selling that would either be latent in the system itself, because it is flowing north to south, or we'll be adding new facilities to provide that capacity. We are right in the middle of the sausage-making [ph] right now on Southeastern Trail. We did have an open season. And although I'm not going to get into the details of that, I would tell you that the requests far exceeded what we have capability to offer. So we're going through the process doing all the technical work, trying to understand what's the most efficient way to expand the system and take advantage of some of that latent capacity. And then, we'll be generating rates, going back to the customers. Having iterative process to settle in on an actual capital size, capacity, and then get the deals closed. So we're probably right in the middle of that process. I don't think it's a week or two. It's, say, we're more at the midpoint in getting that sorted and settled.
Rory Miller: Yes, I'll take that. Maybe starting with our Keathley Canyon Connector, that facility is running fully loaded. The South Hadrian gas field and Lucius are making up most of the volumes in there. But it continues to run fully loaded and our downstream plant at Larose is running right at nameplate capacity, so great performance there. I would say over in the Eastern Gulf, some other noteworthy projects that we've had over the last couple of years are our Gulfstar project. And I also would characterize that as a bit of a slow start. The operator had some challenges - downhole challenges, but some subsea or a downhole valve litigation that was all part of that. But the fields actually, the Tubular Bells field and then the tieback that we made at Gunflint, those are really starting to line out and produce nicely. In fact, a couple of days ago, we hit 50,000 barrels a day through the facility. It's been averaging a little bit below that, but it's performing very well. I would say this year, it's really hitting its stride, performing better than it did last year. The other thing, I'll mention, we had a tieback to our old Devils Tower bar with a field called Kodiak that was a one well tieback. And they recently recompleted into another zone, so it's being co-mingled. And they almost doubled production out of that well, so really good performance over in the Eastern Gulf. Of course, there are always declines, but I feel like this year, the operations have - not only on our side, but on the producers side has kind of hit their stride, and we think that's pretty solid.
