Alan Armstrong: Well, I think there's obviously been a lot of focus on Chesapeake, in the Haynesville and certainly they've had a strong year of growth. But our teams have been out contracting with other customers and have been very successful with other customers in the area. And likely we will start to see some reduction in the growth we've enjoyed from Chesapeake volumes, we're now starting to see that picked up by third parties and we're really excited to be working with some of those and we've got some very collaborative ideas about the way to grow the Haynesville volumes out there. So we're actually pretty encouraged about what we've been able to work with other producers that surround and integrate with the Chesapeake acreage.
Alan Armstrong: Well, I would say there's a combination there. Obviously, it depends on what the market is in the area and so I'm not going to comment on specifically what those rates are but obviously it just depends on what kind of market apparently, we have in there.
Alan Armstrong: That's a great question. I would say we've seen very steady volumes there in the Piceance and so that's been a real positive. And it and it is mostly private money driving that. A lot of those folks as you know put hedges out in front and so they're just drilling up against those hedges. And then in Wyoming, in place like the Wamsutter, we have seen some slowing of what was some very robust growth but we are still seeing some nice growth there and the Wamsutter. Probably the area that I would expect to see more decline on volumes would be the gathering upstream of our old power processing plant would be the area. So a lot of that gas we don't gather, that is gathered by third parties but we do the processing on it so that's probably the biggest decline we are seeing in the Rockies right now is pullback in that area.
Alan Armstrong: That's an excellent question, Gabe. And I would just tell you that the free cash flow growth as you can see by the increase in coverage that we've got this year against it, we don't see any change in getting outside of that range that steady 5% to 7% range that we've talked about for dividend growth because the cash flow growth in a year where the capital spending might be lower, is just that much stronger. And obviously, we can see the growth coming because most of our capital despite we will have some capital in most of our capital, next year is going as I mentioned in my notes, most of our capital is going into regulated projects and therefore that cash flow growth is highly predictable to us in terms of when that's coming on. And so, we're not having to guess about what that growth in the prior years will be around that.
Alan Armstrong: We cannot speak to that at this point. So I would just say there's a number of trade-offs around that but we cannot speak to that at this point.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, I would just say certain projects like for instance the Regional Energy Access project which will be taken to the board. So we'll see increase perhaps from what we had forecasted earlier on the regulated side but decrease in particularly in the G&P area and as we've talked about a lot of the growth that we have in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico doesn't require much capital relative to its growth and so we're going to enjoy some pretty attractive. There is one project in particular there that is going to require some capital and that started to get very clear for us in terms of what that's going to require in the Deepwater but a lot of the projects that we're working on there that the producer is providing the capital for. So I would just say for '20 as I mentioned, the '20 CapEx is definitely going to be dominated between the regulated gas pipeline and the long haul NGL pipeline that we're doing the Bluestone Pipeline that's going to dominate the 2020 CapEx. As Micheal mentioned, there is some cost of service capital still going into place in places like Bradford but majority in 2020 is going to be on the transmission side and it looks like based on the continued demand for the regulated pipe that we're going to continue to see some growth there and then as we get into '21 and '22, we will start to see the some of the impact of - one of the deepwater projects that I talked about start to impact our capital for '21 and '22. So I think that's about all I can give you right now sort of what we're going to show you at the Analyst Day.
Alan Armstrong: I think the only thing else we've heard is trucking LNG or bringing in propane. So I think that's the options other than more oil burning. I mean it is interesting because there is so much growth going on it surprises us I think when we realized how much real demand growth there is going and how fast the growth is going on in the Brooklyn and Bronx area there and that is what's really putting pressure on this issue is not just the conversion but as well the growth that's going on there. So it's pretty overwhelming as we studied it, what's really driving the growth there. And so, as Micheal said, I think that really gives us a lot of confidence both the ability to help reduce emissions in the area, but to also there's got to be support for economic development there in a sustainable way and therefore that gives us a lot of confidence.
Alan Armstrong: Jeremy, thank you. And I'm really glad you brought that question forward because I think there might be some confusion brewing on this issue. We really, we're just trying to remind people because we do have so much growth going on across the business and particularly with this Transco rate case which again we can't lay out the details on that but we really are trying to remind people as they start to see all these positives that they don't pile that on to the level that it gets inappropriately high growth rate but we certainly expect significant growth next year. We just want to make sure people don't get too far ahead of us and that they're taking those issues into account because people are really starting to form their model for 2020 and we just want to make sure that they're taking all these other variables into account because I think if you start piling all these positive things on top of each other, you would actually get to a pretty high growth rate, if you're not taking into account things like the Barnett in the Gulfstar step down, so that's really what we're trying to do there is just remind people to build that into our model. And so, perhaps our conservatism on that over did that a little bit but that was what we were trying to accomplish now.
Alan Armstrong: Well, I would just say the thing that we've really done well and I call credit Micheal and his very engaged oversight on this is we have just been making sure that we're not putting capital out in front the growth and so we have really reign that end and so we've really made sure that any growth capital that we're investing in most of these areas comes with some either an MVC or rate increase that supports it so that we're not out on a limb building out in front of a bunch of growth and so that's the discipline and as a result of that people are not willing to make those commitments were pulling in the capital that. And so that is really what provide a lot of opportunity as well in UIO the synergies there is with the UEOM is a great example there where we had capital expansions, we were going to have to make for fractionation there. And by doing that deal, we were able to eliminate that we also have been able to work with some of the other processors in the area and take overflow volumes rather than seeing capital being invested in the areas. So we really, and it's nice to see the whole industry really trying to bring that capital discipline across the space, because I think that makes us all healthier and so we're seeing a lot of discipline that is showing up as higher returns and better free cash flow for us here in 2020 and beyond.
Alan Armstrong: I would just say we are, we still see very significant opportunity along those fronts. And we're really excited. I think one of the things that we have going for us is that where our assets are, we tend to have very well-positioned assets with very strong contract behind them and very long-lived contracts behind them and as a result of that, that gives a lot of security of the cash flows that we have. And that's exactly what the private side investor, not necessarily typical private equity but the private funds, pension funds and so forth is that's exactly what they're looking for and so we make a great joint venture partner with those folks because we're a safe, reliable and conservative minded operator. And so, we make a great partner for those folks. And so, yes to answer your question we see some pretty significant opportunity there and we are working that angle pretty hard.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, I mean part of it certainly was price. If you look at the cash flow relative to the price paid and kind of ignore the structuring around that, it's pretty low return and so that was certainly a piece of it and then there was some consideration that we received in exchange for that and we're not going to discuss the details of that. So we certainly took a look at it but it just didn't make sense really for our given our other investment opportunities that we have. It really just been stack up against our other investment opportunities.
Alan Armstrong: Yes. It's a great question. I would just say that our performance or our guidance certainly takes in that into account and it's just one of those things that just like we've seen the negative impact of low cycle NGL margins is one of those things that offsets that - the beauty of having a big diversified business to be able to see some positives and some negatives during the year. So, but it definitely is considered as we think about the guidance affirmation for the year.
Alan Armstrong: It's good question. I would just say we have so much investment opportunity already that are at higher returns than what we've seen of - then realized in those projects that given our continued focus on balance sheet as well as the higher return investment opportunities that we have that just wouldn't make sense right now and obviously there is always learnings when you venture into something new and we think there's risk obviously associated with that and bottom line is sticking to our knitting right now we think is going to add a lot of value and is the right approach for us. Having said that, there are things like our right of ways and things like that that can be very valuable when it comes to renewables but we are very convinced after studying this issue a lot that the natural gas generation that has to go along with the renewables effort is going to continue to be a big driver of growth for us and it is showing up in very real ways in terms of RFPs and negotiations with customers even beyond the visibility that we provided to date on that. And so until that word in or we can start to see that starting and I just don't think we've got capital or risk appetite to venture into something new given the opportunities in front of us today.
Alan Armstrong: I don't really think so just because there is some MVCs and so forth that are getting built into some of the capital it's going in right now. So I really don't think that would be a real good assumption, it is a good question but I don't think-- it's certainly might be for certain areas as we get towards the end of the year here. I mean we have already seeing volumes obviously here in the fourth quarter that show us continued growth. So on an actual basis here so I don't know that would be a very fair assessment given what we're seeing here in October and then there is other areas that like in the Bradford where we have real capital but it is going into place in the cost of service will step up as a result of that. So good question, but I would tell you right now I kind of doubt that would be the case.
Alan Armstrong: Yes I mean obviously if you think about the way that works, we have to record our best available information that come through in that but the rate case has a lot of complex issues to be dealt with and I would just say that not all of those are reflected in that change that you saw. And so that's why I know everybody wants to jump ahead, we would rather have not had to show anything on that honestly but from an accounting rule standpoint, we have too but it is not the whole picture and we look forward to be able to share that whole picture there.
Alan Armstrong: Yes, I would just say that first of all, we remain confident on that. And so really don't see that as something that we'd be looking at the trade up. I think as we get further out and we get below down to the credit metrics that we want to, I definitely think that will be on the table as a debate but right now the I know that we see a big hole in our capital coming up just because while there might be little changes here and there in the grander scheme of things, I don't really see a big change come in there and any anything that would present itself here in the very near term as a surprise, excess cash available would just go out and be to taken the credit metric down very quickly.
Alan Armstrong: Great question. Well, certainly the path we're on gets us to the four two. It's a question of, if there is additional value added transactions that we could do in other words that would add value to the equity side as well rather than just taking down the debt and so some of the transactions that we've done to date, we think a very valuable to shareholders where we've been able to sell assets at 14 to 15 times and redeploy that capital into higher return investment opportunities. And so we think as long as that continues to be available to us so that's really good value for our shareholders and we'll continue to pursue that, but the first thing we would do, it's just a matter of how fast we get there, really the first thing we would do with excess cash would be to take it down four two. And I'll just remind you in terms of the '19, we are already below the four five here for or '19 and so we're making great progress towards that. But it really just a question of rate or acceleration of that goal. But we certainly are on that trajectory is just that it's a big number and we can move it a lot quicker, if we were to do some transaction.
Alan Armstrong: Okay. Well, great, thank you all for the really good questions. And we really look forward to sharing the growth that we've got ahead of us within the Analyst Day. So we look forward to seeing you there. Thanks again.
Micheal Dunn: Gabe, this is Micheal Dunn. We will have a capital program up there. We have expansions that are ongoing in the Bradford that will continue to spend money on that are coming online in the second quarter. So we do still have a pretty significant program there and also some well connect activity as well. So I don't think you would see as robust as what we're spending this year by any means but we will still have some capital investment going on in the Northeast.
Micheal Dunn: I will take that. This is Micheal. We're still confident the NESE is going to have some approvals this fall that allow us to start construction in order for us to meet that winter of 2021 timeframe and why we're confident is because of the significant emissions reduction opportunities that the project allows our customer and the customers of our customer in their service territory in Brooklyn and Long island but also the economic development impact is a very significant if this project does not get built. And so that's why it gives us a lot of confidence that this will happen and obviously you see the headline and we have been very responsive to the regulators in regard to what their concerns were with our permitting applications that we've remedy those we believe and we do have full expectations that we will have permits in place so that we can start construction this fall. And our teams do a great job of getting projects done on time and we certainly have developed contingency plans to accelerate construction if we get crunched on our schedule but we certainly believe we can make the December of '20 timeframe so that our customer can meet their peak load requirements that are occurring in the next winter season after this winter. Other projects in the queue, I would just tell you we have about $3 billion of capital that we're actively working that's just on the Transco system including NESE and Regional Energy Access and the other projects that we've talked about and certainly will provide a lot more information on this at Analyst Day but we have great confidence in this $3 billion of CapEx, it's about 2.5% Bcf of capacity increase alone on the Transco system. And these are the ones that we have very high confidence and I can tell you we're working on another couple of billion dollars capital investment just for the Transco system now that certainly out into the future, we're talking maybe a 2020-2024 timeframe as to when those projects will be in service but there is a long runway of projects just on the Transco system that we're actively working now. We have high confidence in it.
Micheal Dunn: Yes. Because I wouldn't think of anything that would bring anything on the pipeline side, a very standard tariff and obviously you have to treat everybody the same on the regulated pipelines. On the gathering stuff, I would just say, we always have our eyes open to ways we can add value on that but there is really not anything we're aware of out there that would motivate us to lower any rates that are out there other than on a short-term basis to increment volumes in an area to spur drilling. But I really don't know of anything that would motivate us to lower rates from our existing rates out there other than for the increment sometimes that we do to incent drilling in the area.
Micheal Dunn: Yes, this is Micheal. I would say it was actually a very good negotiation with our shippers as we always have with the Transco organization and we have a great relationship there with the shippers and the regulators over those customers as well. And there is always contentious issue that somebody wants to make sure that they have success on and I would say both sides walked away from that pleased with the outcome. And we are happy to get it behind us and able to go through the litigation of the of the rate case and so there's always some issue that it can be contentious. But I think both sides dealt with it very professionally.
Micheal Dunn: This is Micheal. I will take the question on the Keansburg plant. We commission that on time and on budget. Our team did a great job following up our Fort Lupton plant $200 million a day plant that we commissioned back in April. And we're able to balance volumes between those two plants and right now we're doing so and catching a lot of additional volume from spillover customers that have other arrangements and aren't being met with our competitor peer group in the DJ Basin and so we're actually tracking a lot of additional business there. Our Fort Lupton plant was at full capacity already and our Keansburg plant was at about 50% capacity pretty darn quick there and right now we're balancing between those two plants based on deliverability of NGLs off the plants as well as residue gas. So pretty good load factor on both those plants right now considering just came online this year.
John Chandler: This is John Chandler, if you think about that in many ways would be something like debt on our books and we're paying lease payments against that meet interest. We looked at that long and hard to actually buy that interest in what we would have incurred an additional $400 million in debt. Basically, to do that and that's taking our leverage the wrong way. So our leverage focus came into play in that decision as well.
John Chandler: This is John Chandler. As you think about 2020, actually there is a small additional, Barnett step that I think about it this year. We've had two quarters of higher levels of deferred revenue that step down in the third quarter, so we have about $20 million to $30 million of additional step down in the Barnett amortization next year just because you've got four quarters of that step down in 2020. And in addition somewhere around that $70 million to $80 million of up around $7 million step down in the at Gulfstar amortization. As we come out at the end of the exclusivity period that for that platform.
John Chandler: That's a full year number because that exclusivity period in the November the last payments of this year.
