Alan Armstrong: Yes sure. First on PDH, you are correct Carl, the fundamentals are actually improving there as we are seeing some, the signs of lower-cost coming in for equipment and vendors as we go out and are in the process of really tightening up our estimates on that. And additionally, that project is really built around the benefits of the logistics of taking low-cost propane right there in Canada and converting it eventually into polypropylene by our partner and being able to serve markets.  So, we're basically just cutting down on a lot of rail logistics, and those things continue to improve. Propane prices continue to be a huge spread to Mont Belvieu, propane prices up there and we think that's going to continue for some time because there's not really any logistical answers coming out that will improve that any time soon. And so, we really like how that continues to unfold as well. And really just a matter at this point of getting contracts finalized with our downstream partner there that pulls a lot of that risk off of our shoulders from a commodity spread standpoint, but we really do like the fundamentals and they are certainly improving for that project. On the Appalachian Connector project, we are certainly still excited. We think the strengths of our market pool and the demand of our market, they are along the mainline is a real positive for us. There has, as you know, there's been some turnover in some of the properties upstream, and certainly with the lower gas prices, people are looking for creative solutions out of that area, and so we're certainly working with a lot of those customers both on the market side and the upstream side to try to bring those two together in a way that they can firmly support our project. And so, we're feeling pretty good about that, but it is -- certainly everybody is kind of, anybody in the energy industry right now is reeling a little bit in trying to get their forward-looking perspectives tend down before they make any major commitments, and so obviously that's where we stand on that today.
Alan Armstrong: Well, I would say on the PDH project, it really is just we're going to be very, very careful. That's a big investment for us. We want to make absolutely certain that we've been, that we know exactly what our numbers, we get as many bids and estimates, solid estimates that are well engineered in the door, so the PDH project is more, just of us moving along at a pace that is focused on making sure we can execute on the project effectively rather than being in a rush on it. And so, that one is more driven by our own efforts and getting the contracts finalized than it is anything in the broader macro industry at this point. On the Appalachian Connector piece, I think that answers have got to come a little quicker on that, and so I think we'll be pressing in the next quarter to decide one way or the other on where we go with that, but in any way, shape, or form, I think we're going to position ourselves to benefit both our assets in the area, both our wholly-owned and some of our equity investments in making sure that we get good market attachment to those assets and as well making sure that we get the investments that are due to us for the downstream mainline expansions for that gas as well. So pretty excited about it, but we're not going to push a rope on that. We've got plenty of great investment opportunities, and we're not going to step up and take risk on that.
Alan Armstrong: Yeah, sure, this is Alan. Thanks for the question. You know, I would just say we have a lot of acquisition opportunities that are where we have a preferential position to acquire and those are right down our alley and our knowledge base. So we wouldn't be taking a lot of risk where we are already know the area, know the asset, know the investments and so I would say those are probably first on the list for our capacity in that space. And but you know, we're going to be pretty prudent frankly and we like where we're positioned right now and think that as the cash flows really start to come through and people really see the strength of these investment opportunities we think we're going to be very well positioned to take on some of those transactions. So, I would say that's first, but I think one thing you can, we've certainly been consistent on as we stuck with our strategy very tightly on the acquisition front and have stuck to things that are very consistent with our strategy and so you should think about that as we go forward the same thing.
Alan Armstrong: Well, just to kind of put that in context for you from where we were in the previous guidance period, we pulled well over $100 million out on that from those fee-based volumes and so we have dramatically reduced that and I would tell you the areas that are hardest hit and we think are going to be hardest hit and I would tell you we've been more conservative than some of the input we've had from some of our producers in many areas, but the areas that have been hardest hit were areas that were enjoying a big lift from liquids. And I think the gas market overall particularly the demand side probably doesn't appreciate all the nice benefit of continued supply that has come on the backs of high-priced liquids margins and with those pulled out of the space right now you know, we think that is going to dramatically retard drilling. And so if you're, I would say conservative and may be even bearish relevant to our peers about where we think liquids prices will be for the year then that also has you not being very bullish on people drilling for rich gas. And so I would say those are the areas that from our perspective are most affected not so much the dry gas, but really the richer gas areas are the ones we'd really pulled back our assumptions on.
Alan Armstrong: Yeah, I would just tell you. I think that's certainly a tool for us in the future, I think though right now right we've got a great plan in front of us and we do believe that as these big projects come on and really begin to generate kind of tremendous cash flow that they've got that we're going to see the market reprice that the WPZ currency. And so, we think that is yet to come and certainly with Geismar continuing to be down and the big Gulfstar and Keathley Canyon, Rockaway Lateral all these big projects really starting to kick up here for the balance of the year. We think that's going to give the market a lot of confidence. So I would say you know, we certainly understand that the benefits of that as a tool for the future, but I think right now we've got to execute on what we have and let the market retune itself before we make any further decision on that.
Alan Armstrong: Well, I would just say I think both of them are fairly undervalued right now from our perspective and so I think I'm able to get them both in position, but I think it certainly would depend on the transaction as we move to that point then it will certainly depend on the transaction as to which one would be the more appropriate currency for that. So, it's nice to have both of them frankly because there are times when the co-op currency would be a much more favored currency than an NLP currency. And so we think it's important to have both of them right now and we like having both those tools.
Alan Armstrong: Yeah, great question and we certainly are going to put a lot of pressure on costs and we do think that we've got a lot of room to do that and so certainly using the buying kind of into these lower material costs, costs on things like lube oil which as you can imagine is with as many spending parts as we have in our businesses is a big number for us. And so, we certainly are going to go after cost on that side. On the headcount front, I would say there are certainly a lot of those opportunities coming to us as we merge a lot of support functions. But I would say we still really need continue to preserve our strength on the operating and technical side because we do have a lot of growth on that front, but it is shifting around and we will need to shift some of those resources around to be focused on where the opportunities lie, but I would tell you we still are looking for great talent in the technical and operating side and we do see some opportunities on the support function side as we continue to consolidate the organization. So we are pursuing them aggressively I guess is the best way to say that and we do think that's quite a bit of opportunity around that.
Alan Armstrong: Christine, actually Oak Grove is PXD 1 [ph] is up and running already and recall that that is where our de-ethanizer is and so we have both the processing train there and the de-ethanizer there at the Oak Grove facility. So for operational reasons it's good for us to have that up and running. I would tell you that again even though we pulled the upsides in the step that's not fully contracted out of our guidance on our forecast, there are a couple of very sizable packages of gas out there that we are extremely well positioned to capture, because we do have that capacity available. And so, I'm not going to get into specific customer names there, but I would just tell you we're extremely well-positioned to capture those because we do have that capacity available and so we're excited to have that Oak Grove capacity ready and available to serve those customers and we think we're going to build and capture that. There's quite a bit of gas that is just sitting there not flowing today because producers have had troubles bringing pads up. And so, I think as those come on and as we have an opportunity to capture some of that other gas out there we're going to be really glad we have that capacity available.
Alan Armstrong: No, I certainly don't think it has changed and we are certainly looking to really think about that from a shareholder value standpoint. Certainly if we were just looking at the PV or the cash flows as we think that having the commodity risks, especially as it covers our ethane processing risk, we think that absolute PV of those cash flows is probably better providing the commodity risk. However, given the beta and the volatility that that brings in from an investor perspective, we think there's some value to be had by lowering our risk. And so, it's a matter of finding that right trade-off. And as we said, as I said earlier the fact that we've got a much lower assumption and expectation right now on the commodity margin actually gives us a little more room to go do a transaction like that and so we certainly are very interested in that. And I would tell you that while they seem separate, the ability to bridge between somebody's needs on Geismar 2 and perhaps their more current needs from available production at Geismar 1 starts become the opportunity there. So we're still very interested in doing that and we think the current margin environment gives us a little more room to do that because we wouldn’t be coming out and having to lower our guidance so much if we weren’t able to convert that into fee-based.
Alan Armstrong: I would just say that a lot of our business has converted to fee base. And so really the place that we have remaining exposure on a key pole basis as I mentioned is about a little less than 15% out West of our total gross margins out there. And so, I would say it continues to be an opportunity, but we structurally I would just tell you there are ways for us to keep the risk and for them to report the barrels. And so, that I would say we figured out and we’ve done a lot of that in the past for the producers report the barrels as an owned equity barrels, but we don’t have to really change the equity ownership of those barrels. And so, that’s always a discussion that we’re always interested in, I’ll tell you that we on the processing side we have over the years tried to contract for fee base when the margins are high. And take on the key pole when margins are really low and so, but just because we certainly believe in that cyclicality of the processing margin. And so, I don’t know that we’re really changed the perspective so much on that front.
Alan Armstrong: Yeah, great question Craig and I would just say that we certainly are not in the Olefin business for the sake of being in Olefin business and we see it’s a nice extension of our midstream business in a way to push through into those markets and keep those markets open. On the tail end and certainly we are working to try to be neutral on that ethane to ethylene spread we’re actually a little bit short ethane right now. If we were to turn on all of our ethane recovery capacity, obviously we’re very short right now, because we’re not recovering ethane anywhere. But if we wanted to turn on our ethane, if we were at full ethane production against the contracts we have we still would be a little bit short ethane. So trying to get neutral on that, but another way of getting neutral on that would be to and we’re into some T based contracts on the ethylene side and therefore reduce our length on ethylene and reduce and improve our balance between ethane and ethylene. So, I would say that’s more likely the way we would approach that. 
Alan Armstrong: Yeah, sure. Well, first of all, just want to tell you that on the ethylene side, remember that that is at a $55 oil price. And so, we think that ethylene price is very commensurate with a $55 oil price that we have in there. Also you obviously have to pay attention to the spread and not just the absolute price that we have in there would it sounds like you are focused on Craig. But the other thing that I think it’s missed sometimes in this is that we are actually at the netted price and remember that we produce in the Mississippi river market. And so while we certainly sell and exchange a lot of our product in the Mont Belvieu as well, we do have exposure to the Mississippi river market, which has been extremely short and there’s actually a lot of derivative production that’s been down in the area due to shortages. And so, you have to take that into consideration when you look at our proposed ethylene spread. And so, I think we feel pretty good as you look into the 2016 and 2017 timeframe you can see our ethylene price coming up, but you can also see that the ethane price is coming up right along with that as well. And so really again need to look at the spread I would say I’m pretty bullish. The ethylene market as we look out in next couple of years, because the growth that I think we're going to see in the economies and the lack of near-term productive capacity coming up, it’s pretty hard to argue there isn’t going to be quite a bit of pressure on those Olefin markets to the upside and lot of demand coming to that. So that’s what I would have to offer for you. I think we feel pretty good about where we’re positioned there and John is a great student of that space as well and I’ll John provide any additional comment you want to make.
Alan Armstrong: Well, these are not new contracts these are continuing to build on the footprint that we have already established. And are continuing to build out in these core areas like Utica and the strength that we’re seeing there in the Eagle Ford where, yes drilling softer, but there’s still good strong drilling going on and really just filling out our existing portfolio.
Alan Armstrong: Sharon, we put a new larger facility in place effective as of the date of the merger as well as a supplemental liquidity facility. So we have abundant liquidity.
Alan Armstrong: The pricing terms are more in line with WPZs pricing given its historic WPZs pricing in light of the fact that we have a mid-BBB investment grade ratings. So the ACMP pricing really moved to the WPZ level of pricing and it felt a little better than it was in our prior facility.
Alan Armstrong: Yeah, thanks for the question. Unfortunately, there’s not an awful lot of transactions happening on the Mississippi River. The few recent transactions that we saw came out to be plus about between $0.08 and $0.10 to that number that you see at Mont Belvieu. And as I mentioned in my commentary just a moment ago, at least I would believe that as we bring our plants back into service here through this early part of this year, we would probably see that differential climb to more normal levels. And those more normal levels range between $0.01 and $0.03, so if you are looking forward and it would be reasonable to expect those kind of differentials, but certainly and once again, we feel that there’s a pent-up demand over on the river that’s been lagging by our outage and the reliability of the pipelines getting ethylene to that market in recent past.
Alan Armstrong: It’s a good number whether all transactions happen at that level they’ll probably happen around that number, so yeah it’s a good number you are looking at.
Alan Armstrong: Well yeah, there were revenues in the quarter from Gulfstar. I think we had $19 million of new Gulfstar fees. We actually collected quite a bit more than that in really the second half of 2014. So we have the cash in, but based on the revenue recognition model that we’re using we kind of have to dose out those collected dollars based on the forecasted throughput through the facility. So our cash numbers are actually are far in excess of the $19 million that we took to earnings. But that will continue to grow and we are collecting a base fee or demand fee under that contract. And then there’s a usage fee as well as those barrels and those MMBTs of gas total across the facility. So that’s a fairly significant impact on revenues in the quarter. Also our Transco transportation revenues were up, fee-based revenues were up about $15 million. And there was some IT volumes and some short-term firm deals and as well as some seasonal volumes that we saw pushing that number up.
Alan Armstrong: Yeah that the quarter I would say is not really indicative of the year. So if you look at the year in total on the expense side we were right on our target, but if you look quarter-to-quarter, it looks pretty extreme. I’ll tell you what happened though if you remember the polar vortex that we went through Q1 of 2014, it was kind of an all hands on deck period for Transco we were sudden new records seemed like almost every day. It was a pretty severe environment and we saw almost all of our expenditures that we could push got pushed into the second, third, and fourth quarters. So just it was a game of catch-up all year and we just wound up loading a lot of those expenses into the fourth quarter. If you look at the year’s total, it’s pretty much right on.
Alan Armstrong: Okay, great well thank you all very much, very excited about our future and really like how we've repositioned ourselves here and derisked our forecast substantially and yet still tremendous growth in distribution. And we think, best months it appears, considering our conservative forecast. So, thank you very much for joining us and we look forward to talking to you in the future.
Don Chappel: Good morning Carl. The PZ equity issuances in '16, '17 at this point is de minimus. So, it gives us capacity to really take on some additional opportunities since we see exciting opportunities develop.
Don Chappel: Ted, this is Don, I'll just note that we felt we want to go in with a fairly conservative plan here in light of what happened in the marketplace. So rather than continue to boost the dividend or distribution during the year we set forth a plan that we'd hold it steady. And obviously if we see things develop to the upside we could change that, but we felt that we'd set a plan here that was more conservative and one that hopefully investors will agree that is conservative as well.
Don Chappel: Well, as I said really, you can call it about anyway you want to, but we are expecting very little here in the first quarter and then we would be at our typical run rates on Geismar for the balance of the year. And so that would be up against the expanded capacity and somewhere around 98% to 98.5% of that expanded capacity.
Don Chappel: Ted, this is Don, I'm sorry again, given as much changes we have here we took a little different approach this quarter. I would say that as we approach our Analyst Day we'll look at providing some additional information about, I'll note for you that we did take volumes down fairly substantially up in the Northeast at OVM as well as Marcellus, but some volume reduction from our prior growth expectations that is in the West. So hopefully that helps.
Don Chappel: Yeah Abhi, this is Don again. You know we had a couple of things change here since our third quarter guidance on this matter and cash tax rates are down substantially. A couple of key points there, one was the bonus depreciation, which again lowered our cash tax rates nicely and then as well the fact that income was lower also it kind of extended in the chart, the period of time although which some of these deductions will be realized. So, I think you can see there the cash tax rate is about zero through 2017 and in our footnote on that schedule you can see that we've disclosed '18 and '19 we estimated about 4% currently and obviously things will move around a bit, but as we continue to add projects or potentially even M&A that will have the tendency to push the cash tax rate down in '18 and '19 as well as perhaps periods beyond that. So again, some good news on the cash tax front.
Don Chappel: Shneur this is Don. I think the tool is one that we'll continue to look at and yes, we're not a taxpayer for many years. However, there are other attributes to the option, but again I think as Alan mentioned earlier we think execution is likely to cause WPZ to trade at a level that is appropriate given its opportunity set, the growth set and we think the relatively low long term risk that natural gas growth demand drives. So again, we'll just put that on the shelf. It is something we'll continue to study, but we think that execution is job number one and yes, taxes are something that would not be all that valuable for quite a few years.
Don Chappel: Shneur, we believe that WPZ is sufficiently strong to carry itself without requiring any IDRs. We initially designed it very stout coverage. Fortunately we have that stout coverage designed in and we used it, but nonetheless as you can see here we're building coverage back again in a way that we do not expect WPZ to need that reverse. And as Alan pointed out with 88% in fee-based gross margin with 30% of that coming from interstate pipes and another 27%, coming from ACMP and its cost of service contracts and MDC's, we have nearly 60% of our gross margin coming from either interstate pipe or cost of service MDC type revenue. So very low risk we think on relative basis cash flows, so again we don’t see a need for IDRs, we don’t think either the market puts enough value on those to make it worthwhile.
Don Chappel: Christine, this is Don. You know, we didn't put a date on it, so it's not embedded in any of the guidance that you see here; however, I think I'll just say we'll be opportunistic about that, so we'll look to do that when we think WPZ has the financial capacity to do that in a real value creating kind of way with that capacity or with a combination of some debt and equity when the equity is trading in a way that we think is more appropriate. So right now I'll just say we'll be opportunistic and we'll deal with that as we see the right facts and circumstances line up.
Don Chappel: Brian, I think at this point in time we don’t have much in the way of debt capacity to volumes level. So, obviously as cash flows build and for past margins improve or build into that capacity. But today it wouldn’t be here that we have that capacity to do much of anything in the very near future.
