Mike McLaughlin: Thanks, Will, and good afternoon everyone. As usual, I'll start with some detail around the revenue for Q2 fiscal '20. FICO's revenue for the quarter was $308 million, an increase of 11% over the prior year. Our application segments revenue were $140 million, down 1% versus the same period last year. The decrease in revenue was driven primarily by lower license and professional services revenue. Software applications bookings for the quarter were $48 million, down 24% from last year, due in large part to COVID-19 related disruptions and sales efforts at the end of March. In our Decision Management software segments, Q2 revenues were $39 million, up 20% over the same trade last year. This increase was primarily due to license and SaaS subscription revenues from our Decision Management platform products. Decision Management software bookings were $23 million Q2, down 17% from the previous year, similarly due to software sales disruptions at the end of the quarter. Finally, our Score segment revenues were $129 million, up 24% from the same period last year. B2B Scores revenue was up 27% over the same period last year and B2C revenues were up 15% from the same period. We do expect disruptions to Scores volumes, particularly on the B2B side as loan originations decline in some credit vertical. As Will said, Scores volumes are reported to us monthly in arrears, and so we did not have visibility into the Scores volumes real time. Turning to our global revenue mix. In our second fiscal quarter, 78% of total revenues were derived from our Americas region, our EMEA region generated 14%, and the remaining 8% was from the Asia Pacific region. Recurring revenues derived from transactional and maintenance sources represent 78% of total revenues in the quarter consulting and implementation revenues were 16% and licensed revenues were 6% of the total. Revenues derived from our cloud delivered software as a service or SaaS products were 74 million for the quarter, which includes 58 million in transactional revenue and 17 million in professional services revenue. That's an increase of 12% from the previous year for our SaaS business. Total bookings, including our Scores segments for the quarter total a 4 million down 20% from last year, those bookings generated 12 million and current period revenues 14% yield. SaaS bookings were 31 million for the quarter, which was 6% from the previous year. Our operating expenses total 232 million in this quarter, down 14 million from the prior quarter due primarily to decreases in travel marketing and other discretionary expenses and the 3 million and restructuring costs in Q1 that did not recur in Q2. FICO's GAAP operating margin for the second quarter was 25% and our non-GAAP operating margin as shown in our schedule, there's 32%. GAAP net income this quarter was 58 million up 75% from the prior year. Our non-GAAP net income was 64 million for the quarter of 36% from the same quarter last year. Our effective tax rate this quarter was about 7%, which included about 12 million of excess cash benefits, resulting from stock based compensation activities. We expect our effective tax rate to be around 10% to 12% for the full fiscal year. Free cash flow for the quarter was 55 million compared to 44 million in the same period last year. Free cash flow for the trailing four quarters was $259 million. t Turning to the balance sheet, at the end of quarter, we had $109 million in cash it was down 2 million from last quarter, primarily driven by share repurchases, partially offset by cash generated from operations. Our total debt face value is $959 million, with a weighted average interest rate of 4.44%, at the end of the quarter we had drawn 124 million on our $400 million revolving line of credit. We anticipate growing on that facility to pay for the $85 million maturities senior notes coming up in July. Our leverage ratio is calculated for our revolving line of credit was 2.25 times. As a reminder, our current covenant is 3.0 times and that covenant will expand to 3.25 when the most mature in July. Turning to return of capital, we bought back 290,000 shares in the second quarter for $96 million and an average price of $331 per share. At the end of March, we had about $64 million remaining on the board repurchase authorization. Finally, as Will said because of the uncertainty around COVID-19 and the impacts on the economic environment, we are withdrawing our previously issued financial guidance. With that I'll turn it back over to Will for some final comments.
Mike McLaughlin: Yes. So, the big three buckets of volumes in that part of our business as you know are, the mortgage business, the auto business and then credit cards, personal loans that we call the other segment. Mortgages were up, as you would expect given some of the refi dynamics that have been in place for a number of months. And in the auto and other segments, the volume changes were, on a year-over-year basis were in the single-digit percentages, so not really anything to write all about there. With respect to the end of the quarter, the impact was close enough to the end of March, which is the last reports we have from our partners at the bureau. So, we did not see anything informative from those volumes at the end of March. Frankly what you heard from the bureaus in their quarterly reports over the last a week or number of days, have more real time information that we have on that front.
Mike McLaughlin: So far, it's holding up nicely and with respect to myFICO for example, it's up. It's not surprising consumer is very focused on their credit if it's kind of a time.
Mike McLaughlin: Yes. It is being pushed out. So remember, we have a very long sales cycle, 250 day sales cycle. So, we had a lot of stuff that was in process that was closer to the end and to the beginning of the process and so that's something that pushed the next quarter, some of it got close. But they haven't been hit in the way they were back in 2007, 2008. It says this is a different kind of a situation, as and so we haven't seen them pulling back on their investment plans, at least not so far. Now, it would, it probably would be naive to believe that everything will be business as usual, and I'm sure on the margin, there'll be some business that we were hoping for that won't happen. But, but we haven't seen tremendous changes in behavior other than the timeline for getting transactions done slowing down a little bit.
Mike McLaughlin: Yes, Bill, we haven't shared those in the past. I don't think this is the forum to change that disclosure practice. But I guess I can say that it hasn't changed materially at least to the end of March to what we had in the past in the past four years.
Mike McLaughlin: It's two things, so as you may recall, we had a restructuring expense last quarter, a part of that was to reduce head count. And so, there's some of that. And then also we accrued throughout the year, yearend incentive bonuses, both cash and stock-based, based on certain expected outcome and that outcome exceeded or underperformed. And rate at which we accrue the yearend does have an impact on that period-to-period labor costs. The big picture though is that, head count is essentially flat. I think it's up 0.5% versus where we were last quarter, and there's nothing significant going on in terms of the mix of compensation or the rate of change of compensation per person.
Will Lansing: Okay. Work from home challenges. I'd like to end our prepared remarks today with some positive news. We're conducting a series of live webinars that we're calling building resiliency, adapting to the challenges of today. These webinars, which are almost virtual cycle world, began last week and continue through May 28. The topics falls in six tracks adaptability, digital customer engagement, risk management, operational efficiency, building trust and protecting customers. I'd encourage you to check it out information's available on our website and there are a number of keynote sessions that I think will be of interest to our investors, including one I'll be doing jointly with Equifax's CEO, Mark Begor, on May 14th. Finally, I'd like to thank all of you for joining us today. These are challenging times, but I'm convinced we're up to the challenge. We can't control the external factors we face, but we can control how we respond and plan for the future. We're stewards of remarkable assets and we remain optimistic as we look to the future. We'll bridge this period of disruption as we have in the past and will emerge as place for growth. I'll be as transparent as possible as we work through this uncertainty and will provide guidance as soon as we have better understand the economics and commercial environment. So, I'll now turn it back to Steve for Q& A.
Will Lansing: Bill, I think, as Mike mentioned a minute ago, I think broadly we can mortgage looks like it's going to be up, auto looks like it's going to be way down, credit cards and personal loans down, but I think you probably do better reading into the numbers that you see from the Bureau's then asking us to speculate because we don't have it.
Will Lansing: I think, Bill, you expect it will take every step is within our power to manage our expenses to maximize the margin. So, while we don't have complete control over the top line, we obviously have a little more control over the bottom line. And so I would hope that we could do better than preserving the rate. But again, if you look at the slide in our deck, we basically laid out what would happen have to be true for us to hit the prior guidance.
Will Lansing: Well, as the impact COVID has been on our company, we were engaged in and continue to be engaged in a really extensive review of every activity that we have going on in the Company, and our goal is to really focus on things that are truly strategic and to de-emphasize things that are less strategic. And that initiative, that work proceed the pace that it has not been slowed at least by COVID. I think if anything, we're more committed than ever to getting as as much of our capability onto the platform as quickly as possible so we can start to see the returns to scale that we're all looking for. So, I would say that, our investments plans on a strategic and platform stuff completely unchanged. If anything, we're looking for ways to free up resources to put even more against it. But then things that are off-platform, off-strategy, we're scrutinizing those barriers.
Will Lansing: We think it's going to be very big. It's not going to generate any revenue in the near-term, because our plan is to provide it for free along with FICO Scores. So if you buy a FICO Score, you can also get the FICO Resiliency Index along with it. We think that, there is commensurate, maybe worth spending just a minute on what it is. This is some really smart stuff that our guys came up with. That helps us to differentiate amongst consumers and evaluate their credit within any particular FICO Score, that's at a point in time and at a point in the economic cycle. And there are individuals who are more resilient and they're individuals who are less resilient. And the traditional way of dealing with downturns and we see it today is that, lenders, raise their lending thresholds. They raised their cutoff, and while obviously that's a prudent thing to do, we'd love for that to be a little more sophisticated and surgical and be able to evaluate some of the individuals below those cutoffs and with more precision. And that's really what the FICO Resiliency Index does. It'll be bundled with the FICO Score. It will be widely available to anyone who's buying FICO Scores. It is currently in test, as you said with Equifax and the Dow. Experian will have it out too. TU should follow. And yes, we have high expectations because it's been very well received to-date.
Will Lansing: We were seeing more in CCS and customer communication that's up a bit because the lenders are engaged in a lot more back and forth with their consumer customers than they have been in the past. So, that does a little the others, not tremendously different investment and we're not saying dudes proportional or anything.
Will Lansing: We don't we don't break it out, we don't break it out. I think it's fair to assume that there'll be a little less origination activity. I mean, that's not unreasonable.
Will Lansing: Well, I think that they're much better prepared than the last time their balance sheets are stronger. They have more capital on hand. They, learn the last time around, and I also think that the government and the fed has jumped in a way that very quickly in a way that they didn't the last time around to ponder and so I think it's those kinds of things. And as you can see from their public statements, if you really if you look at the public statements from the big bank CEOs, they're, they're obviously planning to weather this much better than the last time around.
Will Lansing: Since, as I mentioned earlier there's more usage of our customer communication services, which is the last mile to customer consumer, customer contacts, that those volumes are up. Remember loan sales cycle and so you wouldn't see things change quickly. The things that are in place, we're seeing more volume in places you'd expect like that, like they see CCS. But otherwise, we're not and then we're expecting with all the transaction volume down, credit card transaction volume down. It may have an impact on Falcon volumes. But, most of our Falcon business is priced by account. And so, I'm not sure how much impact it was really have on us.
Will Lansing: So, the answer is yes. We strongly believe that, it's a tremendous tool. FICO is tremendous tool for evaluating credit worthiness and more needed, more necessary, more in demand than ever in times like these. The Resiliency Index that I mentioned earlier is tied up in that. And so, the way we think about it, we are constantly innovating and trying to find ways to bring evermore sophistication to that evaluation to that decision and that's worked out pretty well. Will they be pulling account management support more frequently in these times, to be determined? We'll see. We'll see. It wouldn't be a shock.
Will Lansing: Yes. I mean that's been going on for years. There are players out there who provide non-FICO Scores to consumers to help them, to give them a sense for what their credit worthiness. But since lenders predominantly use FICO Scores, there's a mismatch there. Consumers are sometimes confused, but we've been working for a long time. I'm trying to clear up that confusion and make sure that consumers understand that, a credit score is not a FICO Score unless it's a FICO score. And that, what they are trying -- what the consumer trying to understand is, what the lender thinks of them? What the lender's evaluation of their credit worthiness is than the FICO Scores a way to do it, we have arrangement with Experian, our partner where Experian provides FICO Scores to the consumers and their consumer offerings. We offer obviously FICO Scores in our own consumer offering in myFICO. We think that there's more appetite and interest in that than ever. Just kind of given the situation, people are concerned about their credit. And so, we feel pretty good about that business is tied to the origination of credit cards in the sense that there's a time there that'll slow that down.
Will Lansing: Experian is bigger than myFICO. It's a -- revenues experience -- no, myFICO is a good business too, a good-sized business, too. I don't think we break out the specifics of it, but experience is also very important to that business.
Will Lansing: Right, we have historically paid a little bit extra attention to from a sales force perspective to selling DMS base products. But at the end of the day, we sell to our customers what they need, and with the DMS base, fantastic; and if it's not, then so be it, we'll do it that way. So -- and we compensate our sales people regardless of what it is they sell. I think your points well taken though, and as we think into the future, we likely will favor DMS sales over non-DMS sales. So, that I think that is a, that's a piece of business to really watch, that's the future.
Will Lansing: If you're asking about COVID, specific kind of implications that you just mentioned them, it's things like travel, and it's the fact that when revenues lower, we have less expenses associated with servicing that revenue. So, that part is for sure. I wouldn't say that, we're in a place where suddenly because of COVID our backs are to the wall and we have to rethink our entire expense structure. I think we're doing the thing that management always does, which is reviewing whether every dollar is well spent and we are engaged in that process and continue to be engaged in that process. But I wouldn't call it an emergency or a response to COVID. I think just running the business.
