Mark N. Greene: Thank you, Mike. In this concluding section, I'd like to summarize the current state of our business and then turn the call over to Will for his comments.  As you look ahead to the balance of the fiscal year, we are reiterating the guidance that we gave the last quarter, but with increasing confidence that we can achieve the high end of that guidance range.  As a reminder, our guidance is as follows: Revenues between $640 million and $645 million or roughly 3% to 4% increase for the year compared with the $620 million of revenue generated last year; net income between $86 million and $89 million on a GAAP basis, up 19% to 24% from the $72 million of net income last year; and GAAP earnings per share between $2.45 and $2.55 based on 35 million shares outstanding, an increase of between $0.37 and 42% versus the prior year.  We're off to a strong start for this year, while we understand that there are macroeconomic uncertainties that may impact our business, especially in Europe, and while we're increasingly confident, we remain cautious in our guidance for the remainder of the year.  To sum up, we're pleased that this is also the quarter which demonstrate that our business model is driving solid earnings growth and margin expansion. We expect this to continue generating healthy earnings for our shareholders as we stay focused on driving top line revenue growth.  Now before I turn the call over to Will, I'd like to offer a few comments as I reflect in my 5-year tenure as FICO's CEO. I'm proud of what we've accomplished over that time, especially given the turbulence of financial markets. During my tenure, we streamlined and simplified the business, exiting non-core areas so that we could focus on leadership products in 4 industries: Banking, Insurance, retail and healthcare. We re-branded the company under the FICO logo, sharpening and raising our market profile and our reputation. We make good on our promise of connected decisions, delivering industry-leading solutions that truly allow clients to make every decision count. And finally, we instilled greater operational and fiscal discipline across the company. These efforts have borne fruit as reflected in the company's current good financial health. As a result, I'm very optimistic about FICO's prospects and the outlook for sustained growth under Will Lansing, who succeeds me as CEO starting tomorrow.  With that, happy turn the call over to Will for introductory comments.
Mark N. Greene: Well, thank you for your kind comments, and well, now let me turn the call back over to Steve for our question-and-answer period.
Mark N. Greene: So, Manav, we aren't in the practice of or would I be in the practice of pulling out any specific transaction or sets of transactions to do an EPS calculation. I think looking at the face of the income statement and seeing the growth in our license revenue can give you an indication of how important those deals were to us. But we don't do any what if calculations on specific transactions.
Mark N. Greene: No, what I meant to say is I expect for the full year the percentage of revenue coming from license sales will be larger than it was last year. It won't creep up from the 16%.
Mark N. Greene: Sure, Manav. So R&D this quarter was roughly the same as it was in our fourth quarter, which has been our run rate. Last quarter, I think I gave guidance that I was expecting the R&D expense to be somewhere around 9% to 10% of total revenue, and that's still where I expect it to be by the end of the year. And so I wouldn't expect the trend to drift downward from where we are. We're at a spend level now that we're very comfortable with in terms of investment against the roadmap we're operating under.
Mark N. Greene: No, the increment is within Fraud, but most of the other license revenue is really derived from our Blaze or our Tools products and a couple of other parts of the applications. But the increment this quarter is the Fraud products that I described.
Mark N. Greene: Well, there's always the possibility of a whale contract coming through and we've not built any of that into our guidance. We've not made an assumption, in other words, that there would be another whale. But certainly, as you saw last quarter in our bookings, we have 3 very large booking deals. This quarter we had 2 very large term license revenue deals, and it is possible that the from time to time we'll see larger transactions, though the ones we saw this year are much larger than normal. They also can come, by the way, Carter, in areas outside of Falcon, for example, Blaze.
Mark N. Greene: We do have a little bit of guidance built into our plan. And as you remember, it's not much. But as you remember, we took a large amount of shares in the month of October when we were trading in the low 20s and our stock price has drifted upwards and the pace by which we've been buying shares back was changed based upon the way the market has been on our stock recently.
Mark N. Greene: No. Last quarter, I'd mentioned that the fourth quarter CapEx was a little light as we've been building out a data center, and that some of the spend we thought would come in, in the fourth quarter, actually hit in our first quarter. We're fundamentally done with equipping the data center, and so it's not a run rate, it's a little bit of spillover, I'll call it, from the fourth quarter. I would say our CapEx is probably trending more to the $20 million range as a result of that rather than the $16 million to $18 million that we've historically done.
