William J. Lansing: Thank you for joining us for our third quarter earnings call. We delivered another solid performance in our third quarter and I'm increasingly confident in our ability to deliver on our full-year guidance. In our third quarter, we reported revenues of $231 million, $25 million of GAAP net income and GAAP earnings of $0.78 per share. We delivered $37 million of non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP EPS of $1.16. We had a very good bookings quarter with $95 million in deals. That's a 21% increase over the same period last year. And the $35 million in transactions bookings this quarter is a 64% increase over last year. This means we're building more recurring revenue streams that will be realized in future periods. We continue to pursue and sign more and bigger deals. In fact, this was the third straight quarter with bookings of more than $90 million. In our software businesses, revenues were down from last year due to fewer upfront license deals. This is primarily a timing issue and one of the reasons that we give full-year instead of quarterly guidance. The lumpiness of the license sales can overshadow the underlying recurring revenue, which has been growing nicely. Our bookings were balanced across many of our key product lines, including Fraud, Originations Manager, and our Decision Management platform. We continue to see more of our pipeline and bookings related to cloud deals. One notable deal this quarter was one of our cybersecurity offerings, where we signed our first seven-figure deal for our Enterprise Security Score. The deal was with a provider of IT solutions, including cybersecurity services for hospitals and others in the healthcare space. We are still in the early stages with this product, but we are excited about our technology and the opportunities to help our customers protect themselves and their consumers. The big story this quarter is our Scores business, where we continue to make significant progress on our strategic initiatives and are adding new revenue sources to our B2C business. We drove solid growth throughout Scores, with total revenues up 14% versus the prior year. B2B revenues were up 13% for the quarter as we continued to see strong volume trends. Our B2C revenues were up 16% this quarter versus last year. On the B2B side, we had very strong volumes, as the demand for FICO scores in the U.S. continues to grow. One of the fastest areas of growth is fintech, as well as new verticals like telco. We also had some exciting developments on the B2B side this quarter. A top-10 bank went live with our FICO Score XD, a product to score the previously unscorable. And we're seeing our first revenue from our global financial inclusion initiative with usage in China. Neither XD nor financial inclusion will have a material impact this year, but both can provide growth in fiscal 2018 and beyond. As I've said for the last several quarters, we have a lot going on in our Consumer Scores business. We are continuing to find new ways to monetize FICO Scores, the scores that are used by lenders, in products marketed to consumers. Those scores are a significant component in paid credit monitoring and identity theft protection products, like those sold at myFICO.com and through our partnership with Experian. We are pursuing the white label affinity market with deals like we signed last quarter. We've entered the lead gen space with deals that have gone live over the past several months. And we just signed another lead gen deal with a large card issuer that will be rolling out in the coming months. Finally, we are now seeing demand for more content from banks that have rolled out the highly successful Open Access program. As a result, we've recently signed deals with two different issuers to provide additional educational information for consumers. These new deals will likely have little impact in the last three months for our fiscal year, but they will provide important recurring backlog as we enter fiscal 2018. As always, we remain focused on driving shareholder value. We're actively managing our expenses and generating significant free cash flow. That discipline has allowed us to repurchase $140 million in shares so far this year. I'm pleased with the progress we're making executing on our strategy and I believe that we're well-positioned as we finish our year and look ahead to 2018. I'll share some summary thoughts later, but now I'd like to turn call over to Mike for further financial details.
William J. Lansing: Thanks, Mike. Next quarter we'll talk about our expectations for 2018, but for now I'd like to review what we've been able to accomplish in 2017. In Scores, we're making significant progress in leveraging our B2B leadership into the consumer market. We're signing deals and are looking forward to seeing further, steady, sustainable growth. On the software side, our SaaS-enabled products and Decision Management suite technology are gaining traction and opening new markets. The bookings we are now signing are building substantial future recurring revenue flows. We are well-positioned for 2018 and beyond. We have extraordinarily valuable IP, a long heritage of our analytic prowess, and a very talented team to make the most of our opportunities. I'll turn the call back to Steve now for Q&A.
William J. Lansing: Manav, I would say it's just timing. We're as excited about DMS as we've ever been. We are putting a ton of resource into DMS, not just in sales but across the board. All of the R&D activity is really pointed in that direction. And so it's kind of a question of when it happens. But we're actually highly confident about the future of DMS.
William J. Lansing: To answer the second one first, with respect to the lead gen, we really rely heavily on our partner, Experian, and the timing of their efforts there. We are very much joined with them in partnership and in advancing ahead. And we're really happy with the value proposition, which is clearly the strongest value proposition in the market. As we've discussed in the past, in addition to providing the genuine FICO Score to consumers, which is a substantial improvement over what all the competitors do, we also take into account the lender's lending criteria and match that carefully with what we know about the consumers who come. And so the breakage in terms of the lead gen is much, much lower than with competitors. And so we're feeling really good about the value proposition. And it's just been launched, and so time will tell how that performs. And so we have high expectations for 2018 obviously, but it depends on kind of how things go there. And then we mentioned backlog with respect to FICO Score XD and some of the other initiatives that are just getting started right now. So there's no significant revenue to show for them right now, but we're feeling good about the future of those. And again, we'll see how the market takes them, but early results are promising.
William J. Lansing: You could definitely take that away from the way the numbers are falling out. But I would just say that we don't focus that carefully quarter-to-quarter. The truth is that we really think about our business on kind of an annual run rate basis and we get near the end of the quarter, and of course, everyone in this company is scrambling to try to deliver revenue by quarter-end. We're a software company like every other software company. But the place where we're not like every other software company is, it is rare that we want to provide incremental discount or make concessions in order to rush the revenue into the quarter. And so we do wind up in situations where these deals, which are increasingly complex and take longer to sort out, slide from one quarter to the next. And so, this year, I think that that conclusion that you've drawn is accurate. And I would just say, in general, that the revenue comes when it comes. We try to bring it in, we try to bring in kind of a rational way, and we don't rush it. We take our time to do it right.
William J. Lansing: Not really in the past, in the current, and more in the future. But as go their fortunes, so go ours. That is accurate.
William J. Lansing: No. I would say, Brett, that the reason we confirmed guidance at $925 million is that's what we feel pretty good about and I think that's what you should focus on.
William J. Lansing: Yeah. Great question, Brett, and I'm glad you gave us an opportunity to kind of clarify. So, as you noted, we don't charge for Open Access, and it's very much designed to be available to consumers with no charge. Of course, it was our hope always that financial institutions would be interested in sharing more about credit, more about the FICO Score, more about consumer capabilities and capacities and how to influence those things. And it was our hope that we would be able to monetize them. The most aggressive form of that monetization comes in the form of paid subscription offerings, which we do with myFICO.com, but we largely do with our partner, Experian. And the question has always been which direction the financial institutions would go. Would they favor kind of the paid offerings and the fee income that comes with that? Or would they treat it as more of a customer relationship strengthening, free content kind of a thing? And it was never really clear which way the market was going to evolve. And I think what we see is both. But we're pleasantly pleased with the market receptivity to the idea of increasing content for consumers for free, because it means that they go out to all of their consumers, not just a subset. And we do think that the kind of raising awareness about FICO Scores that has occurred because of Open Access is getting the banks into a mode of thinking, how do they provide more credit content, and FICO credit simulator, and so on to all of their customers. And we're obviously working with them on that.
William J. Lansing: I think that the most natural candidates, beyond financial institutions that are interested in our IP and in our offerings, are customers that have a large consumer base and a building relationship. They have some kind of customer acquisition activity that resembles originations. They have a customer management activity that resembles what we do at TRIAD with banks. They have billing and receivables that they have to manage with consumers that cause them to have a need for collections and recovery, just like banks do. And if they're involved with transactions, they obviously have an interest in fraud detection. And so, when you look at the kind of key IP that we provide to banks, where we're best-in-class for banks, you have other verticals that are focused on these same activities: telcos, utilities, cable companies, and power companies. And there's a very natural play there. And so, in the fullness of time, we anticipate growth in those verticals. But those aren't the only ones. Obviously, it goes beyond that. It goes to retailers and online e-commerce retailers too. So, pattern emerging is – the easiest way to predict it is to say, what is it that we do well for the financial institutions that we serve today and who has the most natural need for the same kind of thing. And we are seeing success with that.
William J. Lansing: That's a great question, Adam. So there's no particular categories that are looking like big step-up in expenses in the near- and intermediate-term, and I can't speak to the long-term. But certainly, in the near future, we don't see anything that would be a big uptick. In terms of margin expansion, this is what we wrestle with every day. We're in our 2018 planning cycle right now. We're wrestling with how much to increase margin and how much to reinvest in the business, and it is, frankly, a choice. There is certainly margin that could flow through in terms of market expansion, should we choose to do that. And if we decide to not do that a lot or not do it at all, it will be because the investment opportunities are quite compelling. And so you've caught us a little bit early in the planning cycle. We haven't given guidance for 2018 yet. I'm fairly confident that we're looking at neutral to improved margin for next year, not a shrinkage, but how much margin expansion remains to be determined.
William J. Lansing: Adam, a lot of it was volume. We've had good volume increases with some of the big banks, especially on the pre-screen side. We also are picking up volume through fintech and some telco providers, call that new volume for us. And then there was a little bit of price increase in there from some of the smaller lenders that all netted into the number.
William J. Lansing: It's really up to the financial institution when they want to deploy in production. So, typically the rhythm is that they take it in-house, they evaluate it, they decide that it's interesting because it scores a population they don't otherwise score. They decide to test it for a period of time, and then they make a go/no-go decision. So far, no one has ever said no-go. So far we're in the introduction, the education and the testing mode. We've got one that's decided to go live, one big one trying to go live, and we expect that there will be others that follow. But we're still on that getting to know the score and evaluate it phase.
Michael J. Pung: Yeah. Manav, this is Mike. So, as the year is shaping up, I would call it the following: So, Scores and our Applications business are probably exceeding where we thought they would be in terms of top-line revenue. And I would say DMS is falling below where we thought it would be on top-line revenue, but in line, maybe a little bit better on bookings.
Michael J. Pung: Yeah. Manav, said another way, it's all upfront software basically that is the shortfall in that area and that's offset by the transactional volume increases in Scores and in the Apps part of our business.
Michael J. Pung: Yeah. Bill, this is Mike. So what we did this quarter is we announced a couple of new deals where an existing Open Access customer of ours, a bank, is going to be adding additional features to their offering for their consumers, basically expanding additional educational information into the offering beyond what they get with the Open Access program. Those features and capabilities, there are often additional reason codes and a simulator, and information to that degree that helps the consumer understand their credit position more thoroughly, are paid for by the bank to FICO, but are provided as part of the relationship that the bank has with its customer. Those deals were just signed. We really didn't claim anything, if you will, from that at this point. That'll be kind of ratable revenue as it rolls out across the Open Access platforms.
Michael J. Pung: It'll differ from bank-to-bank in terms of how quickly they roll it out across their portfolio. So I can't give you like a specific date, but I'm imagining it'll start to feather in beginning here in our fourth quarter and, more importantly, into the winter months.
Michael J. Pung: Yeah. So this is kind of a basic reseller for us. It's, as we said in our prepared remarks, a health care provider – IT provider to the healthcare industry. And they offer a number of products, including now some additional cyber products, the ESS Score from FICO, and they'll be selling it to their end customers. The way the economics work for us essentially is that the fee that will be charged to the healthcare provider by this reseller of ours will be based on their number of endpoints. Number of points like computer terminals, or phone terminals, or whatnot. They're commonly called endpoints. And there's a grid that they pay based upon the number of endpoints and the number of employees the end customer has. And we do a very simple revenue share with the reseller. They keep a piece and they pay us a piece for that.
