Steve Weber: Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining FICO’s first quarter earnings call. I’m Steve Weber, Vice President of Investor Relations and I’m joined today by our CEO, Will Lansing; and our CFO, Mike Pung. Today, we issued a press release that describes financial results compared to the prior year. On this call, management will also discuss results in comparison to the prior quarter in order to facilitate understanding of the run rate of our business. Certain statements made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve many uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning these uncertainties is contained in the Company’s filings with the SEC, in particular in the Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements portions of such filings. Copies are available from the SEC, from the FICO website, or from our Investor Relations team. This call also includes statements regarding certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the Company’s earnings release and Regulation G schedule issued today for a reconciliation of each of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measure. The earnings release and the Regulation G schedule are available on the Investor Relations page of the Company’s website at fico.com or on the SEC’s website at sec.gov. A replay of this webcast will be available through January 25, 2019. And now, I’ll turn the call over to Will Lansing.
Steve Weber: Thanks, Will. This concludes our prepared remarks and we’re ready now to take any questions you may have. Operator, please open the line.
Steve Weber: All right, thank you. Thank you all for joining today’s call. This concludes our call and we will be back to update you next quarter. Thank you.
Will Lansing: Thanks, Steve, and thank you, everyone, for joining us for our first quarter earnings call. I’m pleased with the results and I’m happy to see we have good momentum as we look at the year ahead. In our first quarter, we reported revenues of $235 million, an increase of 7% over the same period last year. We delivered $27 million of GAAP net income and GAAP earnings of $0.86 per share. Our GAAP earnings and EPS include the charge of $12 million or $0.37 per share associated with the recent enactment of tax reform. We delivered $41 million of non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP EPS of $1.30 per share, up 23% and 27%, respectively from the same period last year. Mike will talk more about the impacts of tax reform but it is certainly a net positive for us going forward. We believe the reduced ongoing tax rate will have a positive impact in fiscal 2018 of nearly $14 million and today are updating our guidance to reflect that. In light of tax reform, we also announced to our employees today that we’ll be issuing a special grant of 10 restricted stock units to every FICO employee, making each employee an owner to share in our long-term success. On the software side of our business, we continue to build through our recurring revenue base as we sell more cloud-based deals. Our applications segment was up 5% over last year and recurring revenue was up 10%. We had particularly good quarters with our compliance, Customer Communications Services, collections and recovery and originations solutions. These products are innovative, relatively new cloud-based products and they’re now getting to a size where their growth can move the needle for the Company. In our decision management software, revenues were down about $1.5 million or 6% due to less upfront license sales. Our emphasis is on cloud deals in DMS, meaning more recurring revenue. However, those revenues were up 13%. Overall, our cloud based revenues were up 13% and our cloud based bookings were up 34% over the same period last year. In the Scores business, we continue to drive significant growth. Revenues this quarter were $70 million, up 18% from the same period last year. On the B2C side, revenues were up 27% over the previous year as we had new partners and seek growth from our existing partners. Today’s consumers are more focused than ever on their personal financial information and their credit worthiness. We’ve been focused on educating consumers first to our Open Access program and then with partners to provide additional content around the Scores with information like simulators, score ingredients, summary reports and monitoring. We are constantly looking for ways to expand offerings to consumers and provide more value to our partners to work together to give consumers best possible view how lenders assess them. On the B2B side, revenues were up 13% over the previous year as we continue to see increases in both volume and price. The current credit climate remains very strong and we expect to drive growth on the B2B side throughout this fiscal year. I’d like to take a minute to update you on our Financial Inclusion Initiatives that we’ve been talking about over the last several quarters. As you know FICO is an independent data analytics company, not a credit bureau. FICO’s role in the lending system is to harness the credit bureau’s data to produce FICO Scores, which are predictive of consumers’ credit risk. In order to produce the credit score that is reliable and predictive, we rely on quality data standards that are refined over decades and we know what’s at stake. The consumer’s ability to get a car loan or mortgage hinges on the lender’s ability to accurately assess risk. Our data standards play an important role in ensuring the robustness and accuracy of our credit scoring system and by extension the stability and soundness of millions of lending decisions every day. We are responsibly using new and regulatory compliant alternative data sources that allow us to give reliable FICO Scores to people who cannot be scored using credit bureau data alone. Our approach ensures that the integrity of our scoring standards as well as the expansion of credit scoring to a broader, more inclusive and more diverse group than ever before. I’ll share some summary thoughts later but now I would like to turn the call over to Mike for further financial details.
Will Lansing: Thanks, Mike. As I said in my opening remarks, I believe we have remarkable momentum and are just beginning to reap the benefits of our strategic initiatives. Our Scores business continues to lead the way. It’s really a unique franchise business at the heart of the U.S. credit markets. And we continue to find new opportunities to make the most of that valuable IP. On the software side, the product innovation we have invested in over the last several years is opening new markets and allowing us to serve entirely new sets of customers. At the same time, we are making a gradual but steady transition to our recurring SaaS revenue model that will deliver predictable profitable revenue. It’s truly an exciting time to be at FICO. I’ll now turn over to Steve for Q&A.
Will Lansing: Yes, Brett. I mean, a great deal of it was driven from our expanded relationship with Experian which we announced last year in January along with the Discover deal. Recently, we booked some new transactions for an Affinity deal and several other educational programs, and those deals are starting to go live and we’re starting to see revenue flow from that. And I should also add that our myFICO business had a very nice quarter as well growing in the mid single digits. So, it’s a combination of a lot of small things beginning to add up.
Will Lansing: No. I mean, we have I guess to some degree. We’ve talked certainly about the broader relationship with Experian and the way that the pricing dynamic works there, as they grow, we grow; and as they decline, we decline. So, we’re very much tied on a percent of success or failure. For each of the other deals, they’re very independently negotiated and they tend to be based upon the amount of technology or the amount of IP scoring technology they’re using in the systems that they’re implementing, and also based upon the size of the market they’re addressing. And so, we would literally have to go into each deal individually which of course we can’t do for confidentiality reasons.
Will Lansing: No, but we don’t see any share shift, it’s just strength in the market and we don’t see any of that.
Will Lansing: No. I think the answer to that is no. I think our business continues to go along the direction it’s been on. The level of buyback is a function of our free cash flow and also kind of what we consider to be optimal leverage. And so, you’ll see our buybacks drift upward and downward to maintain the level of leverage that we think is efficient for our balance sheet. So, we’re -- as we mentioned, we are at 2.2 times, which is a little bit low for us. And so there is room for us to potentially increase the buyback a little bit, but I think the way to think about it as business as usual.
Will Lansing: Well, yes. As you know, there is some pressure on the GSEs to reconsider the scores that they use to put on the paper. And today, FICO was very much the standard there. And we continue to believe that makes sense for FICO to remain the standard there. There is an RFI out and we are responding to that with our [indiscernible] and up to date offerings. And we think that system that we have today works well and there is -- from a policy standpoint it is really wrapped around safety and soundness. So, we would anticipate -- we hope that that system won’t change.
Will Lansing: Well, I think what we saw this quarter is a continuation of what we have seen in the last couple of quarters. And that is upfront license revenue was starting to trend downwards on DMS as we are growing our recurring revenue business. It will continue to be lumpy depending upon the timing of when a deal is booked and revenue was claimed. Obviously, this quarter, we had very light bookings, not only in DMS but frankly across the whole Company, which isn’t too surprising to us coming off of the record we had in the fourth quarter. The decline in the license revenue is more than offset in general in the business by the recurring revenue. So, it’s just the continued advancement of the business model to more recurring revenue coming from the cloud products.
Will Lansing: Yes. I wouldn’t call it a trend. I can explain a little bit about this quarter versus maybe prior quarters. Last years in total, we reported over $90 million each quarter bookings, with the last quarter of the year being been a very large record high. And we fell below that 90 million this quarter which internally was a disappointment to us. Fortunately, it was just due to some timing of some deals that we have in the pipeline and being we are in the first quarter, we are not too concerned that there’s any underlying trend there. It’s just simply the timing of when deals get signed and done. I would say that in the mix of the deals we have this quarter, many of them relate to our new cloud business including from a previous question we had another TRIAD cloud deal that we sign that was in one of our top 10 deals this quarter. So, there’s some very strong business that’s out there, unfortunately we didn’t get it all done by the end of December. But, we anticipate that we will catch itself up before the end of the fiscal year. So, beyond that, I wouldn’t say there is any other important trends to think of.
Will Lansing: Bill, there is a pipeline of potential opportunities in those buckets, and we added no new players in terms of new deals of any size that I can think of in quarter one. So, hopefully, we’ll have more to speak about in the next quarter or two on that.
Will Lansing: Well, inherently, it’s the same as what we guided at the end of last year, because we have not updated our revenue guidance. So, from that regard, yes, that is true. We obviously had a stronger first quarter than we anticipated. We have a lot of license revenue to sign to hit the 990. And based upon a lighter first quarter in that it made sense to just let the guidance ride as is. But, I would say it’s safe to say, we feel better and better as we continue to see strength in all aspects of our Scores business.
Will Lansing: Well, we’re not into March yet, Bill. Remember, we’re in January. I know out in Boston, you kind of wish it was the March timeframe. I’ll let you know. So, I would say, most of our deals frankly are loaded to the backend of any given quarter, usually comes in the third month of the quarter. And so, giving you much more guidance on January really probably won’t do a whole lot.
Will Lansing: Well, if our cash expense is going down $14 million, which is what we stated, that’s dollar for dollar cash. So, we should see that -- this claim for the timing of when the cash payments go out or estimated cash payments go out. But, over the course of time we should see at least $14 million starting to come back through our cash flow statement, at least based on the way we see it today.
Will Lansing: Yes. That’ll just be several million dollars this year, for the remainder of this fiscal year and they’ll might be a couple of million that’ll spill into next year but it’s a pretty inconsequential amount compared to our overall numbers.
Will Lansing: We adjust our prices for our score, all of our scores typically annually. And so, every year we evaluate kind of where we are and we make modest adjustments and this year is no different. And so, yes, there is a little bit of pricing impact, but every year, we have little bit pricing impact.
