William J. Lansing: Thanks, Steve. Today, we announced the results for our third quarter of fiscal 2013. I'll briefly recap those results, talk about the performance of our different segments and give our view on the macro environment. In our third quarter, we reported revenue of $184 million, an increase of 15% over the same period last year. On a GAAP basis, we delivered $20 million of net income and earnings of $0.54 per share for the quarter, down 5% and 8%, respectively, from the same period last year. The GAAP results included a noncash tax charge of $0.07 per share. We delivered $29 million of non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP EPS of $0.80 per share, increases of 14% and 10%, respectively, from the same period last year. Recurring revenues throughout our business were strong again this quarter. We are pleased with the continued momentum we're seeing in our Scores business, which I'll discuss in a minute. One area of disappointment is the lengthening of the license sales cycle, particularly among North American banks. While we still feel the size and quality of our pipeline provides us with the ability to deliver against our previous guidance, we had expected to close more deals at this point in our fiscal year. As a result, we are adjusting our guidance down modestly. Mike will explain this when he reviews the financials, but first I'll discuss the results in each of our business segments. Our Application revenue this quarter was $115 million, up 17% from the same period last year. Most of the increase is attributable to the acquisitions of Adeptra and CR Software, but we continued to deliver very good results in fraud banking, which is up 14% year-over-year. As I said earlier, Applications is an area where we have seen delays in license sales. While we had a decent quarter, posting $13 million in license revenue, we had expected to close even more deals in Q3 but did not because of the lengthening sales cycle. Our Tools revenue was $22 million this quarter, up 7% from the same period last year. The increase was driven primarily by services revenue, as we work with our customers to implement and customize our Blaze and Xpress products. We are also seeing an increase in maintenance revenues as we reap the benefits of previous license sales and the high rate of maintenance contract renewals. Our final segment is Scores. We're very pleased with the results in this segment, and particularly with the momentum that we've seen in both the B2B and B2C portions of the business. As you know, this quarter we renewed our contract with Experian. While I won't go into details, I will say that I'm very happy that we extended our long-standing relationship serving U.S. financial services customers. I'm also thrilled that the new agreement allows us to offer U.S. consumers their FICO Scores based on Experian data. Our website, myFICO.com now offers consumer FICO Scores based on credit data from each of the 3 bureaus. Our B2C business was up 21% versus last year, including a modest benefit from the sale of Experian-based scores, which we began to offer in June. We will see a full quarter impact in the fourth quarter and expect to see continued momentum in our subscription business to consumers. On the B2B side, revenues increased 10% over the same period last year, due to increased volumes driven by stronger mortgage and auto lending. We've also seen modest improvements in the macro environment and are beginning to see other signs of growth in consumer lending, particularly as financial institutions seek to market their products and services to broader segments with consumers. Coming out of the recession, banks tended to offer credit primarily to consumers with high FICO Scores. Now as they begin to compete for the business with consumers with mid-range FICO Scores, we expect volumes to continue to improve. We've continued to move quickly to integrate the acquisitions we've made in the past year and expect them to make significant contributions to our revenue and margins in fiscal 2014, which we'll discuss next quarter. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike for further financial details.
William J. Lansing: Manav, the answer to that is it's -- is the same as the answer we've had, which is we look at acquisitions on a somewhat opportunistic basis, and we can't completely control the timing of when the right deal comes along. And so where we have the cash available and we don't have the deal, we're in buyback mode. And now and then, the buybacks are going to be suspended when we need to use the cash for acquisition. So I would not read too much into the fact that we bought a bunch of stock this quarter. That could be different next quarter or we could buy a bunch more. I mean, I really can't say.
William J. Lansing: I think that is a combination of 2 things. It's a combination of the environment that our customers are operating in, and we all know that environment. And so there's a little more complexity to their side of the equation. And I think the other part of it is the way we're going at our deals. We're looking at larger deals, and they naturally take longer to get done. And so it's a combination of both factors.
William J. Lansing: Yes. On the prescreen side, we've seen some modest growth over the last 3 quarters in a row on volumes that are being pulled for acquisition and marketing purposes. This quarter, we saw 8% growth over last year on volume acquisitions. And year-to-date, we're up modestly, about 4% on a year-to-date basis. We have seen more of the actual revenue growth, though, coming on the origination side, and that's been tied more to the mortgage and the autos. So I would say modest improvement, nothing eye-popping and off the charts, but several quarters in a row of continued growth is well accepted here.
