Will Lansing: Yes. Good question. I would say that our M&A strategy has not changed dramatically. I think you will see us continue to do technology tuck-ins as appropriate where we find pockets of talent in technology and IP that are really synergistic of what we are doing especially around decision management platform and pipeline over the cloud. But, I wouldn't confine it just to those areas. And at the same time, we are always on the look out for bigger, more game changing acquisitions. That said, we remain as conservative as we have always been in terms of evaluating those kinds of acquisitions. And that's not to say we wouldn't do one but it have to meet a pretty high hurdle. We have to be very confident that it's going to advance our business in a pretty material way. And certainly for us to take any dilution, we have to have very high expectations for the return that we will get. As always we evaluate everything against the alternative of buying back own shares and because we are so confident in the brightness of our future that's a high hurdle too. So we absolutely look at bigger deals all the time. I mean its very much within our scope and it remains to be seem whether we are going to build one or not, but we are always looking.
Will Lansing: Yes. So over the past three, four quarters now we have had a very long cycle for getting deals completed mainly in the U.S. banks and then the U.S. markets. Some of the deals that have been held up in the sales cycle since last year are starting to sign. And we are starting to see of that in the form of bookings and some of that as part of the revenue that we reported this quarter. But, that cycle is kind of continuing to push. So we have seen a little bit of that backlog come through. We're also seeing some very nice strong services deals for companies that are upgrading to our current version of a product. And so generally, when a company upgrades to a current version, they get that version through the maintenance they have been paying and they hire us to come in and help install, and implement. And so we have a fairly healthy backlog of implementation service that's embedded in part of these deals.
Will Lansing: Well, we are constantly looking at improving on the technology that we have out in the marketplace. And just as FICO 8 replaced the scores that preceded that, we have the next generation of scores coming. This has been in the works actually for several years and so why now, I mean why not now. It is a regular thing for us to move generationally from one score to the next and we do it with tremendous caution because FICO 8 obviously has very wide spread adoption that we want to do in a way that's not disruptive to the marketplace. But there is – the beauty of the way we are going at it is – that it is both backwards compatible for people who have FICO 8 in place. And there are opportunities for more kinds of customization for our bank customers who want to do other things that they weren't able to do before.
Will Lansing: I don't know exactly what anything you call it, the products are there. They have been made available as services and we are just starting to sell them now. The market is increasingly interested in it maybe faster than we even expect it. And we have done our first few SaaS deals where we literally took the functionality that we had in the non-premise application like Originations Manager 4 and have it in the marketplace now and deals done in – on a SaaS basis with Origination Manager 4.5. That would be an example. But, we have that across the board.
Will Lansing: We have to earn our wins everyday in that business. We don't take anything for granted. The appetite of our customer base for Open Access seems to be very large. And although that's not a lot of revenue that comes from Open Access, it really does help us with cementing the franchise. And we hope that the strong position in Open Access leads to additional revenue in programs like our education program – the credit education program.
Will Lansing: Oh, sorry. I didn't hear you. Yes. Normally our bookings term is usually 23 or 24 months quarter-after-quarter, little bit longer 28 months this quarter. I won't necessarily read into any about it other than we have a couple of our large deals we did 9 deals over $3 million. A couple of them have 36 and 48 month terms to it. One in particular has a four term but that was a larger deal. And so that skews a little bit of the pie.
