William J. Lansing: Thanks, Steve. Today, we announced the results of our third quarter of fiscal 2012. I'll briefly summarize those results and then discuss some of the exciting things we've been working on and what they mean for the growth of the business. I'm pleased to report we had a solid third quarter. Our revenue of $160 million was an increase of 7% over the same period last year. We delivered $21 million of net income and earnings of $0.59 per share versus $0.58 last year. I'm also pleased to report that we are increasing our full year guidance, which we'll detail later. As we've stated in prior discussions, we're continually weighing share repurchases against the possibility of acquisitions in order to achieve the greatest long-term return on capital. This quarter, we managed to do both. Mike will provide details on the share repurchases in a few minutes, but I'd like to talk about our acquisition this quarter of Entiera, which gives FICO a SaaS-based next-generation marketing automation platform. This is especially important in today's environment where marketing executives spend nearly as much on technology as CIOs as they struggle to keep up with rapidly evolving digital, social, mobile and interactive technologies and exploding volumes of structured and unstructured data. Since completing the acquisition in May, we've already made significant progress on integrating the Entiera platform with FICO's existing marketing decision management technologies. In fact, the acquisition has accelerated FICO's Marketing solutions product roadmap significantly. Soon, FICO will usher in a new era of analytically driven, big data multichannel campaign management, providing a combination unmatched in the industry today. In concert with the product integration, we've already begun migrating a number of large existing FICO customers to the new platform. This will enable these clients to benefit from a more functionally rich, efficient and high-performance campaign management solution. This acquisition will also serve as the vehicle for FICO to expand the reach of our marketing solutions into new industry verticals. The software-as-a-service delivery model we've acquired will also provide the means to deliver FICO's proven high-end marketing analytics products to mid-market clients in a highly competitive manner. As I said last quarter, we set the bar high as we evaluate potential acquisitions. I think Entiera provides a good illustration of what we look for. First, it's important that whatever we're acquiring must be able to be integrated quickly and efficiently with our existing product base, enhancing the functionality of our core products. Second, we look for opportunities to leverage our global sales force and extensive customer base. If we can find companies with products that provide our customers with additional capabilities that are closely adjacent to those of our current companies, we believe such an acquisition will help us take additional market share. Third, we look for products that are growing in terms of revenue and market share and have room for further growth. Finally, we keep a keen eye on valuation. And again, this is where we constantly weigh the value of acquisitions against investing in our own business, either through share buybacks or through internal development and operations. As I said last quarter, I'm convinced we're in a great position to capitalize on opportunities inherent in big data. You might not know it from the hype, but the real value in big data is not going to come from relaxing constraints on data storage and processing. The real value in big data lies in the ability to extract value from incremental data sets of increasingly marginal utility and ultimately make smarter business decisions. Nobody knows how to do that better than FICO, and we're moving quickly to seize the opportunity. So with that, I'll now pass the call to Mike for further financial details.
William J. Lansing: What we're doing in the B2C business is essentially rebuilding it. We've rebuilt some of the team there. We've moved the location into the heart of Silicon Valley where we think we can pick up the kind of talent that we want for a consumer-facing business like this. And so we don't see the decline that we've seen this quarter continuing for long. What we see is a rebuild in that business.
William J. Lansing: Actually, our retention is improving but we've dramatically reduced our SEM efforts, our customer acquisition efforts, while we transition to a new platform and evaluate the strength and profitability of the programs. And so, as I said, I think we're in a rebuilding mode, meaning our analytics around it are getting better. We understand our programs better today than we did in the past. And we believe that we'll be in a position to ramp up our marketing spend and our customer acquisition efforts there in the future. Right now, we're running at a reasonably low customer acquisition SEM customer acquisition program and relying more on SCO.
William J. Lansing: I think that probably the right way to evaluate it -- because what we're doing is we're integrating it very quickly. We're really going to market together. So the notion of kind of breaking out Entiera and looking at it separately is not a good way to look at this business. So I think the right way to evaluate the wisdom and successfulness of -- the success of this acquisition is to look a year from now at whether our marketing solutions business is stronger a year from now than it is today. Because that's how we think about it. And so we go to market together with them. If you think about what it is that we bought here, besides the terrific management team, we got really nice technology and a nice platform. We -- our solutions, our marketing solutions, are tremendous on the analytic side, but we -- I think we are best-in-class in if you want to think about it as segmentation of one and that kind of analytics. And what Entiera brings to the party is tremendous campaign management, the ability to have an interactive dialogue with the consumer that makes operational the analytics that we've put in place. And so taking those to market as a package, working with our clients together on that, we think is the right way to do it. We sell the products, our Retail Action Manager products, together with the Entiera Insight products. And we've actually -- we've only been owners of Entiera for a very short time, we've already sold our first deal together. So we are very bullish on the way this is going to work out.
William J. Lansing: It's a fairly balanced pipeline we have, Carter, between tools and apps, and so I wouldn't take one or the other and accelerate it per se. Our tools business, as you know, can kind of bounce around and be lumpy based upon large deals that happened to get signed. And we signed a couple of very nice big deals this quarter and, in part, that's what pushed our revenue up to the $20 million. We also are in the midst of a lot of implementation work, and services revenue on the tool side has been very strong. So I think the guidance we laid out at the beginning of the year for all of our software companies is probably the right way to look at both of them.
William J. Lansing: Well, we'll be -- we're in the middle of doing our planning for next fiscal year. We feel pretty good about our fourth quarter and pipeline beyond that. And our intention in the long term remains the same as it was when we started the year out, which is the growth rates in the 5% to 7% being sustainable, and we don't have anything to change today with regards to that. And when we deliver our fourth quarter results here in a few months, we will update everybody on the guidance at that point.
William J. Lansing: Yes, so good question. When we took the restructuring and drove -- 1.5 years ago and we drove some of the margin expansion, some of -- a couple of percentage points came out of the R&D line. At that point, we made the comment that we expected to invest some of that margin expansion back into the business modestly as opportunities arose. A little bit is coming back in right now. We are at about 9%. I still think over the near term, 9% to 10% is probably a good way to look at it from your modeled perspective.
Michael J. Pung: Yes, let me give you an idea, Manav. This quarter on the B2C side, we delivered about $9.3 million of revenue. That compares to about $9.6 million in the second quarter, and first quarter was $9 million. So we basically landed on around $9 million to $9.5 million. And that's been our run rate as of recent on the B2C business as we're investing back into the organization.
Michael J. Pung: Certainly, last quarter, third quarter B2C was at $10.3 million. So we're down about $1 million from same period last year.
Michael J. Pung: So the health of the pipeline has been very good, before we bought Entiera and even now today of course. We have several large deals that we are working on with respect to our PMM and our marketing group. I'm not planning to break out any specific numbers at this point in time, but the pipeline and marketing is very strong, Manav, if that's what your question is.
Michael J. Pung: Sure, Ty. This is Mike here. We had a great quarter at TRIAD. Sold several deals this quarter and had a very strong quarter. We recently released TRIAD 8.6. In simple terms, what 8.6 does is it provides our customers with the ability to do more advanced modeling and more detailed modeling around scenarios that underlie the strategies that they're trying to execute on. We increased the number of potential scenario opportunities tenfold, from literally 1,000 to 10,000 different scenarios, making the application itself more powerful and flexible to the banks. We also, in coordination with that, expanded some functionality that allows our clients to manage small business portfolios at a much more granular level than what the prior version of TRIAD did. So generally a right-of-dot release, but a very powerful release for those who are modeling many, many different types of scenarios as they are looking for ways to grow profitably.
Michael J. Pung: Well, I think it's a little of both. I mean, we obviously have a very big TRIAD installation base, and credit card growth will drive the volumes just organically within the base. This functionality provides some additional features that keeps us way ahead of the market in terms of any competition and hits the sweet spot of some of the banks who are looking at managing the profitability of their portfolios, which is increasingly a bigger and bigger priority.
Michael J. Pung: Yes, we went through a couple of major upgrades with Falcon last year. That was the heavy Falcon upgrade year, if you will, for us. We continue to add functionality right of dot. I believe we're at 6.1.4, and we probably have a couple of other right-of-dot upgrades for the remaining part of this calendar year that are basic functionality that's building out this suite of products. But we don't really have any major upgrade that's on at least the near 6-month horizon.
Michael J. Pung: Sure. Our Insurance Fraud Manager product is performing very well. We had a very large sale this quarter through one of our processors, and we have several others that are in the works. And the product is performing very well. We're continuing to do again, right-of-dot upgrades and pushing the distribution channels. So we had a real good quarter in IFM.
Ty M. Lilja: First, I was curious about the TRIAD upgrade announced last week. I was wondering if you could talk about the features of that and kind of what the outlook is for that product line.
Ty M. Lilja: Okay, sure. And also, I was wondering if you could just give an update on where you're at in the Falcon upgrade. I know it's been kind of an ongoing process.
Ty M. Lilja: Okay. And I was wondering too, could you just -- if there's any new news around your health insurance fraud product.
