Steve Weber: Thanks, Will and good afternoon everyone. As Will mentioned, we had another good quarter with total revenues of $448 million, an increase of 12% over the prior year. Score segment revenues for the quarter were $241 million, up 20% from Q3of 2023. B2B revenues were up 27%, driven primarily by mortgage origination revenues. Our B2C revenues were down 2% versus the prior year due to volume declines in our on myFICO.com business. Software segment revenues in the third quarter were $206 million, up 5% versus Q 32023. On prem and SaaS, software revenue grew 7% year-over-year, while professional services declined 9%. This quarter. 85% of total company revenues were derived from our Americas region, which is the combination of our North America and Latin American regions. Our EMEA region generated 10% of revenues and the Asia Pacific region generated 5%. Our total software ARR was $710 million, a 10% increase over the prior year. Platform ARR was $215 million, representing 30% of our total Q3 '24 ARR, up from 25% of total in of 2023. Platform ARR grew 31% versus the prior year, while non platform ARR grew 3% to $495 million this quarter. Our platform land and expand strategy continues to be successful. Our dollar based net retention rate in the quarter was 108%. Platform NRR was 124% while our non platform NRR was 101%. Platform NRR was driven by a combination of new use cases and increased usage. Our software ACV bookings for the quarter were $27.5 million. As a reminder, ACV bookings include only the annual value of software sales and exclude professional services. Our expenses for the quarter - total operating expenses were $258 million this quarter versus $220 million $2 million in the prior year and the increase of 16% year-over-year and 8% versus the prior quarter. Our third quarter included our FICO World event and a true up for our annual incentive rewards, and we expect Q4 expenses to be down modestly from our Q3 run rate. As Will noted, the prior year includes an $8.5 million one time reimbursement of third party data implementation costs and a reduction to income tax expense of $9.5 million associated with the valuation of our R&D tax credits. Our non GAAP operating margin, as shown in our Reg-G schedule was 52% for the quarter, compared with 51% in the same quarter last year. GAAP net income this quarter was $126 million, down 2% from the prior year's quarter. Our non GAAP net income was $156 million with a quarter of 9% from the prior year's quarter. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 24.5%. We believe that our fiscal year 2024, net effective tax rate is expected to be around 22%, while our recurring tax rate is expected to be around 26%. The recurring tax rate is before any excess tax benefit and other discrete items. Free cash flow for the quarter was $206 million, a 69% increase from the previous year. The trailing 12 month free cash flow was $551 million compared to $467 million in the prior quarter. At the end of the quarter, we had $199 million in cash and marketable investments. Our total debt at quarter end was $2.13 billion with a weighted average interest rate of 5.3%. Currently, 61% of our total debt is fixed rate. Our floating rate debt is prepayable at any time, giving us the flexibility to use free cash flow to reduce outstanding floating rate debt balances in future periods. During the quarter, we secured a $450 million term loan and used those proceeds to reduce our revolving line of credit and to provide additional debt capacity. Turning to return of capital. We bought back 196,000 shares in the third quarter at an average price of $1,293 per share. That exhausted the existing board authorization, which was approved in January, and we have just announced a new Board authorization for $1 billion. We continue to view share repurchases as an attractive use of cash. And with that, I'll turn it back to Will for his thoughts on the rest of the year and the increase in our full year guidance.
Steve Weber: Yes. So we are pretty conservative with the way we guide. So we want to make sure that a lot of the -- on the Scores, we don't have much control over, right? So we don't really know what's going to happen there. I would say that generally, the fourth quarter is a little lighter seasonally for mortgage. Mortgage volumes aren't as high, typically then as they are in the spring. So there might be some -- a little bit of volume decline there, but a lot of it just spends in the environment which we don't have a lot of visibility to.
Steve Weber: Yes. And I would say, I mean, we had higher numbers last year. And at the time, we said there were some things driving that. Some of it was some of the CPI increase that we had. And we had some advantages last year from some FX as well. And we knew that we're not going to maintain this year. So it's kind of what we thought was going to happen, it would settle more to around 100%.
Steve Weber: Yes. And it does depend on the customer, how sophisticated they are, how ready they are. But yes, I mean, if you sign deals now in the next 6 to 9 months, you should start seeing a flow-through on that.
Steve Weber: Yes. I mean for the most part, everybody was using the traditional FICO scores and now they're just moving to the 10-k [ph] ahead of the adoption by the FHFA.
Steve Weber: Well, you've heard us say in the past, and I certainly continue believe that what in charge to the FICO of you have some public criticism around the price of your stores. Like how is your approach or thought process, Our thought process sis that over time, we're going to close some of that gap. And I think anyone who actually studied the numbers and gets into the details of it, sees the FICO scores are a tiny piece of the overall process, whether you're talking mortgage or any other kind of credit evaluation process. And so I would say no, no real change anticipated.
Steve Weber: We're really not seeing that. That's not -- I mean, we've certainly heard that and I guess the industry is experiencing that, but we haven't felt that.
Will Lansing: Thanks, Steve. We are executing on our strategy. Our customers are delighted with our innovative products. Our execution is generating strong financial results, including impressive ACV bookings, record free cash flow and an increase in FICO platform and FICO 10-T adoption. The business is strong. I'm pleased to report that today, we're again raising our full year guidance as we enter the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. We're raising our full year revenue guidance to $1.70 billion. GAAP net income is now expected to be $500 million with GAAP earnings per share of $19.90. Non-GAAP net income is now expected to be $582 million, with non-GAAP earnings per share of $23.16. With that, I'll turn it back to Dave, and we'll open up the Q&A session.
Will Lansing: FICO World is always and was this year the biggest pipeline generating event that we have. And so we came out of FICO World with a very, very healthy pipeline. I would say that the selling environment has not changed that much over the last year or so. And I would also emphasize that increasingly, customers are buying FICO software as a strategic move. And so it's a very considered purchase. And it's not just like going out and finding a point solution to a small problem, to a specific problem. It's a bigger thing than that. And that hasn't changed. That's kind of the new way of operating.
Will Lansing: Our mortgage volumes are a lagging indicator relative to other mortgage data that you have. Our mortgage volumes are down versus a year ago, they're pretty much flat versus a quarter - last quarter. And then none of that is particularly surprising.
Will Lansing: I wouldn't say that it's cannibalization if that's what your question is getting at. We're pretty pleased with our classic offerings with 101% NRR. We've been trying to manage that business in this relatively flat way, and we're pleased that it's turning out that way. But as you can see, the growth is on the expand side on the platform. It's -- we don't -- we let the market tell us what it wants, but we're not displeased with the way it's shaking out.
Will Lansing: Yes, volumes were relatively flat, but there really is a mix shift. So we had more of a mix shift to more market share in the peers that are a little bit less price for us. Unit cost is a little bit lower. So that's really the difference between the volume and the revenue. So the price per score went down slightly because of a mix shift.
Will Lansing: Probably, yes. I mean we don't -- we think we're pretty confident in that at around that rate. It can change as we go out further, but we think that's a sustainable rate. And we've got -- it helps when you have a good quarter like this in terms of signing new deals, too, because that will help boost the ARR in the future. So we don't have really good visibility to because a lot of it depends on how quickly our customers can get online and how much usage they have, but there's a lot of growth there. So we're pretty confident that we can maintain these levels.
Will Lansing: Well, it's -- as you know, it's a long sales cycle as long as 400 days, and it takes not that long to get live once it's all said and done. But I think that the flow-through is the subsequent year. I mean that's the easiest way to think about it.
Will Lansing: We're already seeing a little bit of an uptick in refi and it's not exactly a gigantic leap of faith that as rates come down, we'll see volumes go up. We fully anticipate that. Your guess is as good as ours as to the timing of the rate cuts. We would hope to see some rate cuts towards the end of this year and next year and volumes go up with that.
Will Lansing: Yes. I mean the subprime markets obviously seem the biggest pullback, which is not surprising, right? You're late in the credit cycle, you have a lot more uncertainty, and that's kind of where you see that happen first. Bank by bank, it kind of varies depending on what they're looking at and what kind of what kind of campaigns they might -- may or may not be running. But we see banks being relatively conservative with new originations. And I think we're kind of waiting to see what happens and see what the economic environment looks like. So it's really not surprising. We saw probably a little over a year ago, strong growth there when mortgage started to slow down and rates start to go up, we saw strong growth there. But now I think there's just more uncertainty in the market, and they're just kind of being more cautious in their originations.
Will Lansing: It's almost completely around that reimbursement we had last year. So that was a big number we had, and that was all on the software side. So that's the driver of that.
Will Lansing: Well, we'll get some margin expansion next quarter because, I mean, again, we had some costs at FICO World this quarter was not going to repeat next quarter. So we'll have some -- our costs will decline next quarter, and that will end up with some margin expansion. We -- these costs are big enough where any one given quarter, something like FICO is going to have an impact on that quarter's margin.
Will Lansing: Yes. I mean a lot of that is the fact that we had the Omega growth the non-platform growth to what we saw last year. So that right there drives most of the -- and obviously, the platform side is growing 50% either. But -- so we think these kind of growth rates going forward, as I said earlier, that's probably more likely, but we're going to see it continue. And as the numbers get bigger, it's harder to drive 50% growth, 3% to 4% growth. So we're pretty happy with the 30% growth on the platform side and on the non-platform we think we can get better than 100%. We're happy with that as well.
Will Lansing: Well, I mean, we've got -- I mean, again, we had a really good quarter with new bookings, and we've got a lot of installed base that's rapidly expanding. I mean when we install most of our customers look for new ways to use it, and we see that in the net retention rate. And that's -- that number continues to be do well, and we continue to add more business to it. So we can't guarantee it, but we've got a lot of reasons, both data-driven and anecdotally to think that we're going to continue to see that kind of growth.
Will Lansing: Our strategy around software pricing is -- we're very focused right now on making our software accessible and encouraging adoption. And so while there's probably room for value pricing in our software business, that's not where our direction is. Our direction is to put the software in the hands of our customers and then watch revenue grow as their usage increases. And the usage increases within the initial applications that they put the platform to use for. And then also, as they discover new uses, the expand part of our land expand strategy is very much wrapped around the customer taking control of what they can do with the platform and coming up with new use cases. And we tend to design in a way that we don't have to renegotiate contracts and go back and do a lot of contractual work for them to do more revenue with us. we tend to design it in a way that they can select how much usage they want and our revenue goes up automatically as their usage goes up.
Will Lansing: You know, Jeff, I don't think that we have tremendous changes regionally. I wouldn't try to read too much into the data on a quarterly basis. We have strength of platform across all the regions. I think Asia Pacific was a little behind the other regions in terms of platform adoption, and there were some structural reasons for that. For example, AWS was not available in India before and now it is. But we're seeing adoption across all the regions. Yes, I would think some of what you see might see with the volatility is when we have that point-in-time license revenue, and that could skew things in one given quarter. But we've had a lot of adoption in the last year in North America, and we're starting to see a lot more interest to in EMEA as well.
