William J. Lansing: Thanks, Steve. I'm happy to say we delivered our highest revenue quarter ever, and our team is executing at a high level. We remain very bullish on our business and because of the increased visibility into our growth, we are today raising our full year guidance which Mike will explain shortly. In our second quarter, we reported revenues of $258 million an increase of 13% over the same period last year. We delivered $32 million of GAAP net income and GAAP earnings of $1.03 per share. We delivered $48 million of non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP EPS of $1.54. Most importantly, we're delivering revenue growth while we're successfully transitioning our business model from upfront license revenue to a recurring revenue base. This quarter year-over-year revenue grew at 13% even while license revenue declined by 36%. We were able to drive growth through increasing our recurring revenue which is up 21% over the last year. In fact, recurring revenues accounted for 76% of our total revenues this quarter compared with 71% last year. In Applications, revenues were up 9% over the prior year. Our Originations Solutions and Customer Communication Services were particularly impressive, up 50% and 17% respectively from last year. We were able to grow total recurring revenue in Applications by 14% giving us more visibility to predictable future revenues. In our Decision Management Software, we continued to make progress even as this segment sees the most impact of the revenue model transition. This quarter for instance, upfront licenses were down 52% from last year, which caused total revenues to be down about 19%. Historically, Blaze Advisor and Xpress Optimization were sold as perpetual or term licenses. More and more we're selling these in the cloud either our own FICO Analytic Cloud or on AWS. And as a result the revenue is reported as SaaS recurring revenue. We continue to have a healthy pipeline of opportunities as our technology drives sales in both our DMS and Applications segments. In the Scores business we had a great quarter as we continue to look for new revenue opportunities. Total revenues were up 34% versus the prior year and are up 26% year-to-date. On the B2B side, revenues were up 47% over the same period as last year. This was driven partly by increased volumes but much of it was due to targeted price increases. As we've been saying for the last several quarters, we are continually reviewing our pricing practices and have identified instances where the pricing was not commensurate with the value delivered. We implemented some adjustments in January with pricing increases, in this case primarily, in mortgage originations. B2C revenues were up 13% this quarter and 19% year-to-date. We continue to roll out new programs with existing partners and are beginning to see revenues from recently implemented deals. We still have a large pipeline of potential deals and see many opportunities to serve this constantly evolving space. As always, we remain focused on driving shareholder value. We've repurchased nearly $125 million in shares halfway through our fiscal year. At the same time we're actively investing in exploiting the many opportunities that we're pursuing. I'll share some summary thoughts later, but now I'd like to turn the call over to Mike for further financial details.
William J. Lansing: Thanks, Mike. We are halfway through our fiscal year and I'm very happy with where we stand. Last week we hosted our FICO World Conference where we brought together more than 1,000 of our customers to showcase the latest in our decisioning solutions. I had the opportunity to sit with many customers and those discussions confirmed for me that we are uniquely positioned to help a wide range of companies solve their most difficult decisioning problems. Our development teams have done a magnificent job of cloud enabling our IP and tailoring it to be delivered in an efficient cost effective manner. And our sales team is successfully signing deals to build the backlog of recurring transactional revenue. At the same time our FICO Scores continues to prove the value they bring to the entire financial ecosystem. We believe we're poised to do great things in the remainder of fiscal 2018 and beyond. I'll now turn the call back to Steve for Q&A.
William J. Lansing: No, I think that it's a matter of certainty versus uncertainty. So we had our views about the way things would likely evolve. But until it's done, it's not done. And so as you know, we tend to be conservative on guidance.
William J. Lansing: Yeah. I think that's a fair question, we did talk about it. And I think our view is that who knows how this is going to shake up from a regulatory standpoint – from a statutory standpoint. But in the event that we wind up being a sole source score provider, we didn't want it said that we were leveraging that position to push through price increases. I mean, I think that we're really trying to just have the pricing reflect the value being provided to the end user.
William J. Lansing: Yeah, I think that's happening right now as we speak. We're seeing the revenues starting to climb in spite of the transition.
William J. Lansing: I think the meaningful volumes are still in our future, but we don't really control it, it's more in the hands of our partners. And so when they ramp we will be in good shape, but they're not really, they're in the process of ramping now.
William J. Lansing: Yeah. I would say that the answer is the same in both situations. We have the best product in the market. So our Originations product is just a – it's a really high feature, high function elegant code, kind of an offering. And so it's not surprising that the marketplace has really embraced it. And so we're very busy selling it. Customer Communication Services, same thing, I think that we're best in class and we continue to refine what we do and improve the analytics and the feedback so that they can – so that our customers can maximize the return as their – and optimize their interactions with their customers. So it's really having great product is what it is. I mean, it sounds kind of like a throwaway, but it's – I mean it's truly because we have great products.
William J. Lansing: I wish I could say we're getting to that point, but we're not really slowing. The opportunity set is so strong that we're investing for the future and cloud, security, managed services, professional services to support all that. And we're making the investments that show up on the cost side so that the business can be as strong as we think it can be.
William J. Lansing: Bill, that is the case, we're very much focused on a broad fraud footprint and the way KYC and AML and fraud are all committing app frauds, they're all coming together and so we're looking at it more holistically and our customers are asking for it that way too.
William J. Lansing: Thank you. That concludes today's call. We would like to thank you all for joining us. Have a good day.
Michael J. Pung: Yeah. Two points to that, Manav. So we're not going to get real granular in terms of how much of this came from price versus how much came from volume. But I can tell you that we saw volume increases across the board, across all the lifecycles that we talk about, B2B. And in certain cases some of the lifecycles were in the high-single digits. But that being said, obviously a significant amount did come from some of the very targeted pricing that we did do. As it relates to what we see in this guidance that we just provided, we see a run rate in scores similar to what we delivered in the second quarter and certainly the rest of the year will be dependent upon increases or decreases in volume and any other pricing schedules that begin to become applicable. Again, the bureaus roll these out to their end customers over a period of time and so the uncertainty Will was referring to is because we're not party to those agreements, it's uncertain when exactly the bureaus pass on some of these increases. So that's one of the reasons why this wasn't included back in November when we gave our guidance.
Michael J. Pung: Nothing new in terms of new clients that we're announcing today. I would say though that we've signed a number of deals in the past quarters. They're starting to ramp. Not all of them are fully ramped yet. In this quarter, our consumer revenue coming through those channels are almost as large each quarter as are myFICO business. So both are growing at a very nice rate, I'd like to call out our myFICO business is growing better than 5%, 6%, 7%, so what you're seeing in our numbers on the B2C side is just continue to roll out of what we have and we're continuing to work deals as they arise, but nothing new to announce this quarter.
Michael J. Pung: Yeah. Our pre-screen, our acquisitions scores actually was the highest. It was very high-single digit this quarter. There were some very strong marketing from what we saw this quarter in the numbers we're reporting.
Michael J. Pung: No, not really. Things are pretty solid in the same areas that it has been. We're not seeing any significant shift from certainly last quarter or even the last couple.
Michael J. Pung: Yeah. So a lot of it came, a lot of the growth on the recurring line in particular came from deals that we signed or booked in our fourth quarter, third quarter last year. And they're starting to come online. So we had a lot of growth that came from deals at that point in time. I would say the mix of new client logos versus existing client logos still is primarily existing client logos. It's more – more than half easily or coming from existing customers who are adopting some of the new products. Though we do have a couple of new marquee customers and new logos that we signed to the latter part of last year where you're starting to see the recurring revenue. So it's a nice blend but mainly coming from our existing customer base.
Michael J. Pung: No, we have some scheduled renewals coming in quarter three and in quarter four, we've kind of baked in the effect of that into our new guidance but nothing sizable I would say.
Michael J. Pung: Yeah. I think, Adam, I would say the one kind of disappointment we maybe have this quarter was the timing of some deals. Coming into the very end of the quarter we had, I don't know, roughly $10 million, maybe a little bit more, in deals that we expected to sign that would be book deals not upfront revenue, but book deals with recurring revenue and ended up either signing after the quarter or we're still closing them and pursuing them. So there is the lumpiness that will occur in this business, probably less in license revenue and more in bookings...
Michael J. Pung: Yeah. I think the run rate that we delivered this quarter, the overall run rate $88 million which includes this piece of the B2B is a fairly good run rate to be using right now if all things remain the same on the quantity side. And again, as I mentioned, there is a little bit of uncertainty as to how the rate card gets applied through each of the three bureaus and so there could be a little bit of volatility along the way, but we're assuming in our numbers at least that the run rate is stable.
Michael J. Pung: Yeah. It wasn't a big needle mover this quarter, but it was definitely some incremental revenue from what we've seen in the past but it wasn't a needle mover.
Michael J. Pung: You know, Bill, I'd add to that, over the last couple of years, maybe over the last six, seven quarters but roughly call it two years. We've taken what was an Originations product that was not growing much at all. In fact in some cases stepping backwards and over that two year, the last two year period, we signed 25 or more cloud customers, some pretty needy ones in the banking industry. And what you're starting to see in the revenue is you're starting to see the go lives and you're starting to see the recurring revenue coming on that. That's what accounts for the 50% growth in Originations. These have been deals that we've talked about being booked in the past that are now starting to go live and we've got a lot of people working on Originations business, because, as Will said, it's been winning a lot of deals in the market.
Michael J. Pung: Yeah, I would add one more thing, Bill. Where last year we talked a lot about originations pipeline and deals that we were signing. We believe we're at the frontend of seeing a lot of that on the collections and recovery side. In fact this quarter our largest deal that we booked, which was just north of $10 million in the aggregate was a very solid collections and recovery in the cloud deal, probably one of the largest that'll to be implemented on the planet by us and so we're seeing a very good pipeline on that side as well and the hope of course is to see a repeat of what we've done on the Originations side with that product line.
Michael J. Pung: Yeah, the product hasn't been released yet Bill, but what we're seeing in terms of deals that underpin some of these bookings is we're seeing a lot of Falcon/CCS deals happening together, those are already of course fairly well integrated. And while we're integrating the AML Solution that we bought from TONBELLER, we're actually seeing a ton of standalone AML deals, some quite large ones and we expect a few more before the end of the year. Falcon X as Stuart calls it will be hopefully available by the end of the calendar.
