William J. Lansing: Thanks, Mike. As I said in my opening remarks, 2015 was a pivotal year for us. We made significant strides in improving our products and capabilities, and expanding the delivery options. Our applications are now available to customers to either run on premise or access from the cloud. And we now offer customers through our Decision Management Suite, an easy way to evaluate, customize, deploy, and scale state-of-the-art analytics and decision management solutions. Finally, we found new ways to leverage our Scores assets, and we'll continue to expand usage of the industry standard FICO Score among consumers. We've laid the foundation and are confident we have multiple paths to grow in our future. The difficulty is predicting the timing of these initiatives, in the near-term we do still face some uncertainty in the marketplace. Many of our financial services customers are working in a difficult interest rate and regulatory environment and in some cases its effecting our sales cycle, and lower bookings in 2015 caused some headwind as we head into 2016. With all this in mind, we're providing the following guidance for fiscal 2016. We're guiding revenues between $860 million and $870 million, an increase of about 3% to 4% versus fiscal 2015. We're guiding GAAP net income between $94 million and $98 million. GAAP earnings per share between $2.89 and $3.02. Non-GAAP net income between $144 million and $148 million, and non-GAAP earnings per share of $4.43 to $4.55. The EPS guidance assumes current share counts although as Mike said, we continue to view repurchases as an attractive use of our cash. I'll now turn the call back to Steve for Q&A.
William J. Lansing: Yeah, Bill, I'll give you the actual numbers. So, we started to shift internal dollars that we were spending primarily in development into our distribution channels in around the third and the fourth quarter. So for the last quarter and a half, we probably added about 30 people and onboarded 30 sales people and in the meantime we have reduced our head count in other areas by just over 100. We expect between now and the next month or two to probably add at least another 30 to 40 people in the sales capacity and all-in we're expecting to bring our sales team up by roughly 60 people, most of which are hired from the outside, but some we actually have redeployed from areas like product management into our sales force. So to some degree, we are reshifting already existing spend as opposed to adding new spend to the organization.
William J. Lansing: Well, so we have a – we're in conversations with probably half a dozen potential Affinity customers and we're looking at it in a couple of ways one is directly where we would be, for lack of a better word, the general contractor, and also in other situations where we provide the FICO Score to a partner participating in that space, who would serve the bank or the retailer or whoever it is providing the Affinity services to their customers. And that is kind of the range it's, it is very typically banks, it's retailers, it's anyone who has a large customer base that are good candidates for credit report monitoring services. In terms of the timing, these things take a long time to negotiate and they take quite awhile also measured in quite a few months to turn on, to implement and turn on, and so although we have conversations that are quite far along right now, it's not clear that the revenue will flow in 2016, we'll just have to see how that plays out.
William J. Lansing: Sure. I think that we expect continued growth in Scores, strong growth in Scores. We expect continued strong growth in Tools, although as some of that shifts to cloud and recurring revenue, it may not appear quite as strong in the revenue as it has historically when it was license sales. So we are a seeing a shift from Tools being predominantly license to being more of a mix with SaaS and our DMS offering. And then Applications is clearly the slowest growing of our major business segments. I do think it's probably worth pausing on this for a moment and talking a little bit more about the relationship between Tools and Applications. The fact is that the IP that underlies our Applications, and the IP that underlies our Tools is the same IP. And we solve the same kinds of problems, whether it's originations or questions on a recovery or any other kind of decisioning. And at some level, the way we've gotten to where we are is Tools were a more flexible and a more custom solution. And when there were enough customers who had the same kind of a problem, we would build an application, which was kind of a somewhat standardized solution for a group of customers sharing the same kind of a problem. And so, the distinction between Tools and Applications is a little bit of a fuzzy one because you can use either Tools or Applications to address the same problem. What we're seeing today is much more fuzziness between the two. Our sales people are not compensated to sell one over the other. We are really focused on selling the right solution to the customer, whatever that may be. And as Tools have become more easy to use, as our DMS suite has developed more functionality, more features, it's become more of an alternative to some of our applications and I think what we're seeing is in certain situations, customers opt for a Tools solution where they might previously have opted for an Applications solution. So, this is a case of some amount of cannibalization of our Applications business by our Tools business and it's not a bad thing. You have to look at it holistically and look at the two on a combined basis to have an accurate picture of how our business is doing.
William J. Lansing: Manav, I think that is a very fair question, and I think that 2016 is on our way to a breakout year in 2017. I think that the only reason you see the caution that you see today, is we really do have uncertainty about when some of the stuff hits, but I don't think it's three to five years out. I think it's in the next couple of years. And so, what doesn't happen towards the end of 2016, I think we will start to see happening in 2017. We fully expect that 2017 will be a year of stronger revenue growth and expanding margins.
William J. Lansing: Yeah. So, Manav embedded in the guidance that we provided for Scores is high-single digit growth. And what we did not try to bake in to the guidance for Scores is any incremental revenue that would run through the Experian channel as we have it today, the direct-to-consumer channel beyond the run rate that we are starting the year with. There are other opportunities and other products that could get added along the way if Experian chooses to do that, and if the customer demand exists for it, and that could provide something beyond what we have built in to our guidance. And as Will mentioned in his comments the Affinity programs and any revenue that could come through a partner like Experian or directly through the customer has not been built into any of the guidance as it also is quite uncertain as to when a customer is ready to launch a program like that. I guess I'd lastly say that we also very purposefully have left to the side the alternative Score XD and not included any of that in our plan for fiscal 2016, though from the latest feedback we've gotten from the test group there is certainly is a high degree of interest to bring that into their credit risk management processes. And those things also take a little bit of time and so in order to be prudent we thought we would hold that off to the side and see that how that plays out. So we think there is some upside opportunities along the way in our Scores business that provide some of the tailwind if you will that may offset some of the headwind we saw this year in our software businesses and the late bookings.
William J. Lansing: Yeah, inherent in our guidance is much higher growth in Tools along with high single-digit in Scores and then relatively low single-digit in the biggest part of our business, Applications.
William J. Lansing: That's very true with Applications. We also have some tough comps in the Fraud area where the last two years we've had some pretty large Fraud revenue quarters because of the timing of license revenue. And so with that being harder to predict , we think you blend it all together and this is a reasonable range to operate from and set our cost structure around.
William J. Lansing: Yeah. There was no real seasonality in it. it was more some things that have been in the works for a while that finally came through. The bright spot embedded within the bookings numbers, the $105 million of bookings is that a larger percentage of those bookings than we've seen in recent quarters relates to transactional volume revenue and so that's part of the recurring revenue stream that, once they go live we'll start seeing that revenue quarter-after-quarter. There's a less of beginning an end point if you will like there is in License and Services. So, not only was it a larger number I would say from my perspective the quality of those bookings were better than we've seen certainly over the last few quarters.
William J. Lansing: You know, we continue to look for other ways to take the FICO Score to market. I'm not in a position to comment on the specifics of our discussions with credit bureaus, with the other credit bureaus. But we're always interested in expanding the use of FICO Scores.
