Will Lansing: Thanks Steve, and thank you everyone for joining us for our third quarter earnings call. Before I discuss our results, I'd like to thank our FICO colleagues for their dedication, adaptability, and innovation during this past year. As we begin to open our offices back up, we're moving to a hybrid system where more of our team is working from home, but we've proven in the past year that we can make the most of technology to collaborate and continue to serve our customers and optimize our business, both remotely and in person.  On the Investor Relations section of our website we posted some slides that offer financial highlights of our third quarter.  In our third quarter we delivered revenues of $338 million an increase of 8% over the same period last year. As previously disclosed, we completed the divestiture of our debt collections and recovery products during the quarter. Adjusting for that, revenue grew about 9% year-over-year.  We delivered $151 million dollars of GAAP net income and GAAP earnings of $5.18 per share, including the gain on sale of the C&R products. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes the sale, net income was $99 million, up 29% and earnings per share of $3.38 was up 31% from last year.  We continue to deliver very strong free cash flow growth as well. Free cash flow was $99 million in the quarter and $462 million for the last four quarters, and we're dedicated to using that cash flow return value to our shareholders, through our repurchase program. It was a very strong quarter for us, and we are well positioned for a strong finish to our fiscal year.  As we continue our strategy of migrating our business model towards a subscription based model, we see some disruption in our near term numbers. We're not recognizing as much revenue upfront and not selling and delivering as much lower margin services revenue. So, these efforts are positioning the company for long term predictable and profitable growth.  Beginning next quarter we will be providing additional metrics that will give additional transparency to our business. Metrics like ARR will complement our revenue reporting and provide a better indicator of our growth trajectory. We'll also be talking about the different delivery vehicles for our software, specifically whether the products are delivered on platform or off platform.  The Decision Management platform is the linchpin to our software strategic vision and bringing new customers onto that platform will enable us to scale the business and realize its full potential. As I've stated, we believe we can become the pre-eminent player in decisioning analytics; that is our singular role in our software business.  On the Score side we remain committed to innovation while maintaining the predictability that has always been the cornerstone of the FICO score, and I'm pleased to report that we continue to drive outstanding growth in our Score’s business. Score’s posted another record quarter, up 31% versus the prior year.  On the B2B side revenues were up 23%. Mortgage originations as predicted in the marketplace appear to have peaked and were flat with last year's numbers. It is now a year since the refi boom began and we expect those numbers to trend down as the market returns to more normal levels.  Auto originations continue to be strong with those revenues up more than 30% year-over-year. The most dramatic growth came from credit cards and other unsecured lending products. We had a record revenue quarter in card originations, with revenues up more than 50% from last year. We saw acceleration in card origination activity throughout the quarter and expect that activity to continue to be strong.  Fee screen volumes were up more than 150% versus last year. This is typically a leading indicator for new card origination activity, and shows the financial institutions have a strong appetite to market and originate new accounts in the unsecured market. We believe banks are in a very strong financial position to pivot to other lending products as mortgage demand wins as expected by the industry.  On the consumer side we continue to drive impressive growth. Our B2C revenues were up 50% versus the same quarter last year. That growth at myfico.com while still strong is slowing, which we expected as the mortgage market cools off. Growth among our partners has picked up as Experian and others find new ways to serve an increasingly sophisticated consumer.  Finally, this quarter we closed the divestiture of our collections and recovery product line. Mike will review the financial impacts and talk about how we are using the proceeds for share repurchases. As we said last quarter, the divestiture further focuses our resources on refining and distributing the best-in-class decision platform that we believe is an incredible opportunity for FICO.  I’ll have some final comments in a few minutes, but first, I'll turn the call over to Mike for further financial details. 
Will Lansing: Thanks Mike. As I said in my opening remarks, I'm extremely pleased with our team's ability to manage our business and serve our customers in the midst of all this uncertainty created by the pandemic. We continue to prove that the FICO business model was strong. Our customers rely on our Mission Critical software, scores and other analytics to manage risk and optimize interactions with consumers. We continue to invest and innovate to provide state art solutions for customers looking use analytics to make better decisions.  I'll turn the call back over to Steve now for Q&A. 
Will Lansing: Yeah, the short answer is, without getting into all kinds of details, that was a special situation I think. That score has been around for a long time and our score is very strong and continue to stand the tests in the marketplace of being desirable. We believe our scores are the most predictive out there for what they are used for. And our business in Scores is as strong as it has ever been; our volumes are very strong. We have not seen a decline, and we don't see major issuers switching away. So I guess the best way to characterize that is a one-off and I think that's really it.
Will Lansing: Yes, I think that there's some offsetting trends here, so the one trend that we worry about – we don't worry about it, but we recognize is that mortgage was super high over this last year and we can't expect it to continue at the same levels, and that's what all of our market analysts predict and we don't see any reason to disagree with that. And it is true that when consumers go shopping for mortgage, they often go to credit score monitoring to get a sense for what they are able to get by way of mortgage and pricing. So that's a positive factor that won't be as present going forward, at least until the next cycle.  Offsetting that I think is a level of awareness on the consumer part of the importance of credit scores, which has just been on a steady upward trajectory for a very long time, certainly the last five years. And as I've shared with you in the past, you know 10 years ago the FICO score aided awareness was about 30% in the U.S. and today its over 90% and most consumers are well aware of how important the FICO score is and continue to try to monitor it. So we see that as a positive and a positive that will continue.  And then finally our partners who provide credit report monitoring, credit score monitoring services are increasingly sophisticated in the way they get the message out and what they provide to their consumer customers, and they are doing very well and we encourage that. So, we feel pretty good about the business. 
Will Lansing: I wouldn't expect tremendous changes. I mean there's some benefit that comes from de-emphasizing lower margin professional services as we talked about, so there's a benefit there, but at the same time, you've heard us talk about the opportunity in the platform space and the tremendous amount of R&D that we're pouring into it. And so I think there's focus on cost and expense control on the one hand, but at the same time our investment levels are high. So I think those offset one another and I wouldn't look for tremendous margin improvement.  There's also and this is a much more modest effect, but there's also coming out of COVID there'll be more travel expense, that sort of thing. 
Will Lansing: Yes, absolutely! So all of our major – if you think about our major franchises, customer management, [inaudible] the triad franchise which goes to line increases and judgments about how and what to do with customers, existing customers and our other franchises that we are increasingly putting those solutions on top of the platform, so we're selling our software in a couple of ways.  One is, where the customer is after a solution and they happen to get that solution on top of the platform or they will, but they are still accurate particular solution. But increasingly what we're seeing is major financial institutions saying, we want to standardize on the platform, and we want to do not two or three or four solutions. We have an intent to do 10 or 15 or 20 solutions on top of this platform.  We want to leverage all of our data across all the different places where it resides and apply analytics and do it in a unified way, so we leverage everything that we have to make decisions with respect to customers and that's very much the future of our – that’s our platform strategy and that's our future as doing that.  We have – it's a lumpy business. So we've landed a number of big customers over the last 12 months for the platform for this very purpose with an intent to start with five or 10 or 15 use cases and then expand beyond that. So we're pretty happy that the solution is meeting the need in the marketplace. The platform strategy has legs and it seems to be working.  That said, we have a lot of work left to do. Not all of our solutions are completely reported to the platform and the platform isn't as modular as we wish it were, we're working on that. So there's definitely plenty of investments still going in. But from a customer reception standpoint, we have medium and large financial institutions who have adopted it. 
Will Lansing: Yes, I would say both of those proceed to pace, and that we have – am I hearing this interference.  We are making progress on both the external facing APIs and on FICO Studio, there’s more of that to come, but much of that will be ready this year. 
Will Lansing: Yes, I guess I would say that it is right sized. We don't have any plans for any significant divestiture going forward, at least not at this time. So I would call it right sized. I think the way to think about it is that the application solutions will increasingly be available on top of the decision management platforms and you so [inaudible] bear with you how those things break out. But you know right sized, yes. 
Will Lansing: The shorter term length is significant. It's – Mike can keep me honest, I think it’s on the order of 25% reduction in term length, so it's significant. In terms of whose idea is that, we always do what the customer wants.  That said, if we had – to the extent that we have a choice in the matter, our preferences were shorter, because we do think that's a better way to go. We think that there are more opportunities for us to revisit things sooner if we go for the shorter term length.  So, and this is part of why we changed the way we compensate our sales force as well. We used to compensate on bookings and longer terms to commissions and we no longer do that. Our goal is to provide the term that our customer wants, but shorter is absolutely fine with us. 
Will Lansing: Well, it's probably skews is not even the right way to think about it. Because when we think about skews we are, I don't know, call it 150 skews. But the platform in its modular form provides the opportunity to do hundreds and potentially thousands of combinations of things. And so I think, I think what we are moving to is more of a usage based pricing and a modular pricing that lets customers mix and match the components that they want, to achieve the goals that they want from a solution standpoint and so it's not like everything will be pre-packaged. 
Will Lansing: Obviously, we stayed close to it through our channel partners, the bureaus. But we also certainly for all of the major institutions, we have direct sales relationships, and so any significant activity in one direction or another is well understood by our people and we are in a dialogue with them. 
Will Lansing: Thank you. Thank you everyone for joining. This concludes today's call. We look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thanks for joining. 
Surinder Thind: Thank you. I’d like to start with the question about just the adoption of a competitor score by a large car issuer that's recently revealed I guess. Can you talk a little bit about the competitive marketplace at this point in terms of just how you think about the FICO 10 suites and maybe kind of if there's anything unique that prompted the issuer to switch from using FICO. 
Surinder Thind: That's helpful. And then in terms of just, when I think about the Scores business broadly and especially the strength that we're seeing in B2C, is there any additional color that you can provide in terms of the framework for how we should be thinking about the growth of that business. It is seeing if we were to rewind to last year, I think the thesis was that you know there’s a lot of people that were concerned with their credit scores and so there's a kind of a rush to kind of do credit monitoring on a personal basis.  But now that the pandemic has resided [ph] I guess it – we're further through that process. Can you talk about the resiliency of that business and maybe are there additional factors that are now driving the growth? When I think about it on a sequential basis, the growth was still very impressive. 
Surinder Thind: That's helpful. And then maybe one other quick one. It sounds like auto and credit card volumes were an important contributor to the B2B part of the growth story. Can you talk about maybe where we might be in terms of how close are we to pre-pandemic levels within like the credit card segment at this point? I feel like there's a good visibility into auto volumes, mortgage volumes, which is kind of the third leg of that story. 
Mike McLaughlin: Yes, we need to be careful about that because of the nature of our relationships with the bureaus of course, but it feels as though there's definitely still room to grow. They have rebounded smartly and we can see that in our results, but we're not in the business of predicting credit card volumes as you can understand, but what we can see looking backwards, which is all we can do, is it’s still growing and doesn't appear to be plateauing. 
Mike McLaughlin: Yeah, well sure. There were some numbers in the script which we can revisit with you on the one-on-ones if you like. But as Will said in his previous answer, the story this quarter was about volumes on price. It's not that there was no impact of price, but it was the lion's share for sure about volume in the segments we’ve discussed. 
Mike McLaughlin: I can take that one. Yes, I'm happy to. We mentioned last quarter or perhaps it was in the press release when we announced the deal, that roughly it's 6% of our revenues and that's you know rounding to the nearest percentage. And expense are in the near term that we'll be able to flex in the same ballpark as those revenue numbers.  It's a Q4 heavy business just like our other software businesses are. So the year-over-year impact of not owning that business in Q4 in ’21 would have some seasonality associated with it versus a [inaudible] respect, but what will give you a ball park of what to expect. 
Mike McLaughlin: And Jeff, I can add a little bit of color to that. So the term length, the average term length was 37 months a year ago and it was 30 this time; that's about a 20% decrease, 19% to be specific. And if you apply the rough math, that's $15 million to $20 million of bookings right there, just because of term length. And the other factor is PS intensity. Our PS bookings were $20 million lower this quarter than they were last quarter. You see we are $30 million down in total bookings. So those two factors alone would, you know all else being equal explain that. 
