William J. Lansing: Yes. Thanks, Greg, and good morning. We did have a large deal in Latin America. The first in the country that we signed a deal in. As it relates to the ongoing flow of the business, we had a strong pre-screen or acquisition score quarter, almost across the board compared to the prior quarter. So we're continuing to see momentum now on acquisition scores that are being used for marketing purposes. That was somewhat offset by our higher valued online Originations score where fewer accounts were originated during the quarter. And as a result, the ongoing momentum of the business was down slightly from the prior quarter.
William J. Lansing: Yes. So first, with respect to the acquisitions that we made, those are all fully integrated and running very smoothly and we're happy with all of them, have retained the management from those companies, and are really pleased about the way that goes on. In terms of M&A going forward, we're always evaluating M&A opportunity. We would love to complement our organic growth efforts with acquired growth. That said, we continue to be value conscious. Markets are -- frothy's probably too strong a word, but valuations are high. And so we remain very disciplined in the way we evaluate these things. But we're absolutely active in evaluating. The strategy has not changed. We focus on tuck-ins that extend our current core franchises. We're always open to adding a franchise if we can get it at the right value and with the right kind of growth prospects. And until that -- those are the kind of strengths that we use. Occasionally, we'll do a technology tuck-in like the Infoglide acquisition that we did. But in general, we're pretty happy with our organic technology efforts. We really have a very, very strong development team, strong engineering team and I just have an absolute factory of innovation going on here. So that winds up not being quite as much a focus for M&A.
William J. Lansing: We will continue to focus there. I mean, we have been focusing there, you see it in the fact that our net income is not growing as fast as it has in prior years because we're taking that money and redeploying it into investment in our business. That's almost entirely a function of the opportunity set that we got. We like investing in stock buyback, but when we see the opportunities that we have in developing products and services organically, they're really attractive. And so we continue to invest there. I don't see that stopping in the near future. At the same time, we don't see it ramping up dramatically. I think that we're trying to strike a balance between continuing the stock repurchase, a lot of fiscal discipline, some level of investment in the business. Could we invest more in the business than we do today? We could. We could. But it would be at the expense of net income. And it would have a P&L impact that we're not happy about. So we don't do that. We're disciplined about how much we invest. But it's not going to stop either. This isn't a onetime shot and then we're done. You can expect continued investment. I mean we're building a business for the long haul here.
William J. Lansing: I think that it still is in the cards. I think it's safe to assume that Applications business will look a little bit stronger. But the deals on that side, their license deals, they tend to be lumpier. The timing is a little bit trickier. The sales cycle is long, and so I wouldn't read too much into one quarter.
William J. Lansing: We could do it. We have capacity with our line and with cash on hand and with cash from operations to do a reasonably significant acquisition. And I would say never say never if using paper, although it's -- you know how we feel about it. We value it so much. We're busy buying it in. So it would have to be something reasonably remarkable for us to issue paper to do. But we have the capacity without -- to do a pretty meaningful acquisition without issuing any stock.
William J. Lansing: We see it as -- we have not seen any cannibalization. We don't anticipate cannibalization there. We think there's a lot of opportunity. Obviously, it raises consumer awareness of the FICO Score. As you all know, there are a lot of non-FICO Scores with similar score ranges that are being sold out in marketplace that are most typically not the scores being used by lenders to make their credit decisions. It causes confusion. And frankly it's not great for the FICO brand. And so, the Open Access program lets us really put the FICO brand front and center, in front of the consumer. It lets -- the banks use the same score that they're using to make a better decision. It lets them disclose that with no additional cost to the consumer. And we think that raising that awareness has long-term benefits for us. One, it keeps the banks happier with using FICO Scores, but that's kind of the obvious one. Well, we also think that in the long run, it's going to create opportunities for us in our consumer Scores business. And so we do hope over time to capitalize on the broader consumer awareness.
Michael J. Pung: No. We're using about -- right down in the middle of it, between 33% and 34% now that the R&D credit was not renewed by the Congress.
Michael J. Pung: Yes. So we typically haven't broken out what percent is SaaS, but let me give you little order of context around our business. So over the years, we've had lines of business that we have offered on a hosted basis for our customers. And we are now supplementing those hosted long-term deals with new cloud offerings. So if you lump both our hosted business and our cloud business together, on an annual basis last year, we had just over $150 million of revenue of that nature. And it's concentrated in a couple of areas, particularly in our Marketing Solutions business where we host for almost all of our customers and in our Adeptra business which, of course, is a SaaS offering for all of our customers. Outside of those 2, then we have several smaller product lines where we host or provide a SaaS offering. Kind of outside of our environment, of course, we have long had the national processors host and run our TRIAD and broad products for us. And there's another $80-or-so million of business that's being hosted in a cloud, not by FICO for our customers, but by our partners, the processors. So we have a fairly extensive experience in this area through our legacy hosted businesses.
Michael J. Pung: No, not really. Our CapEx is typically around $20 million to $25 million a year. And it ebbs and flows with the investments that we make internally in the technology. And we would anticipate our full year CapEx to be pretty similar to what it was last year. It's more of the timing.
Michael J. Pung: Yes. So Kevin, thanks for calling in. This is Mike. So we haven't been, right now, quantifying our SaaS deal separately. This is the first quarter we signed deals both on the Originations side and the Debt Manager side. They basically are compiled as part of the bookings right now and rolled forward in the guidance that we provided. The size of these deals are in the $1 million plus range over a multiyear period of time. And so we don't expect this to have a material impact -- these 3 deals to have a material impact for us. We would anticipate as we start to grow the book of business that is SaaS, as the market starts to migrate for us into that direction, that we'll be providing more specific information on the legacy business in comparison to the SaaS business. But right now, it's not large enough for us to break out and not meaningful enough for the investors to trend forward.
Michael J. Pung: Slightly greater, Matthew. The overall booking term was about 2 years. This is -- the SaaS offerings in here were slightly longer than that.
Michael J. Pung: Well, our objective is we're taking these products to market, is to line up a multiyear deal, much like we do with our other on-premise products. And be able to build in a ratable revenue streams that are -- that come along with these product lines. Customers may react differently but because of the nature of a lot of our products, we don't believe it'll be unusual for many of them to have multiyear periods. Though I'm quite certain there'll be customers who will go by year-to-year. So the market will begin to dictate that for us as we further penetrate it.
