Steve Weber: Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining FICO's First Quarter Earnings Call. I'm Steve Weber, Vice President of Investor Relations and I'm joined today by our CEO, Will Lansing and our CFO, Mike Pung. Will is dialing-in from India, where he is attending a company event, so we apologize in advance, if we have any technical issues with his connection. Today, we issued a press release that describes financial results compared to the prior year. On this call, management will also discuss results in comparison to the prior quarter in order to facilitate understanding of the run rate of our business. FICO adopted the new accounting standard Topic 606 as of October 1, 2018. We have also adjusted our FY18 results under this standard and posted that on our website. Today, all comparisons will be made using the adjusted numbers. Certain statements made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve many uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning these uncertainties is contained in the company's filings with the SEC, in particular in the Risk Factors and Forward-looking Statements portions of such filings. Copies are available from the SEC, from the FICO website or from our Investor Relations team. This call will also include statements regarding certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the company's earnings release and the Regulation G schedule issued today for a reconciliation of each of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measure. The earnings release and the Regulation G schedule are available on the Investor Relations page of the company's website at fico.com or on the SEC's website at sec.gov. A replay of this webcast will be available through January 30, 2020. And with that, we'll turn the call over to Will Lansing.
Steve Weber: Thanks, Mike. This concludes our prepared remarks and we're now ready to take your questions. Operator, please open the lines.
Steve Weber: All right. That concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining us and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Mike Pung: Yes. Absolutely, Manav. So our fourth quarter or our first quarter, which ends December tends to be a lighter quarter for us in terms of volume. Volume levels were up in the low single-digits for the quarter with the remainder of the increase made up primarily from pricing in the US as well as B2B Scores that we sold outside of the US, primarily in China.
Mike Pung: That's correct. Similar to last year, when we put our pricing sheets forward, they effectively take effect as of January 1, though they obviously feather in over the course of the year as our resellers reset their price sheets as well.
Mike Pung: That's correct. When we built the guidance in November and communicated it to all of you, we were fairly clear that we had built in general increases in our pricing and any special pricing increases that would take effect have not been included in any of the guidance, simply because it's very hard to predict the timing of when those price sheets will become applicable through our reseller networks.
Mike Pung: No. We don't really have any clear signals despite the fact that the last 30 to 40 days have been relatively choppy, especially with the shutdown of the government. Our pipeline remains strong, our ability to convert still exists. We haven't frankly seen any changes in customer behavior. And so things are quite similar to what they were in November when we last had these formal discussions.
Mike Pung: No. That's a great question, Bill. Falcon X has still not been released. We're still in development and we will be over the next quarter or so. The deals that I referred to are existing Falcon product and they were in the cloud. As you know, we released a cloud version of Falcon a few quarters back and two of our deals this quarter in Latin America were Falcon cloud and as a matter of fact, one of the deals in addition to those were with our new Strategy Director in the cloud also. And so, that product, Falcon and Strategy Director are ready for prime time. There's obviously upgrade paths down the road, but these deals have been in the works for a while and they got converted here this quarter.
Mike Pung: Yeah, that's exactly right, Bill. USAA has been a long and an important user of the FICO score for their credit risk management, and they announced in January that they would be distributing that score in multiple programs to their end customer, similar to what our open access, educational programs and lead generation programs are. They are paid to FICO and our partner Experian as a result of that and we'll start to see some of that revenue begin to flow here in January, when they launch their service.
Mike Pung: Yeah. I'll be happy to. Their credit match program is obviously their lead generation program here that they launched over prior year and a half ago with us in partnership. They're beginning to build, as I understand, through their call, a lot of momentum around building their pre-subscriber base. And some of the growth that you see coming through our consumer channel is frankly coming through that channel as well. The Boost program is a program that they’ve launched, I believe it's this month and it works in coordination with the announcement that we made several quarters ago on UltraFICO, I guess it was last quarter. And we're also working in coordination with Experian under our joint program.
Mike Pung: Yeah. Great question, Adam. So we've done two different kind of pricing actions this year, similar to what we did last year. The first was a more general CPI, I would call it price increase that touches on a number of different parts of the portfolio. That takes effect essentially in January. And then, we have done another special pricing increase to an area, not mortgage, we did the mortgage catch-up, if you will last year and we're touching another area within the portfolio that we have not done any pricing increases on for decades, beginning in January as well. We've not specified yet what part of the portfolio that's in and we likely won't speak to it until we start to see some of the revenue be generated from that. We purposely have left that off to the side of our internal plans and in our guidance, because any special pricing that we do through the re-seller channel we have with the bureaus has to be implemented by the bureaus to their end-customer and their re-seller channels. And the timing of how that all flows through is often a bit uncertain depending upon their existing agreements in place. And as a reminder when our bureau partners have a deal in place that is locked in a pricing deal, we honor that price and we grandfather it. So, we'll start to see reports that will come back for all of these pricing decisions, probably beginning sometime in February and March and we should have a better handle on how it's all rolling out on our next call.
Mike Pung: Yeah. So good question, so when you step back and look at our results, the one thing you may notice when you look at it by type of revenue stream, you'll see that our services revenue went down slightly, compared to last year in the first quarter, which is a bit unusual, because we've booked a significant amount of services business over the course of the last 12 months. Because of the holidays and because of other situations at some of our customers, the pace at which some of these programs are beginning the implementation process have just simply gotten slowed down. And that's really why the services revenue was a little bit below what we'd seen in the past. In terms of giving you an order of magnitude of size, I would say it's probably in the range of something around $5 million of revenue that we typically would have seen had these deals kind of gone up and running in the holiday seasons. And so because they haven't, it just simply gets pushed out into quarter two and possibly some will push into quarter three.
Mike Pung: Yeah. So that's a great question, we don't often talk about the activity that we have down in Brazil and frankly in all of Latin America, it gets blended into our North America book of business typically. But we do close to $80 million to $90 million worth of business in Latin America on an annual basis. Actually, I take that back, it's about 50 million of annual business down in Latin America.  This quarter, we had a tremendous quarter, primarily in the bookings area where we signed a lot of business. What we've seen from the team down there, I would say they're almost the poster child of software sales people, who are very good at selling our decision management platform and all the solutions that are tied and associated to that. And that's what's really been driving a lot of the success. The challenge in Latin America for us is that there are a lot of kind of boutique players down there and so it's very competitive country by country. But we're beginning to find a very nice niche for ourselves with a couple of our products. Falcon is one that has been selling for a while very nicely there and then more importantly to us, the DMP -- or equally important, the DMP has been selling well in part because of the talent we have there on the ground.
Mike Pung: Yeah, I would call UltraFICO something more down the road. As we mentioned in the last call, it's a new initiative that we are partnering with Experian on. There's a lot of work ahead of us still to operationalize it. We've made some progress this quarter. And with the holidays, it's actually gone fairly well, but we don't have anything baked into any of our numbers in fiscal ‘19 related to UltraFICO. We'll see how the implementation and the product development work concludes before we get more specific on that one.
