Will Lansing: Thanks Mike. As I said, last quarter, it's a special time in the history of FICO. After refining our strategy and investing in our future, we are now beginning to see signs of sustainable growth returning to the business. Our score segment is poised to unlock the value that's been built over 25 years of leadership in the financial services system. Our applications remain industry leaders and we have the opportunity to reach new markets by offering these solutions in the cloud. And our decision management suite takes the proven value of IP we built and delivers it to markets that are just now looking to use data to make better decisions. We need to remain focused on execution. We will invest carefully in opportunities for growth and ensure that we deliver a high-quality products and technology on-time. And we will continually look for ways to monetize our IP and expertise and to provide value to our shareholders. I will now turn the call back to Steve for Q&A.
Will Lansing: I would say its both. I mean there is a pretty large group of customers that are been found no file and hard to score with traditional bureau data. And in a world where we can start to use the other kinds of data to make these decisions, it makes all the sense in the world to produce scores on it. And we have been working with Equifax and LexisNexis for some time on putting this thing together. We are really pleased with the results. It took a while to bring it to market because we wanted to maintain the integrity of what the score represents. And so we feel pretty good about the decision makers wrapped around these new scores. Is it, do we think we are generating goodwill with that? I hope so. And we are hoping to open up credit markets for the under banked. How bigger market will this be? Time will tell. I think that there is definitely an appetite from lenders to reach these consumers and we will just see how long it takes. But I think there is definitely a business there.
Will Lansing: Yes. So I don't have the exact number on the SaaS revenue this quarter, but I will tell you our SaaS business, the revenue that we are claiming is growing at around 5% clip. So mid-single digits. The backlog is growing at a rate slightly faster than that. In terms of kind of market penetration and market acceptance. We are continuing to work pipeline opportunities. We are seeing a lot of larger opportunities as well as smaller market opportunities come across our plate. But it's kind of slow as you go in terms of being able to get those deals in place, get them signed and then obviously convert them over to revenue.
Will Lansing: Well, for the quarter we just ended, our quarter two the revenue that is a component of our B2C from Experian came exclusively off of experian.com, which was launched on the 26 of December. Since the end of the quarter, other properties are becoming to convert over. And its – Experian game, they haven't reported any of those crossover numbers subscriber numbers to us yet that reporting will start coming across probably in about a month from now. But just for the knowledge here, we reported the numbers exclusively from experian.com.
Will Lansing: Yes. Bill, I think those are all good examples. We very much have the intension of continuing to enrich the offering to the consumer and those are all good candidates. With the multiple scores we have them up on myfico.com today; I guess that would put us in the forefront of sharing multiple scores with consumers. But, we are certainly willing and happy to have other partners share multiple scores with the consumers and from our standpoint we hope the market goes there. It would be a great thing. In terms of the simulator absolutely that's another natural and we have also talked about consumer card control as a potential offering. So there is a handful of things that are in the works.
Will Lansing: No. We had in terms of the win this quarter, we had one renewal that happened this quarter and then we had several other pretty healthy deals that we signed. That renewal happened in the second quarter and we had anticipated that in our guidance. The renewals we talked about in the back half of the year are still scheduled. And we expect them to come through as a component in the guidance that we have given for the full year.
Will Lansing: I can't speak to partnership discussions that are in the works. But, I will say that its our fervent hope that the entire industry adopts FICO scores instead of education scores because as you know FICO scores are the scores that lenders use and so many of the education scores that are being given to consumers are really not being used for credit decisioning purposes. So our goal is to see FICO scores, wherever consumers interested in and how their credit worthiness is being evaluated, we want the FICO score shared with them. And we are exploring all channels to make that happen including the most successful one so far which is Open Access.
Will Lansing: No. I didn't have the number directly in front of me. I said the SaaS revenue was growing about 5% year-over-year that's claimable revenue. In general, I would have to look at up at our SaaS revenue was roughly 20% of our overall total revenue on an annual basis.
Will Lansing: The technology that we acquired with the TONBELLER acquisition is being held in tact. We haven't done a lot of work to try to merge that with our products because it's not necessary. What we are doing is focusing on the sales and distribution piece. And what we have seen is that the way anti-money laundering products are increasingly being bought is in connection with the Chief Risk Officer with a broader view of the risk facing the financial institution. And so we are lining up our TONBELLER capabilities along with our Falcon Fraud capabilities and our Infoglide and so on to bring it to the same decision maker just really on the sales and distribution side more than on the technology integration.
Will Lansing: Good question. The interest thing that's going on with the cyber security and how we play in that market is that our – our cyber solutions, which are a directly across our Falcon Fraud capabilities addressed cyber issues in real-time, which is not typical for the industry. And are able to score degree of threaten away that's not typical for the industry, usually the alerts are binary. And so we think we have some fairly distinctive capabilities in cyber. What we do not have is a strong self and distribution built there. And so right now we are working on more of an OEM basis with some of the major players to bring our technology to market along side theirs. A decision for us remains in the future whether it makes any sense to go direct. But right now our plan is to go through partners and channels.
Will Lansing: No. It's coming in as we expected. We didn't make any kind of resource all of our guidance based upon the first three months worth of activity from Experian.
Will Lansing: Yes. It's between $0.08 and $0.09 a share and it related to the two pieces, the contract write-off and then just the cost of the acquisition at TONBELLER.
Will Lansing: Yes. We are working on a large program outside the U.S. with a customer of ours, who are consolidating a number of legacy platforms and systems into a FICO platform. And the complexity of the project is driving some cost overruns and the accounts requires us to take any loss on – any estimated loss on a program like that when we know about it and that's why we booked this quarter.
