Steve Weber: Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining today’s FICO’s third quarter earnings call. I am Steve Weber, Vice President of Investor Relations, and I am joined today by our CEO, Will Lansing and our CFO, Mike Pung. Today, we issued a press release that describes financial results compared to the prior year. On this call, management will also discuss results in comparison to the prior quarter in order to facilitate understanding of the run-rate of our business. Certain statements made in this presentation maybe characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements may involve uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning these uncertainties is contained in the company’s filings with the SEC, in particular in the risk factors and forward-looking statements portions of such filings. Copies are available from the SEC, from the FICO website or from our Investor Relations team. This call will also include statements regarding certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the company’s earnings release and Regulation G schedule issued today for a reconciliation of each of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measure. The earnings release and Regulation G schedule are available on the Investor Relations page of the company’s website at fico.com or on the SEC’s website at sec.gov. A replay of this webcast will be available through July 29, 2016. And with that, I will turn the call over to Will Lansing.
Steve Weber: Thanks Will. This concludes our prepared remarks and we are ready now to take any questions. Operator, please open the line.
Steve Weber: Okay, thank you very much. Thank you everyone for joining today’s call and for your interest in FICO. This concludes our call. Thanks.
Will Lansing: Thanks Mike. With less than one quarter to go in our fiscal year, I am pleased with our progress towards our targets for the year. More importantly, I am pleased with how the company is positioned to deliver value to our shareholders now and in the future. We laid our first strategies through our business. For our software assets, we have invested to maintain our deeply embedded market leadership and to expand our IP assets under broader markets. We are beginning to see results, but there is much more yet to come. On the scores side we are just now seeing how we can take a brand that is so strong in financial services and create substantial value among consumers. Even as we operate in markets with significant stress and turbulence, I believe we have never been better positioned to make the most of our significant opportunities. We will have much more to say next quarter as we talk about our expectations for fiscal 2016. Rest assured we will remain focused on execution. And while 2015 was the year of innovation, 2016 will be a year where we expand our distribution to leverage that innovation. And all that we do will be with an eye towards providing value to our shareholders. I will now turn the call back over to Steve for Q&A.
Will Lansing: Well, in the direct channel, we are seeing a lot of volume coming through along with some of the enhanced packaging that we put together last year. We took and added several products, including identity theft product last year and we are seeing the benefits of that increased volume against the higher price point.
Will Lansing: I would say that you are going to see a little bit of both. So what we have is a situation where over the last several years, we have invested extremely heavily in our product portfolio both through organic development and also through acquisitions. And we are now in the fortunate position having a really robust set of products and services to offer. And our distribution doesn’t match the breadth of our product portfolio. We – I suppose I am not alone as CEO of a software company who feels like you can never have enough distribution for great product. But it is really very much the case with our company that our product portfolio exceeds the coverage that we have and the ability to distribute it. So we are taking some resource from the products side and shifting it in the direction of distribution – sales and distribution. And we will also be increasing the expenses associated with sales and distribution because we think it represents a pretty big opportunity.
Will Lansing: It’s very smooth. The integration is very smooth. We have retained all the personnel. We are really thrilled with the management team there. The growth is still being driven primarily and probably will for the foreseeable future, will be driven primarily by the TONBELLER’s sales and distribution arm selling their products. But we are starting to take it out to the FICO parent side of the house.
Will Lansing: Great question, Bill. So this is a couple of quarters in a row now where bookings is underperformed at least our internal targets. And as a reminder, bookings represent net new deals that are signed, new revenue associated with it, not standard renewals. Lighter bookings tends to create a headwind because we rely on deals that we signed to generate future revenue for us. And so with a headwind in the bookings numbers that provides or creates a situation where we have to go and get more net new revenue in order to fill that – to meet our objectives and our plans. The environment that we have been operating in, both in the U.S. and at least in the third quarter EMEA, have been what’s driven to the lighter amount of bookings. In other words, we have been dealing with this challenge in North America for some time. In the last quarter, we had a very light quarter in EMEA, which is quite unusual for the team there. And so, we are actively working towards getting some deals closed that we accounted on and planned for certainly within the fiscal year and in a certain case in the third quarter. Some of the work that we are doing to refine the sales organization includes some new blood that we have brought in over the past few months, including leaders in our fraud line of business and in our marketing line of business. And we are using all those efforts to close the gap here for this fiscal year and as we look at next year’s plan.
Will Lansing: It’s good news. And we are participating, but I would also say it’s going slowly. So what we see is an increase in the number of RFPs out there. We find ourselves on the receiving end of the RFPs and we are definitely a player in the market and considered so by the people we are looking for affinity [ph] channel. I am very confident about our prospects in this space. That said, recognize that these are complex deals that take a long time to put together and they take even longer to implement. So the revenue impact of doing deals in the affinity space will be delayed, but the early signs are extremely promising.
Will Lansing: You can expect the growth to be continually strong in the fourth quarter. We are on a trajectory upward in the third quarter while the best quarter we had in a very long time, it’s not a one-off, its part of a trend and you can follow the dots. It’s a booming business and growing and the fourth quarter should be there in the third. Mortgage is not a big part of the story so I wouldn’t spend a lot of time talking about it.
Will Lansing: No, I don’t think you should – I don’t think you should think that there will be a big margin impact, because in fact, our R&D spending expense is not capitalized. So moving the dollars from the product side of the house to the sales of side of the house is not going to have a big margin impact. And these are not dramatic changes that we are talking about. These are measured changes on the margin.
