Steven P. Weber: Thank you, Amanda. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining FICO's fourth quarter earnings call. I'm Steve Weber, Vice President of Investor Relations, and I'm joined today by our CEO, Will Lansing; and our CFO, Mike Pung. Today, we issued a press release that describes our financial results compared to the prior-year. On this call, management will also discuss results in comparison to the prior quarter in order to facilitate understanding of the run rate of our business. Certain statements made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve many uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning these uncertainties is contained in the company's filings with the SEC, in particular, in the Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements portions of such filings. Copies are available from the SEC, from the FICO website, or from our Investor Relations team. This call will also include statements regarding certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the company's earnings release and the Regulation G schedule issued today for a reconciliation of each of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measure. The earnings release and Regulation G schedule are available on the Investor Relations page of the company's website at fico.com or on the SEC's website at sec.gov. A replay of this webcast will be available through November 07 of 2017. And now, I'll turn the call over to Will Lansing.
Steven P. Weber: Thanks, Will. This concludes our prepared remarks and we will now take your questions. Amanda, please open the lines.
Steven P. Weber: Okay. Thank you, Amanda. This concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. And we'll talk to you next quarter.
William J. Lansing: Thanks Mike. As I said in my opening remarks, I believe we're well positioned for success as we move into 2017 and beyond. We continue to find new ways to leverage our Scores assets and have significant opportunities to further expand usage of the industry-standard FICO Score among consumers. Our investments in software innovation, our Decision Management Suite is showing signs of market acceptance and early signs of corresponding revenue growth. And our Applications for years available is on-premise solutions had been refreshed and are expanding into new markets as cloud-based solutions. We have focused and invested in innovation. And as I've said in the past, I'm confident that we have multiple paths to growth in our future. As we signed larger deals, it's difficult to know the exact timing of the launch, but we are committed to putting resources behind the implementations to get them live and producing recurring revenue. With all this in mind, we're providing the following guidance for fiscal 2017. We are guiding revenues of approximately $925 million, an increase of about 5% versus fiscal 2016. We are guiding GAAP net income of approximately $109 million flat with 2016 due to the impact of the lower tax expense in 2016. GAAP earnings per share of approximately $3.39, net GAAP net income of $158 million and non-GAAP earnings per share of $4.92. The EPS guidance excludes the impact of ASU 2016-09 and assumes current share counts; although as Mike said, we continue to view repurchases as an attractive use of our cash. I'll now turn the call back to Steve to handle the Q&A.
William J. Lansing: Great question. It really has everything to do with the amount of investment we put against cloud infrastructure to support more and more cloud deals. So, you can see that the ramp in our cloud deals is climbing, and frankly, climbing even a little faster than we expected. And as a result, we find ourselves in a situation where we want to really get ahead of the curve in terms of having cloud infrastructure to support these new cloud customers as they come on. Frankly, it is a bottleneck and a constraint for us today. We could do more than we're doing because we have some capacity constraints. So we're making the investments to make sure that we have all the infrastructure we need to support these new deals. And the range has to do with how fast we have to do it. So, we have – what we think is a pretty realistic estimate of the investment we need to make for next year, and it could go up or down from the estimate based on really how quickly the business comes in.
William J. Lansing: Well, R&D remains roughly the same. We remain committed to refreshing and continuing to expand the innovation in our product, and so that's not going to stop. But I don't think you will see as a percentage, it's not going to grow either. And then on the sales side, we did step up in sales last year, and we did spend more there, and we wound up with more coverage than we've had in the past. I mentioned that we'd added 50 heads and not that we're going to stop. That's a work in progress, and we continue to add and lose people as is natural. But I think that in terms of where is the most investment going on a relative basis, the most investments is going into delivery and into cloud infrastructure.
William J. Lansing: Well, I would say, we're delighted with our partnership with Discover. And the fact that they're doing the promotion that they are doing ought to give you some sense for how satisfied they are with the initiative. Clearly, this notion of using FICO Scores with non-customers with potential customers' prospects, the idea of using FICO Scores to win fresh business for the banks is a big idea. And traditionally historically, we've had FICO Scores using the credit decisions on the B2B side. We have FICO Scores in the paid business as in our Experian partnership. We just started to toe in the water with the affinity business, affinity paid business. We have FICO Scores and Open Access, which is not a big revenue item, but it really cements our positioning with the consumer. And the one big gap really has been using FICO Scores with prospects. And so the idea of doing that is a big idea. Discover is first in this. They are partnering it and it's going really well.
William J. Lansing: We are talking with other banks; yes. And I think you can expect that this program will expand through 2017 and beyond. The alternative that the banks have is to get leads from other lead providers who don't use FICO Scores. And as a result, there is breakage in the model where they get into score, that turns out to not to be the score that the big bank uses for making its credit decision. So obviously, there is a big benefit to using the same score in the customer acquisition than used (25:32) for making the credit decision. It enables you to make an offer of credit with a lot more confidence. Beyond that the FICO Score has such a strong brand identity that's actually a nice – it's a nice tool for customer acquisition that brings in the traffic, brings in the volume in a way that a non-FICO Score does not. So, we anticipate tremendous interest from other banks as we go forward.
William J. Lansing: Yes, I'm happy to report that it has gone live. It's gone live smoothly. We have a happy customer and we have a lot of people who are working around the clock to make sure that it continues to run smoothly. But it is – the early returns are really excellent. We're really excited about the way it's gone. And in terms of the revenue that builds over time, most of it's transaction-based.
William J. Lansing: Yeah. We'll give you that detail in a second. I would say that the thing to keep in mind with myFICO, myFICO is doing great. So let me start with that. We're really proud of what we have there and we have it positioned as really as the premium offering in the marketplace. That said, we will never be able to put the marketing muscle behind myFICO that our partners can put behind leveraging FICO for their brands. And so, we wind up living with a certain amount of cannibalization of the myFICO business, because we work so closely with partners like Experian.
William J. Lansing: You know, I think it's all the above. It's not one single thing, but what we have is, (29:12). The product is more mature. It's very usable. The product is not a product as such, it's a set of capabilities that underlies a lot of our Applications and Solutions. And so, what we're seeing is that, it gives us the ability to get up and running faster with the customer. It used to be that to install a big application on-premise could take 14 months, could take 16 months multiyear deal, big expensive complex; and while of course, we still have some deals that are structured that way because of their complexity, being able to do things with DMS is definitely (29:55) our implementation process. Such that, we're now doing very big deals in eight months and nine months and smaller deals we can get up in two months, three months, four months. So, I would say, speed to market, speed to go live, overall cost of implementation, market acceptance, all those kinds of things are what's in play here.
William J. Lansing: Yeah. Good question. Well, if you asked the CEO of Software company, how the sales force is doing? He'll answer, they can always do better. And that's the case today too. I would say that, we're happier and happier with the performance of our sales force. The number of heads it's 50 is right in line with what we were looking for. Would I be delighted to hire another 50 or 100 or 200? I would. The challenge is that until we get them productive it winds up being a cost item. And so, we kind of – we do it on a measured basis as we bring them in. We continue to refresh the sales force. There's a lot of focus on productivity these days. And bringing people up to speed and getting them the right training. Ours is not a simple sale. This is not software that comes in a suitcase. It's a technical sale, it requires domain expertise. And so, our sales people are really, really high quality domain and technical product experts. Those people are hard to come by and when we grow them on our own, which is a very successful strategy, it takes long time. But that's working very well for us. So, the long answer to your question is, we're happy with the progress we've made. We're not satisfied that we're done. We'll continue to work at it. And I expect that the sales force will get stronger, both in terms of coverage and in terms of technical depth and quality.
William J. Lansing: The sales cycle takes the better part of half the year, almost three quarters of the year, like 270 days sales cycle. And then if you figure that it takes months, several months, three months to six months to get a salesperson sufficiently familiar with our products to be effective, we're talking about really a year – when we onboard them and turn them into highly productive salespeople. Occasionally, we do better than that when we bring in people with deep experience. As I said, a very successful strategy for us has been to grow them internally, so if we can bring in people on, we have them as business development reps or inside sales or in marketing and they learn our products and become familiar with what we have and then we move them into the field. We find that that is a really nice transition and we have them productive little quicker when we do it that way.
Michael J. Pung: Hi, Manav, it's Mike. The DMS is just purely a renaming. There's no change in any other way any of our products are being rolled up between our DMS and our Applications business. As it relates to the revenue for DMS, you are right, we were calling high single-digit. We came in low single-digit for the year and it's a combination of deals that we signed that are ratable and a combination of the timing of license – upfront license revenues. The amount of bookings, the amount of backlog continues to be really strong in the health of the business is strong as well.
Michael J. Pung: No, there's no change. We're rebranding the segment to be called Decision Management Software. The Decision Management Software includes what was previously called our Component Tools, but it also includes a lot of the products that we've been talking about that we've added to this table of products in the segment. And so, we felt it was just a better way to describe the work in process of building out the product suite into something much more broader than just a simple toolset.
Michael J. Pung: Yeah. For the quarter Bill, year-over-year, the myFICO part grew about mid single-digit and the rest of it was low single-digit growth year-over-year.
