Will Lansing: Thanks, Mike. As I said, in my opening remarks, I am proud of our team and what we were able to accomplish in fiscal 20. I am excited about our prospects are 2021 and beyond. Clearly, there is uncertainty. But we are confident that our future is bright. We can’t pin down exact expectations, but we have proven our businesses remarkably resilient. And we are well positioned for the future. We will continue to innovate fine tune and improve our business model with an eye toward improving margins and delivering on our potential. And we look forward to keep you all informed as we progress. Now, let’s turn to Q&A.
Will Lansing: Hi, Manav. I think that, I wouldn’t say things are back to normal. But I would also say that with respect to the software that banks buy from us, things didn’t change that much. Remember, we have a very long sales cycle, 270 days on average. And so a lot of what we have booked in 2020 was pipeline built even earlier. We are now in the process of building pipeline for 2021. We have some pipeline built. We have more to build. And it’s a little hard to say how it will all turn out. But I would say that our customers are they have the same needs for the software that they had before the pandemic, if anything, there is increased appetite, because the pandemic has gotten everyone focused on digital transformation. And, and our software obviously plays really well for that. So I anticipate continued interest, I don’t think we are just working off backlog.
Will Lansing: We can’t disclose the amount of the true that’s held confidential. But as you know, these things happen every several years. We wind up doing a trip of this sort. With respect to the pricing actions and scores, we took some actions, but as in years past, we don’t really know exactly how it will feather in we don’t know exactly what volumes will be. And so it’s a little hard to predict. I would say not a lot more nor a lot less than years past is probably a way to think about it. But it’s -- we have uncertainty, we always -- we wind up getting the activity and or from the Bureau’s and that’s just the way it is.
Will Lansing: Yes. Good question, Manav. We have undertaken a pretty massive strategic look at our business over the last six, seven months. We hired in a former McKinsey Director, Tab Bowers to help us. And we have been really focused on what is strategic and what is not. And so we are -- the things that look promising, but they really are not central to our mission for building a decisioning platform, are definitely being moved to the periphery and cyber risk course example, when those sold, we are proud of it. It was good technology. But our success in the decisioning platform business doesn’t turn on whether we are successful in cyber risk score. So at some level was a distraction for us. Are there other things like that we are in a state of constant evaluation, and we hope to find some things that are less strategic and free up resources for more strategic.
Will Lansing: Yes. I will give you some quantitative thoughts. And then maybe we will can provide qualitative. Big part of the reduction in expense run rate in the second half of the year with T&E. You can see from the additional slides we provide, as a part of this call that are going into the pandemic, T&E run rate was about $30 million to $35 million a year. I think it was something like $100,000 in Q4. So that’s not going to persist, but it’s probably going to be less than 30 to 35. So even if we do have a vaccine and get back to normal. So that’s one moving piece. We have also taken action to reduce our geographic footprint and to a minor extent reduce headcount in non-strategic areas that real estate saving will accrue over the years. And so that will be a one way benefit. That isn’t going to change. But with respect to some of the headcount reductions, we actually did that so that we could reinvest, if not all of that money into headcount augmentation in areas related to the software platform, to pursue our strategic ambitions there. So we expect overall expenses for the business, probably, again with the pandemic so much is uncertain. But we expect flat to single digit growth and expenses as the year goes on, maybe we will do better than that. If perversely, we can travel for the whole full year. Hopefully, we can and we have some money to spend in that category. But hopefully, that at least gives you some color.
Will Lansing: Yes. If you look at the segment breakout in the 10-K, you can figure that out, you have to do a little quarterly subtraction math, because we don’t show the quarter-over-quarter comparison in a friendly way as we might. But the licensed growth was really driven by renewals. We had a healthy new business license sale quarter as well as we would expect in the fourth quarter of particularly given some of the delayed purchases that flowed over from Q2, Q3. But if you look at our $62.5 million of licensed bookings for the quarter, which is up of that $21 million or so is renewal that renewals in excess of renewals we had in the year ago quarter. So -- and then just for better, worse, they are lumpy, we have to recognize a lot of upfront. And so, it was both increase in new business sales, which was up sort of mid to high teens from year-over-year, but most of the increase, but not always, just by this lumpiness of renewals that happened to be a whopper renewal quarter.
Will Lansing: I would say it’s more on the market side than on our side, but we are constantly innovating over there. We are constantly pushing the -- trying to push the value that the consumer gets in that offering. Our strategy around myFICO is to be kind of best-in-class credit monitoring for consumers. And at the same time, we mostly go to market through partners like Experian. And so, myFICO is at some level of laboratory for us, a place to test out ideas, to test out value proposition changes. And so, we are always doing that. That’s not like a new thing this year, we constantly do that. I think that the biggest thing responsible for the lift is consumer demand. And then the consumer is really interested in tracking his or her credit score.
Will Lansing: Yes. To the extent we are willing to share that information, it’s less to do with the type of scores and it’s more to do with the size of the customer. So we are into a more kind of a tiered pricing philosophy. And so I would say that the price increases were spread across the spread -- scores portfolio with a view to the size of the customer buying the scores.
Will Lansing: What’s interesting is, historically, we have provided for lack of a better term point solutions for our bank customers, originations and customer management and fraud and collections and recovery as you know. What we are seeing -- what we saw last year and what we are starting to see more of is more engagement with the IT department, more engaged with the CIO, and a better understanding on the part of our customers have just the benefits and value of the platform. So while they may still be buying a solution like originations, now they appreciate that it’s originations on top of the platform. And there is all kinds of potential that goes with that where for small incremental investments they get large incremental value out. I think that’s the biggest change we are seeing in the conversation is customers increasingly understanding our strategy around platform and looking to leverage it.
Will Lansing: Yes. So I guess the honest answer is our work is never done. Okay. So it’s not like we will just say, okay. Now it’s on the platform, we can all go home. It’s a process. And so we have moved some core fraud applications from Falcon onto the platform. Our compliance is now available in Falcon X on the platform. We are also looking at, I would say, more flexible and modular approaches to providing fraud solutions on the platform. So there will be some of that. Some of our applications aren’t going to make it to the platform. So, for example, collections and recovery has a massive code base, 8 million lines of code. And it just doesn’t make sense to rewrite it onto the platform. And so that will remain a distinct code base. So, when are we done? I guess another way to think of it is, when are we going to feel that the platform is sufficiently mature that customers who want to have multiple use cases on the platform have that work? I think we are almost there. Now, we are pretty much there. This Latin American bank deal that we just referenced, it started out with a conversation about a handful of use cases that they would want to do on the platform and they we are up to 19. And I think there’s more in the future. So it’s a different way of thinking about the value that we provide.
Will Lansing: Like last quarter, Experian -- Equifax and TransUnion reported before us last week and end of the prior week, and you can see how they broke out mortgage volumes. We don’t break out mortgage volumes, but we can say that what we saw was consistent with what they told The Street they saw. I think one showed up 45% in terms of volume and the other was closer to 60%, although it’s a little unclear whether that was for the quarter itself or sort of run rate including the last -- including the month of October, but our volumes were consistent with what you could see from them.
Will Lansing: No. It’s independent. It’s not related to that. What is related to is we had some deals that are really long-term deals long, much longer than typical than has been our usual. And I would say that that trend could continue. We will have to see how things play out. But I think when banks adopt our platform and standardize on the platform, it’s not surprising that they would want to lock us in for a long period of time with an understanding of what it’s going to cost. So I think there’s going to be pressure for longer-term deals on us.
Will Lansing: So part of the strategy of the platform is to is to have a lot of interoperability around the data, right? So we have a data orchestration layer. We can take data from lots of different places and bring it into the platform. And then we have a wide range of analytics that can be applied to that data. And then we have various solutions that sit on top of that platform, of that decision platform to meet specific needs. Our strategy with the platform has been to -- as we migrate our applications to the platform, the way we think about it is we say, what are the components of this solution that we ought to modularize, what are the micro services that are involved here and let’s break them up and make them available to users of the platform, so they can be mixed and matched in different ways. And so that’s really kind of the heavy lifting that’s going on. We have also put a lot of energy into a thing called FICO Studio, which is kind of a front end fourth generation language kind of a programming environment where you can drag and drop a lot of things to build workflows based on the decisioning analytics in the platform. So there’s a lot of work that’s gone into that. But the way we think about it is not let’s port an application to the platform. It’s more break up the application into its component parts, understand how they can be micro services that could be consumed in independently and then bring those to the platform so they can be reassembled on the platform for all different kinds of purposes.
Will Lansing: I am not sure that we will have a change in the rate and pace of adoption of new scores under -- based on the administration. I do think that all lenders are really focused right now on how do they get the most value out of scoring algorithms and they are increasingly using things like FICO resiliency index to complement the traditional FICO score to make these decisions. I wouldn’t say that’s driven by the administration. I think that’s more driven by the innovation coming out of our scores team. But there’s a tremendous appetite on the side of the banks to get the full benefit out of it. And so, we are pretty focused on that.
Will Lansing: I think we have definitely enjoyed a spike because of the environment. There’s no question that consumers are more focused than ever on their score and whether it’s going up or down, I get letters in the mail all the time. And that’s definitely the environment driving that. So I would say the 62% spike I referenced earlier that is -- that’s driven by the environment. In terms of the lifetime value, how long they stay on. We have not -- it’s too early to tell, but we haven’t seen changes. So what we are seeing so far is kind of the same attrition over time that we have historically had. So we will stay.
Will Lansing: What we have noticed is that there’s an inexorable trend to consumers being ever more focused on their credit score. I mean, this has been every year, year in, year out has become bigger and more important to them. And so, I am not sure that it’s like a spike up and then a ramp down. I mean, it may just be part of a trend.
