William J. Lansing: As I said in my opening remarks, I believe we have significant momentum as we move into 2018. Our FICO Score brand is stronger than ever. We have significant opportunities in both the Scores' B2C and B2B markets. On the software side, we'll continue to pursue our DMS strategy. It's the core of our R&D efforts and the core of how we're going to market. We continue to make progress, release new innovation and most importantly, book new business. We're diversifying beyond financial institutions. We're making progress in telco, auto and a number of other verticals. We're still a trusted partner to our financial services clients. But now, we also have so many opportunities in other industries. And we're continuing our cloud-first strategy. I believe 2018 will be the biggest cloud year for FICO ever. We've gone beyond making products cloud ready, we're now designing with a view of cloud-first as we're seeing more demand from both our existing and prospective customers. Our strong bookings in fiscal 2017 give us confidence that as we move into 2018, we're building predictable, reliable backlog that will deliver recurring revenue well into the future. With all this in mind, we're providing the following guidance for fiscal 2018. We're guiding revenues of approximately $990 million, an increase of about 6% versus fiscal 2017. We are guiding GAAP net income of approximately $139 million, up 9% over 2017. We expect an Excess Tax Benefit of $20 million in fiscal 2018 compared to $25 million in fiscal 2017. GAAP earnings per share of approximately $4.33, non-GAAP net income of $171 million and non-GAAP EPS of $5.32. I'll now turn the call back to Steve for Q&A.
William J. Lansing: No. It really hasn't had any impact to our business. Of course, like everyone, we do a gut check and we take a deep look at ourselves to think about whether we're vulnerable and whether we're doing everything that we can to be secure. And, frankly, it was a bit of an impetus for us to increase our budget for our own security. And we were feeling pretty good before and we thought why not feel a little bit better, and that's why we put the extra investment in.
William J. Lansing: The increase in investment that we're referencing was internal use. Now that said, we are also increasing the R&D in our cyber products because they're starting to get a little bit of traction. So, things like the Enterprise Security Score is now up and available. And, so, yeah, there's definitely investment that's going in there, also, on the distribution side for that Score.
William J. Lansing: I would say that last year, 2016, and even the beginning of 2017, as expected, the appetite for cloud was in the non-financial services verticals initially, and we expected that, and so, we were seeing appetite in telecom and in other verticals. This year, we've started to see the demand in financial services as well, which for us is a really welcome sign. We always expected this to occur, we never knew what timeframe we'd see our customers move into the cloud in, and to see it actually happening is extremely encouraging. So, I would say, now, it's across the board, it's not just the non-financial services verticals.
William J. Lansing: Well, so, we don't really give guidance on bookings. But I think if you were to extrapolate from this quarter and annualize it, you wouldn't be far off and that wouldn't be too optimistic an assumption. We really are feeling very strong about the trend in bookings. And we're at a point now where we've made some efforts to really make our sales people neutral on doing cloud deals versus upfront license deals. We really want to do what the customer wants, and so, there's no – much as we love revenue, we do not have a bias in the system towards revenue. And so, what's happening is through a combination of being even-handed in the way we incent our sales people, coupled with genuine demand from the marketplace, we're really seeing that strong cloud appetite, and we expect that to only increase. And, yes, we absolutely expect that to be reflected in bookings. And it is at the expense of upfront revenue. There's clearly a difference and I think our revenue run rate would be different and higher, if we weren't doing as much cloud business as we are, but we're quite comfortable with that.
William J. Lansing: Well, I think, if you take a step back and you look at the broad strategic direction for our business, we've gone from – we're in the midst of this transformation from a license revenue business to a cloud business. And, initially, if you go back three years, it took the form of cloud-enabling our products, making our products available in the cloud. And what that really meant was, we took our license revenue products and we installed them in our own data centers and made them available on a hosted basis to our customers, and we called that cloud and it is cloud. But that's not the SaaS business, that's not the multi-tenant, highly configurable, standardized, high returns to scale cloud business that we all love. And so, over the last couple of years and especially this year, and especially going into next year, we're making tremendous investments in, not just the infrastructure, the infrastructure is a part of it, making sure that we have the infrastructure to support it, but also the products themselves, rebuilding, retooling, reengineering the products, so that they can be more standardized and highly configurable, which we think is going to reduce the time to go live, reduce the cost of operation, shorten up implementation times and, generally, be a hit with our customers, and that's really where the investment is going. And so, we're – I won't say we're sparing no expense because we still are mindful of making our commitments, but we're very focused on positioning the software business for a future cloud business with much more standardized, highly configurable, scalable products. That's where the investment is going.
William J. Lansing: So, it's not meaningful revenue today and we have not yet announced any big partners who have gone to production with it. But this is definitely the year in which partners will go public with it. It's been in test for quite some time with good results and so, we should be in a position to announce some big partnerships shortly. It is our proprietary Score, we do it with in conjunction with Equifax and the NCTUE data and LexisNexis. And there's – it's not easily replicable by others. Now, there's a lot of efforts in the market to score the unscorable, to use alternative data to score populations that are – have hitherto been difficult to score. But this one has been in development for years and is really robust, really does the job, scores new people, is highly predictive. And from the standpoint of lenders, it's going to result in new business for lenders that they otherwise wouldn't have had. And so, it's pretty strong value proposition, we feel pretty good about it. How big will it be in 2018? I don't know that it'll be tremendously meaningful. It all depends on kind of how quickly the lenders ramp up with it.
William J. Lansing: We're just starting to see it, so we've gotten three deals. There's no question that the – the product does what it's supposed to do. And it's – I don't want to say it's totally unique in the marketplace, but it's a highly credible offering, there's no reason why we couldn't dominate that market. I do think that this is a first-mover kind of a situation, I think it's important for us to invest in that right now to kind of build a franchise. And it will be a scramble over the next 24 months to distinguish our Score from some of the competitors out there. I think, from a predictive standpoint, we have a product that really works and we understand scores and how to make sure the score means something, and we have the brand trust. We have to work on the sales and the distribution to make sure that it gets out there ahead of some of the competition. Again, we're nearly $1 billion revenue business, and so it's not going to be a tremendously meaningful event in 2018. But does it have long-term potential as a very strong franchise? It does.
William J. Lansing: We saw a little bit in myFICO. The activity in myFICO was a little bit up. But, as you know, that's a very small part of our business, so it doesn't have a meaningful impact.
Michael J. Pung: Yeah. I'll be happy to, Manav. This is Mike. Good afternoon. We're building our $990 million, I would say, as follows; in our software businesses, we're building an assumption in for Applications of roughly mid-single-digit growing, something very comparable to what we did this year. We're building our guidance around our DMS business in the double-digit range, slightly ahead of what we did this year. And our total Scores business, we have built into roughly mid-single-digit range with relatively flat on the B2B side and high-single-digit growth on the B2C side.
Michael J. Pung: No, this is the legacy business that we've had. There was very little from the lead-gen, it's starting to kick up, but, frankly, very immaterial at this point. The timing of how quickly the lead-gen business ramps up is still uncertain for us, and it's tied to the marketing efforts at Experian. And so, we've taken a pretty cautious approach to how we build that into these numbers that I'm providing. And so, what you're looking at is the run rate with some of the deals that we described with respect to Affinity and several others beginning to go online.
Michael J. Pung: No, I would say what we're seeing certainly in the fourth quarter and what we see in the pipeline for next year is a pretty significant amount of cloud deals. In fact, in the fourth quarter, we had $146 million of bookings, and not quite, but almost half of that were cloud deals and in that, $60 million to $70 million of cloud bookings in our quarter four are going to be implemented throughout the earlier and the middle part of 2018. And that requires people, it requires costs and revenue, obviously, follows that thereafter. So, I would say the mix, because of our fourth quarter bookings, is probably a factor in our margin, certainly, in the first part of next year. And, in addition, as Will mentioned, we've put some extra money aside probably above and beyond what we had done in the past for security and infrastructure in order to build the walls further in terms of our data security and protection.
Michael J. Pung: Sure, Bill. This is Mike. That's a good question. There is close to 100 basis points of margin incremental expense going into the company that relates to the IT security that we described earlier. So, absent that additional investment above and beyond what we've been doing, call it, 50 basis points to 100 basis points higher in terms of the margin, in terms of the guidelines that we gave you. The bigger driver though, frankly, and the reason why there's such a large range, 26.5% to 28.5%, is really the same reason that we had in fiscal 2017 which is, if our mix of business continues to be very heavily kind of oriented or dominated by cloud business, it takes money to put that business in place and get it up and running before the revenue begins to flow. And despite the fact that we had such a large booking year in cloud, probably bigger than we expected, we still kind of landed in the middle of the guidance we gave in 2017, we guided 26% to 28% and we delivered just over 27%. So, it's really the same reasons that are driving the larger size of the range. And then on the margin, there's maybe 50 basis points here and there for some things that are just prudent considering what's happening in the environment around us.
Michael J. Pung: Yeah, I'd be happy to. So, in our notes – these are tied up in our insurance notes. We have about $240-ish million in insurance notes that are sitting on the balance sheet right now. About $130 million of that matures in May and that has over 7% coupon on it. And so, we're going to off board that 7% coupon in May. And it'll get replaced by either our revolver, which is in the 2% to 2.5% rate, or it will end up in some other form of refinancing which is quite possible by the time May comes. The next year after that, we have $28 million due, and the rates are somewhere in the 6% to 6.5% range, I don't remember the exact number. And then, the final coupon of $85 million is due in 2020. That one still has a relatively large May call on it. And so, we're just going to let that one probably sit where it is rather than incur the penalty on the May call. But it's only $85 million out of $600 million. So, we're going to take care a big chunk of this, I think, in May. And we're in the process of thinking through and looking at the best foot forward on that. We ought to see a little bit of improvement on our interest rate as a result.
Michael J. Pung: Yeah. So, it's moving along actually quite well. It isn't really tipping the needle in terms of the big picture, but it's helping push that B2B growth to the levels that it has been. We're not quite generating seven figures yet, but next year, we should be well over seven-figures revenue at least if the momentum that we see right now continues through the year. So, we might have a couple of million dollar product in China under current rate and pace. And we're working hard to see if we can improve on that, but it's moving along actually quite well in a country where things don't move very fast.
William A. Warmington: Got it. Okay. And then, on the Enterprise Security Score, last quarter, you talked about having your first large seven-figure deal for that healthcare IT reseller. It doesn't seem like that's much revenue for you now. How has demand been for that product? It would seem post-Equifax breach that that would be a source of – a product with a lot of demand, but I just wanted to see if you're actually seeing that.
William A. Warmington: Good point. I wanted to go back to the margin guidance that you guys have. You've given color on some of the different drivers on the expense side that are causing the margins to be down on a year-over-year basis and I thought it'd be helpful if maybe you could give some additional quantification of that, meaning you could talk about how 100 basis points is coming from X, 150 basis points is coming from this, if you could give that kind of insight.
William A. Warmington: Got it. So, final question, just wanted to ask about, essentially, the Chinese FICO Score, you guys had – you made some progress in terms of helping to develop a Score in China and then also helping to develop a Score for the unbanked population in China, just see if we could get an update on that.
