Will Lansing: Thanks Steve, and thank you, everyone, for joining us for our second quarter earnings call. We're now halfway through our fiscal year, and I'm happy to report that we're driving growth in each of our three segments. In our second quarter, we reported revenues of 228 million, an increase of 10% over the same period last year. We delivered 25 million of GAAP net income and GAAP earnings of $0.78 per share. We delivered 34 million of non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP EPS of $1.05. And again this quarter, we're delivering balanced growth throughout our business. Our Scores segment was up 7% over the same period last year. Our Applications segment was up 10%, and our Decision Management Software was up 21%. In Applications, revenues were up 10% over the prior year. This is particularly notable as this segment includes many of our more mature products, but we're continuing to drive growth with our Fraud Solutions. And the investments we've made to cloud-enable our other products, like Originations Solutions, have opened new markets, leading to growth. We've also been able to drive growth from acquisitions like Adeptra and TONBELLER. These products are growing 16% and 32%, respectively, year-to-date. In our Decision Management Software, the investments we've made continue to pay dividends. Revenues were up 21% versus the prior year, with particularly good results in our Blaze Advisor and Decision Optimizer products. Bookings this quarter were up 67% over last year. We have a strong pipeline of opportunities in this space and are excited about growth prospects. In the Scores business, it was another quarter of good growth, and we also had some important developments. Revenues were up 7% versus the prior year, with B2C revenues up 16%. As we've been saying, we have a lot going on in this space and we expect revenue growth, particularly on the consumer side, to continue to accelerate as a number of initiatives go live later this year. The expanded agreement announced last quarter with Experian is still in early stages, and we expect to begin seeing its impact as the program rolls out. We also signed some new consumer agreements in second quarter, including an affinity deal for a major card issuer. While these deals will take time to go live and will have little impact on fiscal '17, they will be contributors to fiscal '18 growth, and we are doing exciting things to promote financial inclusion throughout the world. We're working on initiatives in places like China, Peru, India, the Philippines and Russia to help 850 million consumers who are currently credit invisible. These efforts parallel what we're doing in the U.S., leveraging new alternative data sources to help unbanked consumers find a path to access credit. These initiatives will not have an immediate impact on Scores revenue, but they're important in solidifying the brand globally and then laying the groundwork for possible future growth. On the B2B side, we continue to see positive signs. Year-to-date revenues are up 5% from the previous year, and the current economic conditions bode well for moderate sustained growth. And we remain focused on driving shareholder value. We've repurchased nearly 75 million in shares halfway through our fiscal year. And we actively manage our business to efficiently allocate resources, expand margins and continue to accelerate free cash flows. I'll share some summary thoughts later, but now I'd like to turn the call back over to Mike for further financial details.
Will Lansing: Thanks, Mike. Halfway through our fiscal year, I'm very pleased with our progress. We have a very strong team in place, which is solidly executing on our strategy. We're driving sustainable balance growth throughout our portfolio and building a backlog of recurring transactional revenue. And we're seeing evidence that there's demand for the new products we've been investing in. At the same time, we're focused on expense management and margin expansion as we continue to deliver increasingly strong cash flows. I'll now turn the call back to Steve for Q&A.
Will Lansing: So on the telco deal, it's going smoothly, and we're really happy with the progress to date. And DMS pipeline continues to improve every day, a little bit stronger than the day before.
Will Lansing: There's definitely investments still left to go. I think that what we're seeing is that the market appetite in and outside of the financial services sector for cloud offerings is increasing, and it's increasing very rapidly. So I would say that we're happy that we've invested as much as we have to date in terms of getting our products cloud ready and hardening our cloud infrastructure, but we're not finished. And if anything, I think we're accelerating our plans in terms of being cloud-ready for whatever the market demands. So we're not at a point where those investments are tapering off and you can expect margin expansion, at least not yet.
Will Lansing: In terms of revenue dollars and material contribution to FICO's revenue and profit profile, it's definitely early. In terms of opportunity, it's quite interesting. We have couple of things to work with. One is the IP surrounding what we bring to the cybersecurity game. And the second is our brand for Scores. I mean, FICO as a brand stands for respected, trusted, neutral, science-based evaluation of risk. And applied to the enterprise equity space, we had a great opportunity. That market is still wide open. As you know, we made an acquisition in that space recently, and we're pleased with it so far. We're doing additional development and efforts around it right now. But in terms of accounting to dollars, it's very early.
Will Lansing: This is more the former than the latter. I hesitate to call it the traditional Affinity business. But it's the Affinity business that we originally envisioned where through major partner players, we bring the FICO scores part of monthly monitoring by subscription kind of an offering out to the market. And so it has been a long time in coming, but there's a major player and we're quite excited about the prospects.
Will Lansing: You -- well, it's a combination of us and others. But you will certainly see our brand there in a very prominent way.
Will Lansing: I would say, stable to up. I think that what you're seeing is absolutely right, which is there's a lot of activity in the marketplace. And I think that increasingly issuers are recognizing that the FICO brand and FICO Credit Score and the things wrapped around it are a differentiator and are valued by the market. So we're more involved than ever in efforts to win new customers and to retain old ones.
Will Lansing: So there are few things going on in our DMS business. One is, when we talked about DMS-dedicated sales, it really takes kind of two forms. One is, most of our sales force is organized around reaching business leaders, Credit Risk Officers, Business Unit Heads. Basically, the business owner. And the idea with some of the dedicated DMS sales was that we would also go after the IT shop and after the CIO, kind of demonstrating the value and extensibility of the DMS platform. As this thing has evolved, we've decided -- we continue to obviously serve the CIO and the IT side, but we've decided to broaden the DMS effort so that it's not just the people focus and specialize on DMS, but our generalized sales force is increasingly becoming equipped to explain the value -- the DMS value proposition to customers and obviously they can bring in specialized sales people, presales people as needed. But our ability to take DMS to market, we're now in an effort to broaden it and have it go to our broader sales force and not just specialized DMS sales people.
Will Lansing: I think you have to think of it as unchanged. We are adding heads as fast as we can to get the qualified people that we can. But we're not -- I don't feel like we're at a tremendous deficit. I think we're in a constant mode of renewal, we're adding new people and cutting lower performers. And I think you'll see gradual, very gradual incremental increase over time. But we don't feel like we're at a big deficit and we're not in a giant growth push on headcount.
Will Lansing: I think it is repeatable. The time line for that is uncertain. So there's -- obviously, the experience we're having with that large one is letting us kind of harden the product and understand scalability challenges and so on. The appetite in the marketplace is there, and so we work on it and it's anybody's guess as to when we'll see more in that vertical. But I think it is likely in our future.
Mike Pung: Yes, Brett, in our Applications business, we had strong bookings, really, across the board. I wouldn't say there was any one particular product line that stood out over any others. We typically see larger bookings numbers in areas like fraud banking, which is where we have Falcon, and in our Originations business, where we are seeing a lot of demand for the new Originations manager product we've released.
Mike Pung: Sure, Manav. So on the B2B side, we did report 2% growth. You got to realize, last year, we had a true-up of an underpaid royalty that affected last year's number. So if I would pull that out and set it off to the side on an apples-and-apples basis, without that number, the growth rate on the B2B side was between 8% and 9%. In terms of B2C, we had a very strong quarter, 16% growth. Much of it coming through our indirect partner channel. If I look back and take a quick look at our myFICO business, it grew mid-single digits, with the rest of it coming through new products that are starting to go online in our relationship with Experian.
Mike Pung: No, the rollout of the lead gen side is just getting underway. The deal was announced on our last call at the end of January, and so very little impact has been reflected in our numbers so far for that, which means the rest of it by default would come from the legacy agreement we had with them on the consumer side.
Mike Pung: Yes, Bill, I think the dynamic you're seeing is there was a step function in investment, mainly in sales and distribution that happened last year in our third quarter. That's when we really begin to step up the additional sales heads that we were adding. And, obviously, those sales heads weren't there in our second quarter last year, and you'll see them in our SG&A numbers in this year's second quarter. On top of that or beside that, but to a lesser degree, we put some money into our operations team that we had budgeted and planned for and spoke about at the beginning of the year. So the run rate, if you go back and look from probably quarter three last year, has been pretty stable in terms of expense. The step-up function happened between quarter two and three last year.
Mike Pung: Yes, the big source of cash this quarter is our DSO. A drop from what's kind of traditionally been 65 days down to somewhere around 56 or 57 days. And those eight or nine days, if you think about it, one day in a DSO is $2.5 million. And if you have pickup eight or nine days, that's $20-plus million of cash flow. We just had very strong collections across virtually every part of the world we operate in, and that spiked the number quite a bit.
Mike Pung: Yes, Adam. So it is a combination. We we've had some very nice wins in our Fraud business, especially in Latin America, over the last couple of quarters. We had a large renewal this quarter in Fraud, which helped the Applications business as well. And we're also seeing a host of new customers that bought Origination Manager from us in the cloud, starting to go online and we're starting to see the revenue flowing through from that. Those are two probably the strongest areas. And beyond that, on the upside, our CCS business, which is the old Adeptra business we acquired a few years back. We're starting to see more and more customers come online on that across the world as well, with particular strength in Asia and North America. So it's a mixed group, but it's across a couple of pretty important product lines for us.
Mike Pung: Yes. This quarter, we had a couple of strong license deals that were outside of financial services that drove a nice increase in revenue. And then we had kind of the typical deals, especially on the optimization side. One of the real successes so far for us internally here is our optimization practice. We signed an incredibly large mortgage optimization deal this quarter. It's not upfront license, but it's a lot of services and some ongoing licenses. We signed that one down in Asia-Pacific. And we've also, over the course of the year, signed several credit line optimization deals, which are just very nice big and important deals for the banks and nice margin deals for the company. So those have been kind of highlight areas, as I would call them.
Mike Pung: Quarter 2 on the B2C side is always a little bit higher than others. It's seasonally high. Not materially, but seasonally high. And I would say, we're starting to see some of the deals we signed earlier ongoing online a little bit heavier, and that's why there was a nice quarter-over-quarter step-up. We would expect the numbers to continue to grow but maybe not on the same step function we saw quarter 1 to quarter 2, but we still see the back half of the year being stronger than the front half of the year.
Mike Pung: Yes, the -- year-to-date, our TONBELLER product is up about 30%. Remember, this was about a $20 million product line, overall. So it's a high percentage on a lower dollar amount. The TONBELLER team are continuing to sell a lot of, I'll call them, legacy deals that they were selling prior to the acquisition. Since the acquisition, we've signed a couple of very large deals that were probably out of the reach of them as a standalone company, and we're working on several others. The deals are more ratable revenue-oriented. They're not big upfront license sales like you typically see in some of our other lines of business. And so we're just kind of grinding away and trying to build a bigger book of business with the AML software we bought. And so far, we're happy with where we're headed.
