Mark Greene: I guess I wouldn't characterize that level in either the way that you post. I think we learned during the downturn as to many of our customers become ever more productive and efficient and we saw an opportunity to do that one more time, largely by flattening some of the organizational structure that we had. We're pretty lean and efficient these days. I don't think we've cut too deeply. But I also would say that there's probably not an additional restructuring that we can contemplate doing. I think we've gotten down to the level of efficiency that feels right for this time, and we know how to run the business at this level.
Mark Greene: Good question. First, I would point out the language used in reiterating our revenue guidance that, there's increasing comfort about achieving the high end of that range, right. So that's -- which rose this quarter. In terms of the leading indicators, there's two subs to them. We do, in fact, like what we see in terms of the pipeline for Applications and Tools. Those numbers are growing, and they look quite healthy in the back of the year. With respect to Scores, we are happy with the amount of marketing and originations activity taking place at the front end of that life cycle, but there is some concern in the marketplace about the rate on which those marketing solicitations get converted into new business. I don't think that's a phenomenon unique to us. But as we check with a number of players in the industry, not all of the market solicitations are converting to new business at the rate that they used to prior to the recession.
Mark Greene: I can't be overly specific. It is true that we are looking these days and I'll remind you of previous, say, the philosophy, which is we look for niche capabilities to supplement our existing portfolio. So we're not looking to buy new customers or new revenue sources. We're looking to buy technologies that would be more cheaply acquired and built, and we can see places in our product portfolio where such investments might strengthen our Applications portfolio. So we're looking, and we're sending a message that says we're active in the space but nothing further to announce.
Mark Greene: So Mike, I think you understood we really only saw about a half quarters worth the benefit of those restructurings in last quarter. And the reason why Mike comments said that we expect OpEx to climb down this quarter is that we got the full quarter's worth of benefit.
Mark Greene: No. The upgrades from prior generations to new generations this quarter is coming at no incremental revenue to us. What they do, do is secure that base, if you will, for many years to come. So Scores are typically used for 5, 7, 10 years time, getting an entire industry sectors such as auto on to our newest version. So it locks in and secures that revenue stream. But it's not an incremental lift beyond the revenue stream that was there before.
Mark Greene: Well, the conversion of that particular industry is the recurring in a small number of months, and that has a 3 or 4 months in part because they're such interconnecting that's across the auto players that they sort of move as a group, and we've been working very actively with them to support them in that sort of bulk transition. But as indicated, auto players and many other industry sectors once they settle on a score that works with them typically used it for a minimum of 5 years. It's uncommon to see swap out of scores generations within less than 5 years.
Mark Greene: With respect to the Tools business, the primary competitor there remains when we talked about in the past, IBM, with their high-reward product. I guess, I have growing confidence in what I stated before that the market supports two players in that race and there's ample evidence to believe that we and they can both succeed and we like where we're going with the Blaze product and we tend to compete with slightly different opportunities and IBM does. We walk through things that are tend to be more industry dense and they tend to have more sort of generic solutions but there's room for both of us. You should also note that in the quarter we did have one large optimization deal that helped the numbers and that is our so-called express optimization product that plays nicely with Blaze.  With respect to Scores and VantageScore, we continue to believe that our product and technology is superior to theirs. We do know that there's a lot of marketing activity underway on their part. We continue to be of the view that before that, while customers are benchmarking and evaluating lots of alternatives, and we see some pricing pressure, et cetera, I'm not aware that we've lost customers to VantageScore.
Mark Greene: There's no difference, there's no change, Michael, in the model for selling scores. The small incidental license, transactions are transactions that we've done outside the U.S. but in a very minor way.
Michael Pung: Yes, Mike. This is Mike Pung here. We expect that scores to be relatively flat or up slightly. If you exclude the true up that we had last year in the third quarter.
Michael Pung: Yes. We're maintaining the same guidance that I gave you last quarter. For the annual free cash flow to be somewhere between $90 million and $95 million. As you know, it can fluctuate a little higher, a little lower depending on the timing of payments, primarily on the receivables side. But we feel pretty good about the $90 million to $95 million level.
Michael Pung: No, we could be $11.5 million this quarter and to the degree there any adjustments going forward, I would expect them to be simply true ups of minor items related to our facilities.
Michael Pung: No, all we were doing is changes in some banking relationships and some banking structures but nothing more than that.
Michael Nemeroff: And then one last one, if I may, to Mark. Mark, I think you guys mentioned in your remarks you talked about maybe putting some capital to use for acquisitions. I don't think I've heard that commentary in several quarters and I was just wondering if there are any specific areas that maybe you think that you could share with us where you'd like to target.
Michael Nemeroff: Okay. And then just one last one if I may. For Mike, so the restructurings were down, I mean, we're not going to see anymore restructurings going forward related to the most recent announcements.
Michael Nemeroff: Just a question, if I may, on the competition, specifically around the Tools division. Is there anything that's happening, obviously, it was a good quarter. So I was just trying to see if there's any change in the competition and who you're seeing? And then also in scoring, do you still, are you seeing or hearing any of the banks that you're working with talking about VantageScore using it in production because it's something that a lot of investors asked us, I believe.
Michael Nemeroff: Thanks, Mark. And then just in the Scoring business itself, you'd just give us the Scoring revenue but we've got that breakdown of the transaction and maintenance, professional services and license. What is the license and that actually had step function up in terms of that revenue, it's small obviously. But I just want to understand are you selling it as an all-you-can-eat license or if you could just maybe go into detail about that.
