Steve Weber: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining FICO’s third quarter earnings call. I’m Steve Weber, Vice President of Investor Relations, and I’m joined today by our CEO, Will Lansing; and our CFO, Mike McLaughlin. Today, we issued a press release that describes financial results compared to the prior year. On this call, management will also discuss results in comparison to prior quarter in order to facilitate understanding of the run rate of our business. Certain statements made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve many uncertainties, including the impact of COVID-19 on macroeconomic conditions and the company’s business, operations and personnel, that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning these uncertainties is contained in the company’s filings with the SEC, in particular, in the risk factors and forward-looking statements portions of such filings. Copies are available from the SEC, from the FICO website or from our Investor Relations team. This call will also include statements regarding certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the company’s earnings release and Regulation G schedule issued today for a reconciliation of each of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measure. The earnings release and Regulation G schedule are available on the Investor Relations page of the company’s website at fico.com or on the SEC’s website at sec.gov. A replay of this webcast will be available through August 3, 2023. And now, I’ll turn the call over to Will Lansing.
Steve Weber: Thanks, Will. This concludes our prepared remarks, and we’re now ready to take any questions you may have. Operator, please open the line.
Steve Weber: Thank you, and thank you to everyone for joining. We look forward to speaking with you again soon. This concludes today’s call. Thank you.
Will Lansing: Thanks, Steve, and thank you, everyone, for joining us for our third quarter earnings call. We posted some slides with our results on the Investor Relations section of our website. I’ll be referencing some of those slides during our presentation today. I’ll go over the results of our third fiscal quarter and discuss what we’re seeing in the markets we serve. We again delivered very strong results in a noncertain marketplace, which demonstrates the resiliency of our business model and the value proposition we deliver. As you can see on Page 2 of the presentation, we reported revenues of $349 million, an increase of 3% over the same period last year or 7% when adjusted for last year’s sale of our collections and recovery products. We delivered $93 million of GAAP net income and GAAP earnings of $3.61 per share, up 21% and 36%, respectively, when adjusted for last year’s gain on sale. On a non-GAAP basis, net income was $116 million, up 17%, and earnings per share of $4.47 was up 32% from last year. Our Scores business continues to perform well despite headwinds in the mortgage market. Scores were up 4% in the quarter versus the prior year, as you can see on Page 6 of the presentation. On the B2B side, revenues were up 3%. Mortgage continues to be the headwind as originations have declined as interest rates rise. Mortgage originations revenues were down 25% versus last year. Mortgage origination revenues now account for about 12% of our Scores revenues and 6% of our total company revenues. Excluding mortgage, total B2B revenues were up about 12% versus last year. Auto origination revenues were up 12%, and credit card and personal loan originations revenues were up 37%. We also had double-digit year-over-year increases in our prescreen scores. On the B2C side, revenues were up 7% from the previous year. The slowdown in growth came primarily in our direct myFICO.com channel, where we are seeing fewer new customers coming online. Our partner channel, which includes paid and freemium components, continues to drive double-digit growth. In our Software segment, we delivered $170 million of revenue, up 2% from last year and 11% after adjusting for the divestiture. As you know, over several quarters, we’ve talked about the demand for our platform and how we see substantial growth opportunities. As shown on Page 7, total ARR was up 9%, and the Platform ARR again grew at a remarkable 60%. Our net retention rate is also very strong as our existing customers continued to expand their usage. Total NRR for the quarter, shown on Page 8, was 108%. Platform NRR was 135%. We also had a very good quarter with new sales. Our ACV bookings, as shown on Page 9, was up 64% over last year. We’re extremely excited about the continued growth potential for our FICO platform, and that excitement was shared by our customers at our recent FICO World Conference. The 3-day event hosted in May was an opportunity to finally connect face-to-face with our clients, partners, industry experts and colleagues to reinforce FICO’s vision and commitment to client success. We hosted 750 FICO clients from leading banks, financial services firms, auto finance companies, insurance providers and telcos. The event in Orlando included 90 breakout sessions as well as hundreds of individual strategic consulting engagements, all designed to help our customers identify how FICO can enable them to accelerate and achieve their goals with the FICO platform. It was also a great opportunity here from FICO customers, with nearly 70 clients presenting during breakout sessions, sharing the success stories and lessons learned. FICO World ‘22 was an essential moment where we had the opportunity to explain and demonstrate our platform strategy directly to our most strategic clients. Clients rated this FICO World the best FICO World of all past events, and we’ve already seen a surge in registrations for the next FICO World, to be held May 13 through 16 in Hollywood, Florida. I’ll have some final comments in a few minutes. But first, let me turn the call back over to Mike for financial details.
Will Lansing: Thanks, Mike. As I said in my opening remarks, I’m pleased with our ability to continue to deliver strong results and how we can meet our customer needs while working in the best interest of our shareholders. We continue to deliver mission-critical software and analytics to customers. As the financial services industry continues to navigate the impacts of economic volatility, the need for precision through advanced analytics has never been more important. Lenders are seeking more ways to assess risk and opportunity in real-time to inform decision-making. And we have the technology and expertise to deliver best-in-class solutions. Our Scores business continues to provide lenders with time-tested analytics that help manage risk throughout the consumer lending market. And the use of those scores throughout the many different lending markets means we’re not highly leveraged to specific types of lending more customers. On the Software side, we continue to drive remarkable Platform ARR and NRR growth, demonstrating a strong market appreciation and appetite for our latest decisioning technology. Finally, as you know, it’s our practice to provide only annual guidance, so it’s not our policy to raise guidance in our fourth quarter. I’m pleased to say we are reiterating the full year guidance that we raised last quarter. We remain confident that we are well positioned to meet or beat the numbers we have presented and look forward to discussing our fiscal ‘23 expectations when we release our results next quarter. I’ll turn the call back to Steve for Q&A.
Will Lansing: Well, those -- I mean, pricing is really a discussion for next year. I mean the pricing is baked in for this year. And those really are the puts and takes. I mean we’ve got mortgage headwind, and everything else is pretty strong.
Will Lansing: No, no. We really have not. I would say that the IT spending in the financial services industry seems to be on track and hasn’t moved a whole lot. Sales cycles have not gotten any longer. They’re the same, which is not to say they’re short, but they’re what they have always been. And so I would say no change.
Will Lansing: It’s a couple of things. We’re going back to a little bit more of the pre-COVID travel expense that has started -- is just starting to kick in again. And I would say that we are hiring. Attrition is more or less where it’s always been, but I think it’s taking us a little longer to backfill than in years past. It’s a tight market out there.
Will Lansing: No, it’s really the net new additions. I mean it has to do with the fact that we see spike in that business when people are out mortgage shopping. And so as mortgage volumes fall off, consumers subscribe to that in smaller numbers.
Will Lansing: We don’t have a forced mix. We aggressively go after as much new Platform business and expansion Platform business as we can get. So that is a strategic priority for us. At the same time, we have so many customers who are involved with our legacy solutions and rely on us for that and renew those deals, that we continue to invest in features and functionality there. And I think, from our perspective, as long as that’s neutral to growing very modestly, we’re thrilled. And even if we were shrinking a little bit, it probably wouldn’t bother us very much. But we’re pretty happy with the mix the way it is, with dramatic growth on the Platform side and kind of flat growth on the legacy side.
Will Lansing: Yes, that’s exactly right. So FICO World is several days of our showcasing our wares. But really, the heavy relationship building occurs in these consultation sessions where we sit down with clients individually and really were true, what we can do for them. And the pipeline that comes out of FICO World is phenomenal.
Mike McLaughlin: So ACV bookings, as you know, is a new metric reported externally. We’ve been tracking it internally longer than that, of course. And we set high goals for ourselves for this year in terms of new sales, and we’re on track to hit those. There isn’t a material amount of pull-forward or any that I can put my finger on that’s happened this quarter or quarters before. ACV bookings is a pretty good metric because it doesn’t have the revenue acceleration dynamics or distortions that you see with other metrics. And we do expect Q4 to be good in terms of ACV bookings as it usually is.
Mike McLaughlin: Yes. I think it was my prediction, as you correctly point out, last quarter that we may have reached the bottom. I think that’s demonstrated early, so we have 1 quarter’s data point that, that is the case. When we shifted our strategic focus away from lower-margin professional services to focus more of our go-to-market energies on annual recurring software, we saw significant decline in the bookings of new professional services once we made that decision. It takes a while for those bookings to work their way through revenues because we, in any given quarter, have 3 or 4 quarters of backlog of professional services that we continue to work our way through. So we -- you can’t see it from the outside, but we saw our professional services new bookings go down pretty rapidly when we made the policy change. That decline in bookings stabilized about 4 -- 3 to 4 quarters ago, so the bookings are no longer declining. And it took a few quarters for the PS revenues to catch up and hit this, as you say, the new normal. So this kind of $25 million a quarter is probably a pretty good expectation in the near term.
Mike McLaughlin: Price played a part. I think that if you look at the externally available numbers for performance in those 3 categories, that our volume realizations were similar to what you would think they would be if you looked at things like J.D. Power or the NBA or the results of the bureaus that reported in the last week or 1.5 weeks. I would say, as we said last quarter, that the mortgage decline in terms of units has been pretty consistent with what we expected it would be for the year when we set guidance and then revised it. Last quarter, autos have been a little worse than we expected, but our revised guidance bakes in that change. And then credit card and others is -- those volumes are doing really nicely as we expected. So we’re tracking the market pretty closely as best we can tell in terms of volumes.
Mike McLaughlin: Yes, Jeff, there really isn’t a timing difference with one caveat. The last month of the quarter, the data that we get from the bureaus, by the time we need to finalize it for closing the books, is tentative and subject to revision, I guess, I would say. And so we have to make some estimates and accruals based on judgment and lots of past experience as to what that will be. So occasionally, there will be a little bit of a true-up when we get the final data in there, but it’s not material and it’s not an explanation to the dynamic that you see in the data you just cited there. It’s real-time for June and with, as I say, with that asterisk.
Mike McLaughlin: It’s more or less flat on a quarter-to-quarter basis, which means it’s still growing on a year-over-year basis. But if you look at the last couple of quarters, as Will mentioned, we’re seeing a lot less net new, probably because less people are shopping for mortgages. And that leads us to be cautious about the next couple of quarters at myFICO.
Mike McLaughlin: Well, it’s slowed by a relatively small amount, and I would attribute that to normal quarter-to-quarter variability. And if you look at the 8-plus quarters that we revealed for that metric when we introduced it in November, you can see that, that kind of quarter-to-quarter variation is commonplace. So it’s not a reflection of anything fundamental, I wouldn’t say.
