Steve Weber: Thank you. Good afternoon. And thank you for joining FICO’s second quarter earnings call. I am Steve Weber, Vice President of Investor Relations, and I am joined today by our CEO, Will Lansing; and our CFO, Mike McLaughlin. Today, we issued a press release that describes financial results compared to the prior year. On this call, management will also discuss results in comparison to the prior quarter in order to facilitate understanding of the run rate of our business. Certain statements made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve many uncertainties, including the impact of COVID-19 on macroeconomic conditions and the company’s business, operations and personnel that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning these uncertainties is contained in the company’s filings with the SEC, in particular in the risk factors and forward-looking statements portions of such filings. Copies are available from the SEC, from the FICO website or from our Investor Relations team. This call will also include statements regarding certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the company’s earnings release and Regulation G schedule issued today for a reconciliation of each of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measure. The earnings release and Regulation G schedule are available on the Investor Relations page of the company’s website at fico.com or on the SEC’s website at sec.gov. A replay of this webcast will be available through May 5, 2022. And now, I will turn the call over to Will Lansing.
Steve Weber: Thanks, Will. This concludes our prepared remarks and we are now ready to take your questions. Operator, please open the lines.
Steve Weber: Thank you. Thank you everyone for joining today's call. Have a good day. We look forward to speaking to you again soon. Thank you.
Will Lansing: Thank you Mike. As I said in my opening remarks, we remain focused on our strategy and committed to taking our decision management platform to growing number of interested customers. At the same time, we are innovating and providing a cornerstone value in Scores in both B2B and B2C. Finally, as you know, we haven't provided guidance for this fiscal year, we still see a lot of volatility, as we see the global economy begin to open back up. We have tremendous confidence in our business model that are far more focused on providing long term value than hitting specific numbers for the next few quarters. It's those values that drive us to favor ratable subscription revenue over upfront license revenue. So for now, we're not providing any formal guidance until we see how the credit markets stabilize and we understand the full year impact of our recognition of license revenues. Now, I'll turn the call back to Steve, so that we can do some Q&A.
Will Lansing: I would say that this is pretty much the end of the reprioritization of our resources. So we don't see any significant divestitures in our immediate future.
Will Lansing: I'd say that the potential in the future is about the same as the potential in the past, it's always been there. And we've always had trouble finding anything that we find as attractive as investing in ourselves. Our current plan is to deploy all of the proceeds from this transaction in stock repurchase.
Will Lansing: I'd say that South America is strong. But we're seeing signs of the economy waking up kind of across the board. Mike, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
Will Lansing: I'd say, it's more on the volume than on the pricing, although the pricing is trying to feather in as card and some of the places where we put price increases in last year start to pick up in volume. So its both. But I tip to volume. And then, I think the real strength, mortgage continues to be strong and the real strength I think is B2C is just remarkable.
Will Lansing: No. I would I would put it in two categories, because the strongest part of it was myFICO. And I'd say it's attributable to very strong execution. There's some seasonality, of course, but I attribute some of the strength to very strong execution. And to consumer and consumers increasingly interested.
Will Lansing: Well, I think you shouldn't think in terms of fully in except that the volumes that they were applied -- the kinds of scores they were applied to had lower volumes. And so as those volumes returned, you'll see a little more impact. But at this point volume going forward.
Will Lansing: I really can't. I will say, that we have seen sequential increases in cards, which you can also see from the results this quarter of the card issuers and the bureaus. So we're seeing the same trends they see, and overall across our categories. So whether its cards, autos or mortgage volume trends that we've seen are not inconsistent with what you can see from or some others who are in those businesses.
Will Lansing: No. You're absolutely right that our customers -- we have many customers who are customers of the collections and recovery product line as well as many other solutions that we provide. And we've always believed that, the broader suite of capabilities has high utility for our customers. This is really -- and our customers won't suffer from this. So our customers are going to wind up with continued tremendous support and innovation and investment in this product line from Jonas. And we have a close relationship with Jonas. We'll be doing coverage together. And so, I don't worry very much about whether our customers to well taken care of, because I'm confident that they will be well taken care of. What it does do is it frees up the resources and investment for us to focus on the platform side of the solutions that we provide to our customers. So no question that, that's the right place for us to be focused.
Will Lansing: No. It's really a collection -- around collections and recovery. But then we have some parts of our FICO that will continue to operate in and near and around the collection space. So for example, FICO advisors will continue to provide consulting, advice around collections. But the generally speaking, the business is turned over to Jonas, and we'll make sure that the transition is seamless.
Will Lansing: Yes. It's a good question. And I it's hard for us to say whether the impact is from them pulling back or from our own excellent execution. What seems to be happening is there's a lot -- at least in my mind, is that there's a lot of appetite and interest in monitoring credit, particularly times like these. And it's a very natural place to go is myFICO.com. And as you know, we do actually relatively modest marketing around it. But the brand is very strong. We have over 90% aided awareness to the FICO brand in the U.S. And so it's not surprising that we got a lot of attention there. I think we will always be positioned -- we'll always position ourselves as an innovation leader and having really robust and fully featured products. And the premium -- we try to be the premium product in the marketplace, as well as a bit of a lab for experimenting with offerings that we then turn over to our partners, encourage them to replicate.
Will Lansing: It continues to be used, and it's in test with essentially. We have -- we actually have quite a number of lenders were using it now. And so far, the feedback is very positive. And we're not charging for it. It doesn't have any revenue impact.
Will Lansing: Let me turn this over to Mike in just a minute to answer that question more fully. But what I would say is, everything that we have left in our portfolio is what we want to have in our portfolio. And it's a combination of legacy products and our platform products. We've been in a process of migrating and moving the capabilities from legacy products to the platform. And so increasingly, the new sales happen on the platform, we consider that to be truly strategic. So platform sales are where we want to be lend to South wells to land and expand, lets our customers who leverage a platform for small incremental investments get a lot incremental benefit. I mean, there's benefits for FICO and for our customers on the platform. That said, we have a really large business of FICO Solutions that are in place, on-prem, some in the cloud, but mostly on-prem. And we anticipate that those will be in use by our customers for many years to come. And so we continue to invest in those. We will continue to maintain those. We'll continue to make sure that our customers getting the full benefit of the investment that they made over past years. And as they're ready to migrate to the platform, we'll be ready to take them there. But the business really has both sides. And what you'll see is that the -- call it legacy solutions, the off platform solutions, we're not selling nearly as much of that going forward. And the energy is going into selling platform. But we'll be supporting both. Mike, if you want to add anything.
Mike McLaughlin: I guess what I would add is the nature of our sales on the software side are lumpy and long sales cycle for the most part. And so, month-to-month, even quarter-to-quarter changes in the ability of our customers to have people in the office, to meet face-to-face due to the pandemic and other things, it doesn't necessarily show up with the same frequency to might for a company that had, a shorter sales cycle and more higher frequency, lower ticket sales. So, the pipeline that we see in the major regions we serve looks healthy, all things considered in all regions. And I wouldn't be able to identify anything specific that would make one region or another standout.
Mike McLaughlin: Sure. So we'll be able to provide a little bit more detail on that when we get to the closing. So stay tuned next quarter for any more specifics we're able to share. In general, as we said in our remarks, we don't expect it to have material impact on profitability, which means that the expenses that we expect to remove, we're in the ballpark of the revenues that we are selling. And furthermore, we do continue to believe that our expenses for the year relative to last year will be about the same if not down little bit. So all the trends that we saw in our expenses, not including the impact of collection and recovery, divestiture, continue to play out and we still feel good about the full year.
Mike McLaughlin: Sure. Hey, Jeff. Look, as we think about how to recast our reporting to be more helpful to you and our shareholders. The principles are, the focuses on recurring software revenue, hence are beginning to shine more of a spotlight on the services revenue, because those are declining. We're trying to make them decline, but we're just trying to focus on the services that really add value and let them reach their natural level in terms of revenue. The margin profile is not such that we generate a whole lot of value out of the services directly value to our customers and increase the stickiness and all that. But PS revenue for PS revenue sake is not something we're seeking. So our focus is on recurring software. And so our metrics will help you see that more clearly. Second, is the apps versus DMS distinction is less and less relevant. It's been in place for a long time in our disclosure, but it's outlived its usefulness. So we're likely to simplify and talk more about software versus scores as opposed to application scores and DMS. And then finally, the key -- the Prime Directive in our software business is platform. And so we'll help you get better insight into what our platform revenues are doing. And what's happening in our revenues that are -- call them to-be platform. Not yet, but on the roadmap. So those are the things we're trying to achieve as we think about how best to expose it to you.
