William Lansing: Thanks, Steve, and thank you, everyone, for joining us for our first quarter earnings call. In the Investor Relations section of our website, we posted some slides that we’ll be referencing during our presentation today. We delivered a strong start to our fiscal year with double digit growth in software ARR and Scores revenue and we continue to deliver strong earnings and free cash flow. Page 2 shows financial highlights from our first quarter. We reported revenues of $322 million in Q1 and $85 million of GAAP net income in the quarter. On a non-GAAP basis, Q1 net income was $102 million up 25% and earnings per share of $3.70 up 35% from the first prior year quarter. We continue to deliver strong free cash flow growth as well. Q1 free cash flow was $124 million, up 66% from the previous year. For the trailing 12-months free cash flow was $465 million. We’re off to a good start in our fiscal 2022 and we continue to be very focused on our strategy. In our software business, we continue to focus on the decisioning platform that enables businesses to optimize consumer interactions across their enterprise. When I started at FICO, we had a software business consisting of separate tools and endpoint applications. We evolved that business into a vision of an open and extensible platform uniting advanced analytics, decision modeling and AI. Historically, our software business has been separated by function, allowing us to deepen our expertise in various disciplines, optimize role based resourcing and drive process consistency. This month, we made an important change that better aligns our software organizational structure by integrating our entire software business under Stephanie Covert. Stephanie has led our sales, marketing and services organization where her strong leadership has effectively embraced strategic change, resulting in early wins and a growing pipeline of enterprise platform deals, prioritization of software IP, increased deal level of profitability and clear segmentation of direct and partner channels. I’m confident by placing all elements of our software business under Stephanie’s leadership, as we did years ago with this course business under Jim Wyman will see better alignment, faster and more effective decision making, improved resource allocation against top priorities and stronger end-to-end operational rigor and discipline. Last quarter, we made several important improvements to our external reporting to provide more visibility into the progress we’re making. Today, I’m happy to report that we continue to drive impressive growth in our software ARR as you can see, on pages 7 and 8 of the presentation. Total ARR was up 10% in Q1 and the platform ARR grid rate of 67%. Our net retention rate was also impressive. Total NRR was 109% and platform NRR was 143% and we continue to increase the value of the new deals that we’re signing. As you can see, on page 9 our ACV bookings were up 37% over the same period last year. We are excited about the depth of interest in our platform offering. This quarter we signed a deal with a major U.S. financial institution to use the platform. The multiyear deal is our biggest platform sale-to-date, and it enables the automation of much of the day-to-day customer decisioning using cloud based FICO analytics. In Scores, we’re continuing to innovate and to align our pricing with the value they provide. We had a very good quarter and our Scores segment with strong growth in both B2B and B2C. Scores were up 17% in the quarter versus the prior year as you can see on page 6. On the B2B side revenues were up 13% in the quarter versus the prior year. We continue to see a slowed down and mortgage origination volumes for the U.S. market were revenues were down about 17% year over year. But that’s more than offset by other areas in the U.S. where revenues growing rapidly. Auto origination revenues were up 27%, card and personal loan originations revenues were up 39%. The fiscal 2022 price increases we talked about last quarter take effect primarily in January and are not yet in our numbers. Our B2C revenues continue to be strong, up 27% versus the prior year quarter. We saw a strong growth through both our own myFICO.com platform and also through our partner channels. As always, we continue to be focused on shareholder value. Last quarter, I said we would continue to aggressively buyback our shares. I’m pleased to say we repurchased more than 1.2 million shares in our first quarter and more shares in January. Our buybacks reduced the outstanding shares by 9% versus Q1 of last year and this morning, we announced the new $500 million Board repurchase authorization. I’ll add some final comments in a few minutes. But first, let me turn the call over to Mike for more of financial detail.
William Lansing: Thanks, Mike. As I said in my opening remarks, I’m extremely pleased with our Q1 results and the momentum we take into 2022. Our Scores business continues to deliver strong growth and our diversification through different credit verticals means we’re not dependent on specific types of lending. On the software side, we remain laser focused on our platform strategy and continue to drive strong results. We’ve delivered nine straight quarters of platform ARR growth in excess of 40%. We’re confident that we have the best-in-class capabilities in an emerging marketplace that’s poised for explosive growth. We remain focused on execution. We’re committed to delivering value to our shareholders and visibility to the progress we’re making. We will now turn it back to Steve for Q&A.
William Lansing: We’re not changing our guidance, Manav. I mean, we obviously hope that things improve over the year and we’re in a position to do better. But at this time, our guidance is our guidance.
William Lansing: In origination specifically or just generally I think first quarter is usually our hardest quarter. This quarter we exceeded our internal plan for first quarter. So that’s good news for us. It gives us a lot of optimism about the way the year is going to turn out. But I’m not ready to go out on a limb on volume forecasts.
William Lansing: As we discussed earlier, we have strategic pricing a kind of mixed across the board. It’s not in one particular spot. We did some tier based pricing. Some areas weren’t touched. Other areas were touched a little bit harder and as you know, it’s kind of a once a year event. So we did it and now we watch as it plays out. There’s not any revision to it going on.
William Lansing: It was a couple of large deals that fell into place, but they weren’t an accident. They were planned and I think it just underlines the fact that we’ve got the right kind of capability, the right kind of platform capability for big enterprise customers. It’s been proven out in the marketplace. We’re seeing the uptake. As you know, for us it’s a land and expand strategy where the platform gets installed and then the customer really focuses on all the incremental use cases that they can get with the platform in place. And so, we love landing the platform in large customers which is kind of what’s happened this quarter and which we anticipate will continue to occur over the year as we go forward.
William Lansing: No, typically those licenses are in the fourth quarter. You can take that to the bank in any given year, but that’s what we’ve seen in the last couple of years. And so, Q1 for the last few years has not had a onetime event like that. So it’s a pretty clean quarter over or year-over-year comparison. 
William Lansing: So the data we track, we think there’s pretty good data out there about new card sales. Actual volumes for used card sales is pretty squishy as far as we’re concerned. So really don’t know whether they were up or down. But more or less, let’s call it a push in terms of volumes. Our volumes in terms of Scores and auto, we’re up a little bit. Remember our Scores revenue doesn’t require the card to sell it just require somebody to look for credit. So it’s possible that we could have more volume increase than the actual number cards sold. But if you think about the total revenue increase that was not volume. A little bit of volume contribution as I said, but it was the pricing actions that we’ve taken and how we feathered out through the tiers of the users of that Scores.
William Lansing: I mean, the vast majority, but we can’t control the timing because some of these things phase in later in the year, but I would say, yes, the majority is upfront.
William Lansing: I would say consistent with prior years. We didn’t take extra action in light of inflation and inflationary expectation. So, consistent would be the answer to that. And customer reaction is, as it’s always been, knowing those price increases, but they actually understand that the value that we provide, it makes sense what we charge for it. And so, very similar conversations to those we’ve had in the past with our customers which is they understand why we do it. Do they wish that we didn’t raise prices? Of course, they wish they didn’t. Of course, they wish that but they understand us.
William Lansing: Yes. That’s a great question. And as you can imagine, we’re so focused on execution that we’ve spent a lot of time on this in recent months. Stephanie has been with us for many years. She’s an extremely effective leader. Everything that she’s had, she has just done a phenomenal job with sales and marketing and then we give professional services and she did a great job with that. And now we’ve tucked product and technology underneath her as well. And so she has the entire software business. I think that it will, as I said, it’s going to lead to more streamlined decision making. You could look at it as we have a little more of an SBU, a little more of a business orientation around that business, as opposed to being strictly functionally organized. It used to be the P&L didn’t really roll up until me. Now it rolls up to her. So there’s those benefits, but I think what we really have here is she’s just tremendous leader. And so we’re excited about her having the entire software business.
William Lansing: Yes. Look I wouldn’t read too much into what you hear in any one particular quarter. But I would say that we do have a very strong pipeline, software pipeline per platform with major financial institutions all around the globe, not just LATAM, not just North America. This quarter was strong for North America, obviously. But that’s where our direct sales force is putting its energy right now, it’s into our enterprise customers and into getting the platform put in place. And that’s what’s happening. We’re happy with it. But it doesn’t signal a shift. It’s just this quarter, it was North America and the quarters before LATAM was very strong and I expect to see that shifting around as we go forward. I mean, the pipeline is full of opportunities all over the world.
William Lansing: Typically around three years, but as you know, you put in the platform and we fully anticipate that the platform will be in for many, many more years, 10 years and beyond, but the typical contract would be three years. 
William Lansing: Well look, we’re as in love with our own stock as we’ve ever been. Can we continue to buy at the pace we’ve been buying? Probably not. We’re quite comfortable with our leverage where it is today, kind of mid twos. We could go higher. Our intent is to spend all of our free cash flow. We have been spending in excess of that. But our intent is always to spend at least our free cash flow. So there is certainly more dry powder, but I don’t think you could count on us buying at the same rate into the indefinite future.
William Lansing: I think that if you want to adjust your numbers to reflect our aggressive stock buying recently, you can do that. That’s not a crazy thing to do. But we’re not providing different guidance.
William Lansing: Yes. So we’ve been following that process. We participate in the process exactly as laid out by law and by the regulators, by the agencies and by the FHFA. And so, we are awaiting the news, such as it is when it comes and they’re really, we don’t have anything else to share right now. We continue to be confident that we have very good product and highly predictive and so on, but I think we just have to wait and see what they do.
William Lansing: Thank you. Thank you everyone for joining today and we look forward to speaking with you again soon. This concludes today’s call.
Mike McLaughlin: Hi it’s Mike. I think we are more or less at a run rate, if you want to put it that way. A big part of the decline was the divestiture of a collection recovery business as we disclosed in the 10Q, about $16.3 million of revenue that we had in the first quarter last year that we don’t have this year, about half of that was professional services. The rest of it is a combination of lower bookings. There was a little bit of push out of already contracted PS, which will catch up just schedule issue and milestone issues that are typical with any PS business, but the sort of 26 million a quarter 17%, 18%, 19% of revenue it feels consistent with what we’re the rate at which we’re selling new PS business going forward.
Mike McLaughlin: It’s a bit of both and depends on the customer. So it’s not a typical for a customer to put the platform in with some fairly specific idea about the use, but is typically not as narrow as our legacy solutions. Typically, the customer will think through a half a dozen or a dozen uses for the platform at the get go and phase the introduction of those different solutions. And then, it’s not uncommon for the customer to figure out within 12 months, within 6 to 12 months that there’s a whole bunch more things they can do with the platform and so they immediately start planning the next phase. And so, what we’re seeing is that the idea of embedding the platform, providing the tools, really is the right strategy for getting incremental business from these customers and for them, it’s a great value proposition because they make the big initial investment. And then, incremental utility comes at very low cost having done so much of the data plumbing and so on. So that’s typical. Sometimes it’s to replace existing functionality. I would say that’s a lot of the time that in the initial that the land piece, but the incremental functionality comes very quickly.
Mike McLaughlin: We don’t, we’ve never, I can tell you what you guys plug. But we’ve never provided guidance on the exact amount. It’s been on the order of $50 million I think in your models for years now.
