Will Lansing: Thanks, Mike. As I said in my opening remarks, we remain focused on building out our platform and taking it to an ever expanding marketplace. We will continue to invest at levels we think are appropriate to make the most of our incredible opportunity, and of course, we will continue to innovate and make the most of our incredible Scores asset. I am now turning the call over to Steve for Q&A.
Will Lansing: I would say, from a strategy standpoint, the way -- we don’t emphasize the one business over the other. We really try to do what’s appropriate for the customer. And so, while we love the characteristics of the SaaS business, where appropriate, we will absolutely do license on-prem deals and we don’t favor -- we don’t really favor one over the other.
Will Lansing: Well, I think, it is just that. I mean, we -- what we are seeing is the decline from a year earlier is not as great as it was. And so, while we clearly have a long way to go to kind of recover former volumes, the trend is in the right direction. So it’s -- we are seeing early signs of life.
Will Lansing: Maybe I will just take a quick stab at that, and Mike, you can give your view. Some of those labor savings will absolutely be redeployed into areas that are more strategic. So we are -- we have very healthy investment in our decision management platform and so some of those savings will be redeployed there. I think that on the facilities and some of the travel reduction expenses that are COVID related, some of that’s going to persist. I think some of that becomes permanent. Obviously travel, some amount of travel will resume, but I think we have all learned how to do business with less travel than we had before. And I mean, I am sure our experience is not unique. We have become a Zoom Video company, I mean we had it before COVID outbreak, but now it’s a way of doing business. And so I would think that even when everything comes back, we won’t see our travel expense at the same kind of level.
Will Lansing: The FICO Studio strategy is coming along just fine. We are on track. We have a quarterly release cycle and every quarter we make improvements. The API strategy is very much in place. We are very focused on that. We are also using the APIs internally today and we are in the process of turning those outward and documenting them so that others can use them. I actually think that the bigger hurdle for us will be around building a partner ecosystem that can leverage those APIs. So the -- getting the APIs out there is not something that we worry about. I think building the ecosystem takes a bit more work.
Will Lansing: We are not seeing tremendous changes. I mean Falcon is very much still the market leader and we are still selling Falcon in all its forms. So, we are not really seeing a difference there. I wouldn’t say that demand is way up nor is it down for Falcon. What we are doing in the fraud spaces is also looking at some, I would call it less traditional fraud opportunities for us and leveraging the decision management platform for them. So some of the lower cost not as heavy duty as Falcon, but some of the other clients of Falcon -- some of the other kinds of fraud solutions will be coming on the platform.
Will Lansing: Everything is going as smoothly as expected. Everything is going as planned. It really -- it happens later and so we will talk about it later.
Will Lansing: Well, I am just going it’s -- mortgage holding up fine actually and so it’s -- for now it looks right.
Will Lansing: No. I don’t -- maybe I need to go consult my notes. I think that we don’t really opine on the future mortgage. You are better off looking to the bureaus and their forecasts than to us, because we are kind of a lagging indicator on that. But what we see and at least what we are seeing right now is strong mortgage.
Will Lansing: Yeah. I think it’s too early to talk about specifics, but we have a lot of DMS opportunities in the pipeline and various interests from large financial institutions. And so without being able get into specifics right now, I would say, that it is consuming a lot of our sales activity.
Will Lansing: The margins -- it -- we have pulling and pushing in two directions. The margins are improving because we are getting better on expenses. W are -- our mix is changing with less PS. We are reviewing our products and identifying the ones that really aren’t contributing enough and are not strategic and so we talked about the China and ESS for example. But set against that is this incredible opportunity that we see with DMP or the Decision Management Platform. And we work through year-by-year what we can afford to spend on investing in it, but it’s not trivial. And given the market opportunity we are not going to shortchange it. So I think some of the margin improvement will be consumed by that incremental investment. Now, which way that goes? I know you are looking for a direction. Are margins getting better? Are they getting worse? Are they going sideways? We are just not prepared to say it yet. Flat is probably a good way to think about it. But I wouldn’t put a lot of stock in that because it could move. It really is a constant press internally for us to improve margins from an operating standpoint with cost reduction with getting better on pods all those kinds of things, while at the same time, recognizing that we are not going to miss this opportunity within the platform.
Will Lansing: I don’t think a lot has changed. You know that our stance on M&A is we are always open and looking and we rarely find anything significant that makes sense for us. And the issue -- especially given our platform strategy, the issue is that, introducing business, other businesses with other code bases that we just have to be put on a path to be brought into our platform. It is a -- it’s just a little bit complicated and potentially our strategy. So while we are always looking, it makes more sense for us at this time to continue to invest organically and build organically. Now that said, we are always doing small acquisitions, typically talent acquisition, sometimes small technology acquisitions that fill little gaps. But in terms of large acquisitions, I wouldn’t hold my breath, but never say never it could happen, but it’s not imminent.
Will Lansing: Yeah. I am not sure what we are prepared to disclose about the roadmap. We continue to make progress on Studio and we continue to work hard against getting the APIs turned outward, and I would say, those are the big points.
Will Lansing: Thank you. This includes today’s call. Thank you all for joining and we look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you and have a good day.
Mike McLaughlin: Yeah. I can jump in with some specific. So B2C revenues were up quarter-over-quarter, but not a lot, call it, $1 million. If you look back to Q4 to Q1, a year ago, it was kind of the same factor. So there is some seasonality Q4 to Q1 and the year-over-year compare continues to be very strong. But you are right, the quarter over quarter additions just were not as large as they were in the last two quarters particularly.
Mike McLaughlin: …if you look at the license -- yeah. Manav, if you look at the license itself. As we said, it’s -- and I am not just address fraud because probably the bigger question is that we are down about $15 million year-over-year from license sales. As we said about $9 million of that was purely related to the revenue recognition sale. It was also a quarter where we had less license renewals available to renew. If you followed us long enough then you know that that can be very lumpy. In Q3 we had another low quarter of last year, but Q2 was high. It just goes up and down. We can only renew that which is available. So it was a low renewal quarter. Not that we missed renewals or people didn’t renew, they just didn’t came up for renewal. And then the rest of it is just normal volatility and Q1 is particularly volatile, because it’s typically our smallest quarter. It can have the highest standard deviation. The services per se wouldn’t hit that fraud license line. It wouldn’t hit the total fraud business. An example of a services engagement that we would deemphasize would be some managed services that we perform for some of our customers, where we are helping them run the application on an ongoing basis. We do it well. It’s a good service. But it’s not strategic and so we are not emphasizing that. We are also engineering our products to be less professional services intensive when they are installed. So they can reduce the total dollars that our customers need to spend to install the product. So those are two examples of how and why professional services are -- we expect to be trending downward over time.
Mike McLaughlin: Hard to say. I would say that it’s a combination of us doing things differently, because we are always trying to do things that run the business better. And we have got a crack team there that is constantly experimenting and innovating to improve the business. But that said, obviously, we are benefiting from the fact that we have so many consumers who are increasingly focused on their Scores and their FICO credit scores. And they come to myFICO to where an obvious place to come. We don’t promote it nearly as much as partners like experience. But consumers find us and we do some -- someone marketing ourselves. And so I’d say it’s both things. It’s -- we are benefiting from the environment we are in where consumers are more focused than ever and I don’t know how long that lasts. I think it could last a long time, but we don’t know. And then we are also benefiting from an excellent execution from the team.
Mike McLaughlin: I add to that, Kyle, that we also, when everything comes back, won’t see our real estate facilities expense go back to the same model. Those restructuring actions and footprint reductions are -- we consider them to be permanent. On the labor side, yes, we are redeploying as we have talked about some of the savings back into particularly engineering talent from our platform products and we are not guiding particularly exactly how that’s going to move. But we did say last quarter and I continue to feel comfortable with, if you look at the full fiscal year, we expect our operating expenses to be flat to up a little bit, call it low single-digit percentages, we are still comfortable with that directionally.
Mike McLaughlin: Yeah. I was just going to say your math directionally is right. All else equal, if we deliver less professional services, it’s going to have a positive impact on gross margin, no question. The mix matters, for sure. But our professional services margins, gross margins are in line with what you would see at other well-run enterprise software companies that have in-house professional services and those margins are a lot lower than what typical software margins are.
Mike McLaughlin: Yeah. A lot of the -- that is a category that is more usage-driven than fixed minimum-driven. It’s not entirely usage, by any means. And we did see some usage fluctuations this quarter in some of our products, some of which would be -- seem to be related to the macro, like, we saw less usage of our origination solutions in a couple of spots and then there’s normal variability in usage of things like fraud. Again some of that may be macro related and is less to credit card transactions or being processed so quickly. There is not a big story there. Again, I think, the big -- the bigger swing was just the license number overall, which was impacted, as described by the rev rec change and just the normal Q1 combined with just lower renewal paying as well.
Mike McLaughlin: Yeah. I’d say that it does, look, it doesn’t feel like there is a COIVD or otherwise systemic hesitancy on the part of customers. You never can tell for sure. But the pipeline is still feels good. As we said, we still feel good about the full year on a new business basis and we came off of the highest ever booking quarter as you know in Q4 into what is seasonally the slowest quarter. So it’s -- again we don’t think that what you are thinking about is the case, time will tell. But the indicators we see is that the pipeline continues to look good for the year.
