Will Lansing: Thank you, Steve and thank you everyone for joining us for our second quarter earnings call. We delivered another solid quarter as we continue to see traction in our software business and amazing opportunities in our Scores business. Because of the increased visibility into our growth, today, we are raising our full year guidance. In our second quarter, we reported revenues of $278 million, an increase of 9% over the same period last year. We delivered $33 million of GAAP net income and GAAP earnings of $1.10 per share. We delivered $47 million of non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP EPS of $1.56. We had another good bookings quarter, with more than $100 million in bookings for the fifth consecutive quarter. And we continue to book a lot of new cloud deals. In fact, year-to-date, our cloud bookings are up 43% versus the first half of last year. Our software revenue was up a modest 3% this quarter. Applications were down 3% as we had less upfront license sales and services revenue than last year, while our decision management software was up 41%. Some of the decision management increase was due to licenses, but we're also seeing the benefit of services and transactional revenues from deals we've signed in previous quarters. As we have said, we're happy with the strategic investments we've made, and our innovative technology has been recognized by the industry. In fact, a recent Chartis report named FICO a category leader in AI for financial services and pointed to completeness of offerings and market potential. It's another data point that increases our confidence in investing in technology that helps banks meet ever more sophisticated requirements. As you know, last month, we announced a partnership with Equifax to provide a connected platform experience combining Equifax data with our FICO decision management platform. Since then, we've met with a number of customers who are intrigued with the potential of the turnkey cloud applications we are rolling out. We'll continue to keep you posted on our progress. I view this as an important initiative for FICO and I believe it will greatly expand the footprint of our decision management platform. In the Scores business, we had another great quarter as we saw stable volumes and the partial effects of price increases that began to take effect in our second quarter. Total revenues were up 20% versus the prior year and totaled $104 million. On the B2B side, revenues were up 27% over the same period as last year. This was primarily due to targeted price increases as well as some new product innovations. We implemented some price adjustments in January, and they have been phasing in the last few months. B2C revenues were up 5% this quarter and 7% year-to-date. We're pursuing a number of potential deals and still see many opportunities in this space. And we remain focused on driving shareholder value. We've repurchased $120 million in shares halfway through our fiscal year, and we worked diligently to efficiently allocate resources, accelerate free cash flow, and improve margins while still investing for the future. I'll share some summary thoughts later, but now I'd like to turn the call over to Mike for further financial details.
Will Lansing: Thanks Mike. We're halfway through another fiscal year and we're very well-positioned for the future. Our customers are increasingly seeking better, more advanced analytics and technology to optimize their most difficult decisions and we are ready and able to help them. As a result, our pipeline is very robust. We have more and bigger deals in our pipeline than ever before. We have a great team in place, and we're effectively executing on our cloud strategy to drive profitable recurring revenue and earnings growth. I'll now turn the call back to Steve for Q&A. 
Will Lansing: We're pleased with our progress and we still have plenty of work ahead. We are now at the point where all of our major franchises are available on the cloud. We have Falcon X coming out, which is our cloud version of Falcon, coming out this year and that's positioning us even more strongly in the cloud. But we still have work to do in terms of simplifying the product and consolidating the code base. And so I would say that there's more work ahead, but we're really feeling good about it. The infrastructure is really solid. The reliability is there. The geographic reach is there. We have great network ops and operational control of it. So, we're pretty happy about that.
Will Lansing: Yes, that's exactly right, Bill. It's slightly different, and we have some lagging price coming in. And so that it's as simple as that. I mean it's still quite a major move in auto.
Will Lansing: So, I think we've discussed this in the past, but it is probably worth reiterating. We are always looking for interesting acquisition opportunities. We have a very active corporate development arm. And the challenge for us -- and we do -- as you noted, we do from, time-to-time, do small tuck-in acquisitions for talent or little pieces of technology that we think would extend our franchises nicely. The more interesting question that we wrestle with is there are a lot of businesses out there that were we to merge or acquire them would result in accretion. And the problem is that we don't like their businesses as much as we like our own business. And so every time it comes down to do you want to get bigger by acquisition, our bar is we have to like their business as much as we like our own business, and that is a very, very high bar. And so I would never say never, and under the right circumstances, yes, we would lever up to do it. But we've been -- I've been CEO of FICO for seven years, looking for the last five, and I haven't come across the one that makes financial sense and is as attractive a business as our own. So, we just take the money and we buy back FICO stock with it and give it back to our owners.
Mike Pung: Partially, Manav. So, yes, in fact, the increase in the revenue guidance is driven from the Scores pricing, which we have some visibility now to the back half of the year. That's a bit offset by our growth in the software business. As you remember, last quarter, we fell short of our revenue growth on professional services. We made a little bit of it back here in the second quarter, but we expect, for the full year, we'll likely fall short, putting our software growth somewhere around 7%-ish, plus or minus. So, we're bringing that number back slightly and it's being replaced by the Scores item.
Mike Pung: No, nothing really going on there. It's growth that's coming through our partner pipeline, mainly through Experian.
Mike Pung: I would add one other thing, Bill and that is we've, both with mortgage and auto, we've always said we will grandfather in any committed dates that exists with our resellers, the three bureaus. And in the case of auto, there are some committed dates that extend out, and so that's why it feathers in a little bit slower. And also, the timing by which the credit bureaus implement their rate card with the end customers is different than it is for mortgage. And so those are a little bit in nuanced discussions that, I guess, add on to what Will said.
Mike Pung: Really nothing. You are right, those are correct numbers. And in the first quarter as in some prior quarters, we had a heavier percentage of deals that we signed that were transactional or license-oriented. This quarter happened to be one that was very heavy PS-oriented. I think roughly 60% or something close to 60% of our bookings this quarter are PS, which will burn off here probably in the next six to nine months. So, there really is nothing to it other than the mix of the deals that we signed this quarter than in the past several.
Mike Pung: Yes, that's exactly right. I mean we obviously are sensitive to the customers who want to sign deals by the end of the quarter, but we don't go the extra mile in terms of trying to get something signed by the end of March as compared to something in April or May. And practically speaking, these cloud deals are all ratable revenue anyway, and so it's simply a timing of one quarter to the next. And frankly, that's all it was this quarter. We were happy with over $100 million, and it certainly could have been a much larger number. And hopefully, we'll make some of that up in the back half of the year.
Mike Pung: Yes. So, under the old accounting rules, Bill, 605, it was a headwind. I think as I mentioned last quarter when we first had to implement the new revenue rule, 606, there was a strange little component to that rule for on-premise software, which is whenever there is a renewal or a new license deal signed on-premise, if there are guaranteed minimums in the contract, those guaranteed minimums are required to be recognized upfront under the old rule rather than ratably under the old rules.
Mike Pung: And they're recognized upfront now. And we do have Falcon renewals from time to time that carry guaranteed minimums in there, and so that's actually created some license revenue that we are claiming this year, including in quarter two that we didn't claim in the past. So, what we are finding this year with these renewals is that we have more license revenue than we built into our plan and that's offsetting some of the softness in the recurring revenue that we're seeing from some churn on a couple of customers in CCS.
Mike Pung: Yes. I call it two broad things. So, the first is we have continued to add headcount in the organization. And the headcount is primarily being added in R&D and operations, so that hits a combination of cost of goods and a combination of the R&D line item. That's where the heads are being added in. Also, as we've added in some heads for the existing employee base, we did as we typically do our annual compensation increase, which took effect in December. So, the January through March is the first full quarter in which we have a 3% salary increase in effect for the remainder of the employees. So, between the headcount added and the annual increase, that's the category that is driving the biggest part of the increase. The rest of the increase is frankly tied to variable incentive comp, commissions and incentive comp for the rest of the organization. And as a result of raising the guidance, it also affects that incentive comp line item, and we, as a result, have to increase our accruals to catch up not only for the first quarter, but the second quarter. So, those are really the two things that are driving the cost increase. That's why we believe it's going to level out over the rest of the year.
Bill Warmington: Got it, that's helpful. And then on the bookings detail, it looked like the transaction and maintenance bookings went from about 55% of total bookings in the December quarter to about 35% of total bookings in the March quarter. I just wanted to ask what was going on behind that.
Bill Warmington: Okay. And then on the timing of the cloud bookings for the quarter, the $29 million, that was below the last couple of quarters. When you reference timing, do you mean there were some deals that potentially were going to book in the March quarter that are going to book in the June quarter? Or -- I just want to ask a little more detail on that.
Bill Warmington: Yes. And you guys have referenced the transition from the upfront license fee model to the SaaS cloud delivery model as being a headwind to revenue and margins in the past. I just want to know if you could help us quantify how much of a headwind that is currently or if you want to talk about it in terms of the current quarter or in terms of the guidance. 
Bill Warmington: Okay. And then final question for you. It looked like most of the expense increase on a year-over-year basis was in the personnel department. So, I just wanted to ask for a little color on that. Is most of that going into R&D personnel? Or is that for implementation of the bookings? I just wanted to get a little -- see if we could get a little color there. 
