Will Lansing: Thank you, Steve. I'm pleased to report we delivered another very solid quarter, which kept off a remarkable fiscal 2019. In our fourth quarter, we reported revenues of $305 million, an increase of 19% over the same period of last year. For the full fiscal year, we recorded $1.16 billion of revenue, up 16% from 2018. We delivered $55 million of GAAP net income, up 67% and GAAP earnings of $1.80 per share, up 69%. On a non-GAAP basis the $2.01 earnings per share was up 50% from last year and we delivered free cash flow growth as well up 69% from fiscal 2018. I'm particularly pleased with the breadth of strength in our business. Our scores business has been growing very well for the past several years, but we were also able to deliver double-digit growth in our software business this year. We'll have some difficult comps in software next year as we project less upfront license and more ratable revenue, but we're steadily building a growing stream of predictable recurring revenue. In our application segment, we had a particularly strong year with our fraud and compliance solutions with both up double-digit over the previous year. We delivered 8% growth overall in the segment, which had transactional growth of 7%. In our decision management segment, we're validating our strategic vision with financial results. We delivered our largest DMS revenue quarter ever up 41% from last year's fourth quarter and the segment was up 34% for the full year versus fiscal 2018. The bookings were also good. We signed $61 million in new DMS deals this quarter, up 152% from the same quarter last year. For the full year, we signed $157 million of new DMS deals, up 90% versus last year. These solutions are best-in-class or more convinced than ever that there's a significant demand in the marketplace for analytics-driven decisioning software. Overall, our software business performed very well with total annual revenue up 11%. We remain committed to delivering more of our products in the cloud with full year SaaS revenues increasing 12% and SaaS bookings up 24%. In our scores business, we had another very successful year. Scores were up 30% in the quarter versus the prior year and up 25% for the full year. On the B2B side, strong volumes coupled with our strategic pricing drove quarterly revenues up 40% over the prior year. For the full year B2B revenues were up 34%. Our B2C revenues were up 7% versus the Q4 in 2018 and for the full year. We continue to see a positive macro environment for scores. In next year's guidance, which I'll discuss later, we expect the scores business to grow high single-digit, which includes some volume and regular pricing increases, but does not include any strategic pricing increases. We plan to implement some strategic pricing as we've done in the past, but are not including it in our guidance because it's difficult to estimate the timing and magnitude. As we look to 2020, we're excited about the many opportunities ahead for us and how we can refine our business model to deliver an increased operating leverage. Our transition to a platform based cloud first business has involved several years of heavy investment. We developed a goal of having a robust cloud-based decisioning platform that would enable us to dramatically scale our decisioning software business. And we've been able to do that without significant disruption to our income statement as we've shifted from upfront license to ratable cloud revenue. We remain focused on accelerating revenue growth while beginning to increase focus on our software margins. To accomplish this, we're doing two things. First, we're improving our cost structure. As we've grown our cloud business, we're now in a position to look for efficiencies that can be gained from the scale we've reached. We are relentlessly focusing on driving costs out where we can, so that we can improve our margins and still pass savings on to our customers. We'll do this through reducing development costs, increasing standardization and evolving our architecture to make it as efficient as possible. Second, as we've done in the past, we're continually looking at our business and asking ourselves if there are ways to be more efficient and reduce non-essential costs. This re-engineering effort is an essential part of any well run business and it's something we do on a regular basis. The cost savings can either be pass-through to the bottom line or fund important investments in other parts of the company. As always, we strive to be good stewards of these assets and see great opportunities ahead. I'll talk more about our outlook for 2020, but first let me turn the call over to Mike for further financial details.
Will Lansing: Thanks Mike. We're speaking to you today from FICO World, which is our Global Decisioning Conference held this week in New York. More than a thousand professionals are here with us from 60 countries to discuss decision management innovations, artificial intelligence, machine learning, analytic innovation, fraud solutions, cyber risk and growth strategies. This sold-out event is an invaluable chance for us to meet with our customers to demonstrate our best-in-class solutions and help them optimize and automate their most difficult decisions. As we move into fiscal 2020, I'm pleased with the progress we've made and excited for what lies ahead. The investments we've been making on the software side have been leading to growth in bookings and recurring sustainable revenue. On the Scores side, the business is stronger than ever and we continue to drive value out of these incredible assets. With all of this in mind, we are providing the following guidance for fiscal 2020. We are guiding revenues of approximately $1.245 billion, an increase of about 7% versus fiscal 2019. We are guiding GAAP net income of approximately $204 million, up 6% versus 2019. GAAP earnings per share of approximately $6.75, non-GAAP net income of $251 million and non-GAAP earnings per share of $8.30. I'll now turn the call back over to Steve, who will take Q&A.
Will Lansing: Yes, I'll make a comment and turn it over to Mike. We see high single-digit for Scores, that's right, and then software will be a little below that and that's mostly because of some revenue recurrent – some revenue that was – that we were forced to take upfront license revenue in 2019, which is going to result in difficult comps for next year. So if you normalize all that, we're headed for a software growth on the order of 7% which is completely consistent with what we actually grew.
Will Lansing: Well, we have $270 million of SaaS revenue which is equivalent to – which is equivalent to cloud and you can do the percentage yourself. It's growing at in the teens to low-20s percentages quarter-to-quarter. And we expect that to continue to grow as strategically we shift clients to the platform that we're building.
Will Lansing: So, we are – first verticals. So it's still predominantly financial services as it has always been, but we're getting increasing success in Telco and Auto. And so we continue to work deals there. In terms of the sales force configuration, we are adding domain expertise for some of these non-financial services, verticals. So we have a Telco Group now, we have an Auto Group, and so we're going at it that way.
Will Lansing: I think that we have an effort in that direction but 2021 is a safer bet. The way we think about that one is we have – as we do more and more cloud offering, that carries with it higher cost. And so that's a thing to work against, but the flip side of that is, as we have more scale in cloud, our unit costs go down. And so we're busy trying to identify where there – were in our cloud infrastructure there is savings to be had, that come from scale. And so the two offset each other a little bit, it’s another year of investment, that's true, but at the same time, we're trying to manage expenses as tightly as we can, because we love to see either additional cash freed up for investment or returned to shareholders. So we'll see how this effort goes. But we're focused on it without making a commitment to changing the margins.
Will Lansing: CCS is business as usual. It's where – it's a healthy business, we did lose some business, more commodity like business recently. But the business is generally strong.
Will Lansing: Yes, the UltraFICO is – it's in test, it's in pilot with customers and we'll see where it goes. Our plan is to get to kind of a more full-scale launch later in the year. It's still on track. So far, early returns are happy with the results and we're seeing – we're seeing improvements in our ability to predict.
Will Lansing: So with auto, it's gone very smoothly and not surprisingly because, we spent a lot of time thinking about where and how to strategically reprice, I would say that the impact is not fully felt by any means, we're just starting to see it come in. So again we're still not certain on the timing, but it is not reflected in the current numbers. With respect to other strategic areas, if you look at our Scores business, we have mortgage, we have auto and then almost everything else is in one way or another credit card related, we have account management and pre-screening and pre-qual. It's quite a large portfolio of different kinds of things. And so it's not as simple as just saying, oh we raised prices in X, it's definitely a case of us being very surgical in our approach and identifying pockets in that portfolio that can – that are basically demanded in the last that can handle a little bit more price. And so it's not as easy to describe this time around, but the potential is very much there.
Will Lansing: Yes, great question. As you know we have half a dozen major franchises and three of them are moved to the platform. So, origination is now on the platform and Strategy Director, which is the successor to TRIAD, is now on the platform. Blaze, our rules engine is now on the platform. So a number of our major solutions are there. The harder ones are Falcon and Debt Manager, Collections and Recovery and to a lesser extent CCS. And so, we're – Falcon is definitely the highest priority and we have a very strong team, large team working on moving Falcon from just being in the cloud to our cloud ready Falcon X platform based product. CCS is not as far along, but the interconnections with the platform are there. And so, that's less visible. And Debt Manager is a very complex code base. And so, it may remain a separate platform. We may find a way to bring it together. We will make it interoperable one way or another, but that's still under review. So I can't promise that we'll have 100% of our major solutions on the platform in 12 months, but we're almost there.
Will Lansing: Yes, I mean there's no question that when has more of our business on the platform; the economics are going to improve that. That's the whole idea here. And frankly, it should go along with being able to pass some savings through to customers. I mean, when we have – the platform in its full form, the economics should be good for us and good for our customers.
Will Lansing: Yes, it is the kind of standard price increases. And no, it does not include auto. The auto was – we did auto last year.
Will Lansing: Yes, as you know, we won't commit to rough sizing, but they do have the potential. I would say the potential is certainly there.
Will Lansing: Thank you. Thank you to everyone for joining, and that concludes today's call. We look forward to talking with you again. Thank you.
Mike McLaughlin: Yes, and I'd add if you want to think about the breakout between the projected Scores growth and software growth overall 7%, software growth is probably about 0.5% less than that, that's more precise than it will end up being of course and Scores growth is probably 1% higher than the average of the two.
Mike McLaughlin: And then your question on Falcon X, Falcon X is on track. So we actually have Falcon available in the cloud now, but in terms of getting Falcon onto the platform, what we call Falcon X, that's going to take until – well into 2020. I mean we launched it earlier, but the full robust Falcon X will be later on.
Mike McLaughlin: And Bill, this is Mike, I can give you the specific deal size numbers for this quarter, it happened to be 33 deals over $1 million and nine of which of those were over $3 million. And I'll circle back and answer Manav's question about the seasonality of the bookings, I neglected to do so earlier. If you look at quarterly booking trends for the last couple of years, you will see that typically sort of high teens to 20% of the bookings occur in the first quarter and then ramps throughout the year to be almost 30% in the fourth quarter again typically. Bookings are variable for FICO as you know. So we're not making a specific prediction about what they'll be in the first quarter. But seasonally we would expect them to taper off as usual.
Mike McLaughlin: Yes, in terms of the growth that we're projecting, as you would expect, DMS should continue to grow at much higher rates than the projected average and apps will go back down to a more normalized rate of low single-digit growth as we move clients onto the platform for strategic reasons. Within that, there is nothing that really stands out at least to me in terms of puts and takes around the product family that we expect to be any different that the past.
Mike McLaughlin: Yes, I can that. We have seen some strength in mortgage origination scores consistent with what you can see in external data from the MBA and otherwise, but that's not directly reflected in the guidance in the scores segment. It really is, as you described, low single-digit volume increases across the board, cost of living type price increases across the portfolio, and really nothing specifically in there for any kind of lingering effects of past price increases.
