Michael J. Pung: Yes, absolutely, Carter. So at the beginning of the year, we had an annual guidance that had very aggressive license revenue. We saw a very good pipeline coming into the year across the existing businesses we have and since then, we had bought CR Software. And the pipeline of CR Software's -- came very large and is growing even more significantly now that we have a system of record embedded within our collections and recovery business. Coming into the end of this quarter, quarter #2, we had a handful of large transactions that we had line of sight on, that we didn't get the deals done on and didn't get them closed for a variety of reasons, purchasing decisions were delayed and some of the deals slipped forward. We've signed 1 or 2 small ones but we're still pursuing much of the large transactions. With that, we also believe that with the CR Software business and the ramp-up of the Adeptra business, we do have line of sight certainly to the bottom end of our guidance and enough pipeline to safely get us well within the guided range we have on revenue. As it related to OpEx, while we see some modest increases in OpEx over the balance of the year, we pretty much absorbed all the cost associated with the acquisitions. And now it's a matter of simply just running the business as efficiently as we believe we have in the past and we can. And so while we see some modest growth on the OpEx side, it isn't going to be very significant with respect to, certainly, what's been seen with the on-boarding of some of these transactions. As it relates to the tax rate, we've been guiding the full year all along at around 31% to 32%. So really, nothing's changed there but for the reinstatement of the R&D credit, which we assumed would happen within the numbers we provided at the beginning of the year.
Michael J. Pung: Yes. I mean we were expecting it to be around the 9% range. Actually the absolute dollar amount has gone up and part of that is just a redeployment of functions from other areas into R&D, so taking administrative cost out of our R&D team or our IT team and reinvesting it on the R&D line item. But the rate we're running at right now is probably the right absolute dollar amount.
Michael J. Pung: Yes. In particular, Manav, we've been experiencing a long period of time, as you know, where our Scores business and the volumes underneath our Scores business on the Originations side have been going sideways. And we're starting to see some improvement on that end. It just so happens we had a tough comparable period for our B2B Scores business and that last year we had a large transaction that hit our revenue line item. But except for that line item, we're starting to see some nice growth on the B2B side. I wouldn't say we're off to the races and I am not trying to imply that. But certainly compared to what we've seen in the past, we're starting to see further progress on the macro side on the Scores business.
Michael J. Pung: Yes, I know. We're -- things haven't changed materially on any of the individual particular line items. We're seeing a little bit more out of credit cards but fundamentally, things haven't materially changed.
Michael J. Pung: Yes, that's a great question. CapEx, year-to-date, is probably twice what it was last year at this same time, Matt. And a big part of what is driving the growth was the opening up of 2 office facilities, one in Roseville, Minnesota and one here in expansion in San Jose where we've, in Minnesota, consolidated from 2 facilities to 1. And that included some build-out along with just equipping the facility, much of that hit in the first quarter. In the second quarter here, much of the driver behind the CapEx number was investment that we have made in -- on the Adeptra side to set up distribution opportunities outside the U.S. and Asia, in particular, where we signed a couple of very large deals along with simply the equipment in PCs and things of that nature that we have upgraded and put into the hands of the people in the companies that we bought. We'll probably end the year up with, in total, $25 million to $28 million of CapEx, which is quite a bit larger than we'd historically run. But we're investing in parts of the company that -- especially on the Adeptra side that does have revenue payback, it's just not overhead.
Michael J. Pung: Overall, they're not material in that an Adeptra data center, as an example, is not a significant full service data center, it's more of a telecom data center. And so the investments aren't that large individually. And in the aggregate, we're putting them in place in countries where we see the largest of opportunities. So in the grand scale, they're not really significant. For the rest of the business, we generally made our data center investments about 1.5 year ago and we still have enough capacity in the U.S. for, I'll call them, legacy FICO ramp-up.
Michael J. Pung: Yes. Our B2C side grew 13% on a year-over-year basis. We were very close to $11 million of revenue on the B2C side, something we haven't seen in several years. Much of it is driven from an increase, conscious increase, to grow our subscription side of that business as opposed to onetime Score polls. And as you compound enough of that backlog of subscription revenue, you begin to see some lift and, in fact, we're starting to see that along with the benefits of some of the infrastructure changes that we made 1 quarter ago.
