William J. Lansing: Thanks, Steve. Today, we announced the results for our fourth quarter of fiscal 2013. I'll briefly recap those results and summarize our entire fiscal year 2013, then I'll discuss our outlook for 2014. In our fourth quarter, we reported revenue of $190 million, an increase of 2% over the same period last year. On a GAAP basis, we delivered $29 million of net income and earnings of $0.79 per share for the quarter, up 38% and 32%, respectively, from the same period last year. We delivered $35 million of non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP EPS of $0.98 per share, increases of 17% from the same period last year. Recurring revenues throughout our business were strong again this quarter, up 4% over the same quarter last year. Services revenue were 8% higher than last year. We were disappointed this quarter with license sales, which were 12% lower than the same period last year. Our customers continue to face uncertainties that have lengthened purchasing decisions for large license transactions. We had several very large deals this quarter that, had we closed them before September 30, would've yielded a different result for the quarter. While these deals are still in play, we've learned that in today's environment, it's difficult to forecast the timing of large deal approvals at North American banks. Mike will provide more detail on the numbers, but first, I'd like to summarize what we accomplished in fiscal 2013, particularly since our Q4 results do not tell the whole story. A year ago, I said we viewed fiscal 2013 as a year in which we would continue to invest in long-term growth initiatives. First, we would diversify beyond our strong foundation in financial services, where analytics have generated great value; second, we would expand our SaaS offerings with cloud-enabled FICO applications, analytics and solutions; and third, we would help our clients leverage Big Data to make better decisions and change the way they do business. We've made great strides toward these goals in the past year. We've successfully integrated the IP and talent we gained when we acquired Adeptra. We closed the year with several large wins as a direct result of our new mobile customer engagement capability. We acquired and integrated CR Software, giving our Debt Manager product the functionality it needed to regain its position as the most advanced offering in a growing market, and at the same time, giving us firm footing in several new industries. Both of these acquisitions boosted our revenue, accounting for much of our growth this year and also our bookings. And they helped us diversify beyond financial services, particularly in government and insurance bookings this year. We will see the benefits of these investments in the months and years ahead. But we've also worked hard internally on innovation. We stepped up our development efforts in the area of enterprise fraud prevention, which is a growing problem for our customers, and we expect will be a significant growth driver for the business. We focus significant resources on the specific market problems of application fraud, online fraud and merchant monitoring fraud. In addition, we continue to deliver solid performance from our Scores franchise. Our B2C business grew 16% from the prior year as we introduced new consumer product offerings. And perhaps most significantly, this year, we began the rollout of the FICO Analytic Cloud, a game-changing offering enabling businesses of any size to access the industry's most powerful Big Data analytics and Decision Management technology. The Cloud will deliver a wide range of benefits, one of which is cutting analytic application development time from months to days. It's an exciting offering, and we'll have more specific announcements on this within a matter of weeks. But 2013 hasn't been without bumps in the road. We're still heavily concentrated in the financial services industry, and therefore subject to the uncertainties of that industry as it recovers and contends with new levels of regulation. We continue to see fluctuations in our revenues that are linked to the signing of large license deals. As we move towards more subscription-based agreements with our customers, we expect license volatility to diminish as it represents a smaller portion of our total revenues. But in the meantime, we're mindful of the realities our customers are facing and of the short-term effects on our own revenues. That said, we remain very confident about the future. When I became CEO nearly 2 years ago, I said that what makes FICO different from other companies is that we have great technology, with a proven track record. And in many ways, the market for that technology is just getting warmed up. FICO Analytic products transform entire industries, and in the era of Big Data, there are many industries left to transform. I'll talk more about what I see for us in 2014, but first, I'll turn the call over to Mike for further financial details.
William J. Lansing: Thanks, Mike. As I said earlier, I'm pleased with where we've positioned ourselves for the future. We have a solid installed base with good recurring revenue. Our Scores business continues to perform very well in a slow growth economy. Our acquisitions are fully integrated and performing well. And we are rolling out innovations, including cloud-enabled applications, that we believe are highly competitive and well-suited to meeting the needs of our customers. At the same time, we recognize the uncertainties in the markets we serve, particularly in the financial services sector. With all this in mind, we're opting to be cautious in the guidance we're offering for fiscal '14. We expect revenue to be between $763 million and $773 million, an increase of 3% to 4% versus fiscal '13. We expect net income to be $91 million to $94 million, up 1% to 4% over fiscal '13. And non-GAAP net income to be $125 million to $128 million, up 3% to 5% over fiscal '13. Finally, we expect GAAP earnings per share of $2.50 to $2.60, up 1% to 5% over fiscal '13; and non-GAAP EPS of $3.46 to $3.56, up 3% to 6% over fiscal '13. I'll turn the call back now to Steve for Q&A.
William J. Lansing: Well, I think we're being prudent because we just came off a quarter where we didn't meet expectations in terms of our guidance. And so I think it's natural for us to be prudent under those circumstances. We are feeling really good about our business and about the appetite of bank customers and non-financial institutions customers for the analytics products that we have. We're -- we feel good about what we think will be increasing uptake for our applications when they're offered on a SaaS basis, as well as on-premise versions. So we feel good about the product portfolio and where we're going. I think we have the uncertainty in the marketplace that comes with the financial services industry. And I think your guess is as good as anyone's guess as to where that takes us. I think things are getting better, but we're being cautious.
William J. Lansing: Sure. We think about using our shareholders' cash for multiple things. We think about it, first and foremost, for stock buyback, which is a wonderful return to the shareholders and has the virtue of tremendous certainty. It competes -- that share buyback competes with M&A opportunity. We have a lot of M&A opportunity, we're -- but we evaluate acquisition targets with a very high bar because we're pretty bullish on our own prospects. And so it really takes a very compelling story for us to be interested in acquiring another business. And so our pipeline is full. There's lots of things to evaluate and consider, and it would -- it should not surprise anyone if in the course of 2014 we do additional acquisitions. But at the same time, one could easily imagine us going through 2014 and not buying a single company. I think it's all circumstances dependent, and we continue to evaluate these acquisitions against a very high bar. We also have the benefit of a tremendously strong product development organization at FICO. And so we are often faced with situations where we see interesting acquisitions that have an immediate revenue benefit and sometimes are accretive relatively quickly. But they're costly. And we've set those against building it ourselves, and we have -- we just have tremendous bench strength in terms of building our own product, and we did a lot of it this year. When you look at FICO Analytic Cloud and Decision Management platforms, some of the things that we've announced, some of the things that are coming to the market right now, these are things we chose to build rather than buy. They do compete for P&L dollars, and we're comfortable with that. We try to balance it. There's a point where we invest to a point and no further, but we're making fairly significant organic investments in the business right now, and a large part of that is because we can build so much more cost effectively than buy. So that's a very long way of saying we have lots of acquisition opportunity, but held to a very high bar.
William J. Lansing: It was a combination. I'd say it was a little bit more of our ability to sell the 3-in-1 product than other factors, but there were a lot of other factors. That business is performing very nicely today. There's market appetite. Our marketing efforts have gotten a lot stronger, our product continues to improve everyday and it's generally becoming a much more competitive offering. And so it's -- I would say it's a combination.
Michael J. Pung: Yes, Manav, this is Mike. So in the fourth quarter, we had about $22.5 million of revenue coming from CR Software and Adeptra. That's in the fiscal '13 numbers. Next year, we're not breaking out the numbers for either of those 2 business lines, but we're expecting to grow them at about the same pace we grew them this year, which is double-digit for CR Software and around 20-some percent for Adeptra.
Michael J. Pung: Yes, so we are expecting our OpEx on a run rate basis to come up modestly from quarter 4. Quarter 4 included -- or actually excluded some of the performance-based incentives that had been in our run rate up for the first 9 months. And so it was a light quarter simply because our bonus and our commission accruals are lighter than what they had been in previous quarters. We expect that to get reset in the first of this year. Headcount is remaining fairly flat on a quarter-to-quarter basis. In fact, most of the headcount increase over last year came from the acquisitions that we had done. So I would expect, Matt, to see a little bit of increase across each of the 3 line items on our P&L for commissions and incentives, and probably a little bit more materials cost in our cost of revenue as we see further growth of the Adeptra product, and that comes along with a little higher COGS to it.
Michael J. Pung: Yes, Brett, so most of our Scores business is tied to the volumes associated with credit cards. Though a very important component of it are mortgages, including refinancing, as well as the auto industry. Throughout most of the year, we've seen strength continue on the mortgage side, though it certainly has tapered off from where it was earlier on in the year. Auto seems to continue to be performing actually quite strong, though it is a smaller part of our B2B business. Credit cards was generally pretty consistent and flat with last year -- I'm sorry, last quarter, which had been in a growth area over the first 3 quarters of the year. So mortgages is an important piece. It's dropped maybe slightly. It's been offset by auto. And overall, the net of it is our Scores business is performing at a pretty high level.
