William Lansing: Thanks, Dave. Thank you, everyone, for joining us for our fourth quarter earnings call. In the Investor Relations section of our website, we've posted some slides that we'll be referencing during our presentation today.  I am pleased to report we had a strong quarter, which completed another outstanding year with record annual revenues and record earnings, meeting the guidance that we raised last quarter.  Page 2 shows financial highlights from our fourth quarter. We reported fourth quarter revenues of $390 million, up 12% over the prior year; and $1.514 billion of revenue for the fiscal year, up 10% versus the prior year. We delivered $101 million of GAAP net income in the quarter and GAAP earnings of $4.01.  For the full fiscal year, we delivered $429 million in GAAP net income, which equates to $16.93 of earnings per share. On a non-GAAP basis, Q4 net income was $127 million with earnings of $5.01 per share.  Full year non-GAAP net income was $500 million, up 10% over last year with $19.71 of non-GAAP earnings per share, which is up 14% versus the prior year. We continue to deliver strong free cash flow with a record $163 million in our fourth quarter. For the full year, we delivered $465 million of free cash flow. We continue to return capital to our shareholders through buybacks. In fiscal 2023, we repurchased 615,000 shares at an average price of $659 per share.  In our scores segment, as you can see from Page 6, our fourth quarter revenues were $196 million, up 12% versus the prior year. For the full year, our revenues were $774 million, up 10% versus last year. On the B2B side, the current quarter revenues were up 21% versus the prior year and up 18% for the full year. This is a strong result, considering the impact of rising interest rates on loan origination volumes.  On the B2C side, the current quarter revenues were down 6% versus the prior year and down 8% for the full year due to difficult comps. Fourth quarter mortgage origination revenues were up 147% versus the prior year and accounted for 24% of our scores revenues and 12% of our total company revenues. Auto origination revenues were up 2%, while credit card and personal loan origination revenues were down 2% versus the prior year.  We continue to innovate in scores. We're happy to see traction with our latest score, FICO Score 10 T. This quarter, we announced that Movement Mortgage, a top 10 retail mortgage lender, has become an early adopter of FICO Score 10 T. They're using it to analyze their nonconforming loans in conjunction with the classic FICO Scores. As a first-in-market user of FICO Score 10 T, Movement Mortgage will work with FICO to share early-use insights for nonconforming products to help the mortgage industry understand the benefits of the most predictive credit score in the space. Movement Mortgage's use of FICO Score 10 T will provide opportunities to evaluate risk more efficiently in credit positioning.  The improvements in the predictive power of FICO Score 10 T can help lenders avoid unexpected credit risk and better control default rates while making more competitive credit offers to more consumers. And this all occurs without sacrificing the trusted FICO Score minimum scoring criteria and user experience. A more predictive score will help project cash flows with more precision, potentially increasing the value of securitized assets on the secondary market.  In our software segment, we delivered $194 million in Q4 revenue, up 11% from last year. We delivered $740 million in fiscal year revenue, up 10% from last year. We continue to drive strong growth in ARR and NRR through our land-and-expand strategy with expand driven by increased customer usage.  As shown on Page 7, total ARR was up 22% with platform ARR growing 53% and non-platform ARR growing 14%. Total NRR for the quarter shown on Page 8, was 120% with platform NRR at 145% and non-platform NRR at 111%. We continue to see strong demand from new customers. Our total ACV bookings for the year were $94 million, up 10% year-over-year.  There continues to be strong demand for our FICO Platform. We've built a strong pipeline of prospects interested in using this advanced decisioning technology to optimize interactions with our consumer customers. And we continue to be recognized for our technology. Chartis ranked FICO #1 for innovation and risk management technology for the seventh consecutive year, and we're in the top 5 as a risk and compliance technology provider for the second year in a row. Forrester identified FICO as a leader in AI decisioning platform, and Juniper Resources awarded FICO Platform the Future Digital Award for Banking Innovation of the Year.  I'll highlight the fiscal year 2024 guidance in just a few minutes. But first, let me turn the call back to Steve -- over to Steve for further financial details. 
William Lansing: Thanks, Steve. As we enter fiscal 2024, I remain excited about our future. Both our software and scores businesses are best in class, and our continued investment will accelerate our competitive advantage. We continually look for ways to build our brand and expand our outreach.  Last quarter, I talked about our financial literacy efforts. Today, I'd like to discuss the launch of the FICO Educational Analytics Challenge. This program, which we've created for students at historically black colleges and universities, features remote mentoring from FICO data scientists and in-person lectures by FICO's Chief Analytics Officer, Dr. Scott Zoldi. The FICO Educational Analytics Challenge is a program created to help promote diversity in data science, engineering and technology.  Today, we announced the departure of Stephanie Covert, who has led our software business. Stephanie was instrumental in driving FICO software growth and platform transformation, and we wish her well in her future endeavors.  Before we open for questions, I'll review our fiscal '24 guidance. While we don't break out our segments, we do expect growth in both our scores and software segments. As with prior years, we expect the pricing initiatives in fiscal '24 to have an additional impact beyond our guided numbers. And because of uncertainty in volumes, it's difficult to estimate the timing and magnitude of that impact.  Our fiscal 2023 bookings, strong pipeline, recurring revenues and diversified product portfolio give us considerable visibility into fiscal 2024. So today, we're guiding double-digit growth for both revenue and earnings, as shown on Page 13 of the presentation. We're guiding revenues of about $1.675 billion, an 11% increase versus last year. We are guiding GAAP net income of approximately $490 million, an increase of 14%; GAAP EPS of approximately $19.45, an increase of 15%; non-GAAP net income of about $566 million, an increase of 13%; and non-GAAP earnings per share of about $22.45, an increase of 14%.  With that, I'll turn the call back to Dave, and we'll take some questions. 
William Lansing: So what our forecast reflects is lower volumes than last year, so a decline versus last year, and roughly flat volumes from the level we're at today. That's how we think about the volume side. And as you know, we take price action for CPI, and sometimes in excess of CPI, every year. And so this year is no different. We will be doing that again. 
William Lansing: Yes. The software strategy is going exactly as expected. We continue to penetrate enterprise platform customers. We've moved to -- we now have 55 of the top 300 financial services customers worldwide on the platform. And that's 55 what we call them EPCs, 55 of these enterprise customers who are using multiple use cases of the platform. If it's just a question of how many have taken the platform, that number is over 100.  And so we have pretty good penetration. As I've shared in the past, we actually expect that the expand side of land and expand is significantly bigger than land. So we land the business, and then our customers find all kinds of new ways to use the platform. And the expansion revenue typically exceeds the land revenue by quite a bit, and that has continued. And that's part of why we're seeing the success that we're seeing. 
William Lansing: I would say that most of that is from transaction volume growth. We do invest in features and functionality in our historical products and our legacy products. And so it is all about keeping them up-to-date and useful to our customers.  Again, as we've discussed in the past, the -- many of these solutions go into a customer of lending institution. And they might go in for a 3-year term initially, but they're typically renewed again at the 3-year mark and again at the next 3-year mark. And we can have these solutions operating for 12 years or more. And so it's incumbent on us to maintain the features and functionality, make sure the security is good and the functionalities that our customers want. We do all that. So we're pretty proud of our classic products. But I would say that the increase that you're seeing is largely just volume-related. 
William Lansing: Yes. We really don't go into the detail around the pricing within the segment. We have studied it, and I think that the price increases that we put into the segment are what are fair and appropriate for the market. We're pretty comfortable we've done the right thing, but we don't go to a lot of detail on that. 
William Lansing: We are seeing shortening. I mean the sales cycle a year ago was over a year long. And today, it's 2/3 of that. We're very happy with that progress. There's a lot of reasons for it, but it's kind of the cumulative effect of us moving out the process and scaling up, and things are going faster.  I'd also say that the demand is really hot for our offering. The customers are really interested and they're in a hurry to get it going. And it's pretty easy for us to get it up and live. So all those things have contributed to a shorter sales process. And I would say that's true overseas as well as in the U.S. 
William Lansing: Yes. Jeff, I know you'd love for us to put a number on it. And you know us, we never do. And so it's not going to happen today either. The way we think about it is we look at the volumes, we make our forecast built around the volumes. We put on a CPI increase, and then we put what some people call special pricing, but we have some additional increases beyond CPI. And then because the timing of those is uncertain, we leave some of that out of the guidance.  And so call our guidance conservative. It's designed to reflect the fact that we just don't know how quickly the full-price effect will be ramped into our numbers. And so I hesitate to put any kind of a number on it for you. Is it safe to think about it the way we have in years past? Yes. So think about it the way we do it every year. We haven't changed our methodology. 
William Lansing: Yes. Stephanie has done a great job with us. She's done a lot of good things for FICO and for the software business in particular. She decided to pursue other professional opportunities, and so we wish her well with all that.  We -- FICO graduates a lot of talent. I mean it's not -- Stephanie is not the first talent who's left us. And we have a really strong team, and I'm confident that our software business will continue very smoothly.  In terms of leadership, I'm taking over the leadership of the software business directly, so -- which is what I did before Stephanie took it over. And so I'm pretty comfortable with that. Might we have another leader besides me in the future? We might, but that's not the plan right now. So I'm going to run it for the time being, and we'll see. 
William Lansing: Software business is growing double digit just like the scores business. I mean it's very strong. And where -- it continues to be strong. Where we haven't decelerated in any way in terms of our platform growth rates, which, as you know, were very high. And we -- trees don't grow to the sky, but we expect that to continue for quite some time. I mean there's a lot of demand. The pipeline this year is stronger even than a year ago. And so yes, we're very optimistic. 
Steven Weber: Yes. I mean it is pretty modest. I mean you can -- when you build out your model, you'll see there's some additional expense in there but not a lot. But a lot of it's reprioritization, right? We're looking to invest on the software side. We're putting a lot of money into the platform as we've done, and we're putting money into security to make sure that we're secure as possible. So it's relatively modest. But we definitely are adding some additional investment there from what we've seen in the past few years. 
Steven Weber: Yes. I mean that's a good question, George. The volatility on the card side can be pretty dramatic and it could be pretty short-lived. So I mean nothing surprised us beyond what -- we saw that coming, right? The sub-prime has been trending down for quite a while. So there's nothing that happened in September that kind of caught us by surprise. So we're satisfied that we have the right rate card in place. 
Steven Weber: Yes. I mean it's maybe a little bit incremental. We do have some onetime expenses, a lot of our -- around incentives in the fourth quarter that ramps up. And a lot of our people are in software. So you're going to see a little bit higher expense there. But our run rate is not going to increase significantly off of where we -- our exit rate from the fourth quarter. 
Steven Weber: No, I would say the only change is that there's probably more volatility in terms of volumes had in the past. So I mean, if you could tell me what the interest rate is going to be in 6 or 9 months, I could give you a better idea. But I don't think anybody knows that. 
Steven Weber: And Manav, the business has changed a lot from the days when we had -- when we were relying on term licenses. So now a lot of the deals -- a lot of the revenue we have visibility to because of the deals are already signed, right? We're just implementing them. So we'll be standing up more of these -- the recurring revenue in the coming quarters.  So we have pretty good line of sight to that. And then there's still a lot of people who are working with from the customer success side to expand their usage. So we're far less dependent on making sure we sign deals at the end of the quarter to pull revenue in. 
Steven Weber: Yes. I mean the share count, it's anybody's guess. So we kind of try to leave that relatively flat because that's just kind of upside for us. The interest expense, we've actually done a pretty good job of paying down a little bit of debt on the revolver, so we're saving a little bit there.  We don't have any big plans to really pay that down. We'll probably be maintaining that debt or depending on how the market works, we're sometimes opportunistic if there's a market downturn. So we're basically planning on that to be relatively flat, but we'll react as we always do, depending on what the market conditions look like. 
