Steve Weber: Thank you, Rob. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining FICO's fourth quarter earnings call. I'm Steve Weber, Head of Investor Relations, and I'm joined today by CEO, Mark Greene; and CFO, Mike Pung. You'll find on the Investor Relations portion of the FICO website a copy of today's news release, our Regulation G Disclosure schedule and our financial highlights. While our press release describes financial results compared to the prior year, today, management will also discuss results in comparison to the prior quarter to facilitate understanding of the run rate of our business. Certain statements made in this presentation may be characterized as forward looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve many uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning these uncertainties is contained in the company's filings with the SEC, in particular, in the Risk Factors and Forward-looking Statements portions of such filings. Copies are available from the SEC, from the FICO website or from our Investor Relations team. In order to provide additional information to investors, we will use certain non-GAAP financial measures on this call. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, entitled Regulation G Disclosure, is available on the Investor page of our website under the Presentations tab. A replay of this webcast will be available through December 2, 2011. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark Greene.
Steve Weber: Thanks, Mark. This concludes our prepared remarks, and we're now ready to take your questions. Rob, please open the line.
Steve Weber: Thank you, Rob. As a reminder, we'll be holding an Investor Day tomorrow in conjunction with our FICO World Conference. That event will also be webcast, and the Investor page on our website has more information on that. Thank you all for joining today's call.
Michael J. Pung: Nandan, it's Mike here. I wouldn't say any of them are really macro conditions. We just frankly had several very, very large deals this quarter that drove a lot of the bookings growth that you see in the numbers. And we also had a lot of exceptionally midsized deals, if you will. And so the overall volume of deals is roughly the same. The big whales were really more limited to several that are very large in size.
Michael J. Pung: So I would say we're expecting free cash flow to grow somewhere between 5% to 10% next year. First quarter, we have some CapEx expenditures that I was expecting to have in the fourth quarter that will probably hit in the first quarter for a data center rebuild. So overall, that puts free cash flow for the year, next year to be somewhere around $125 million to $130 million range [indiscernible] about those numbers.
Michael J. Pung: Yes, you are correct. We were quite aggressive in the month of October. Our stock price took a dip, and we went in and picked up 1.4 million shares as I made in my comment. So we started the year quite aggressive. We're just over 35.5 million shares as we sit today, and we've modeled in at least for now some modest buyback over the remaining course of the quarter. And that's why we've guided shares at roughly 35 million. We'll continue to buy opportunistically as the year goes on, but we started out, I would say, with a bang.
Michael J. Pung: Well, we're not making any further cuts in R&D. I mean, we have basically brought our R&D spend down to roughly 8% in the fourth quarter. And for the year, we were somewhere around 9% to 10%. And then I think it's pretty safe to say on a go-forward basis that 9% to 10% is where we're continuing to run the R&D line. We're not cutting back on any of our investment. In fact, we think we're investing in all the right areas across the portfolio to drive our growth for next year, but I would suggest you model it out around 9% to 10%.
Michael J. Pung: Yes, so we roughly have about 28% to 30% of our revenue coming out of the EMEA region, most of it coming out of Western Europe. We have a fair amount of recurring revenue that's been driven from Falcon and TRIAD installations that have been in our baseline business for many years. I would say where probably the biggest risk is, is signing new deals, license deals. In our view, the baseline seems pretty solid, but the timing of new deals in particular is probably less clear than it was 3 months ago.
Michael J. Pung: So net new revenue in any particular quarter for our EMEA region can run anywhere $5 million to $8 million, plus or minus. So that's the sort of variability we would be talking about, some percentage of that number.
Mark N. Greene: Nandan, it's Mark. Well, we actually had 18% growth in our Asia business, so they had a record quarter last quarter, and China's an important part of that growth story. So I think, particularly, our China expansion is going well. We are in the early stages of a similar expansion in Russia, where I expect to be able to report similar progress in the near future.
Mark N. Greene: Manav, it's Mark. I think we like what we're still seeing and especially at the front end of the life cycle. So you're correct that the PreScore or what we sometimes call acquisition Scores continues to have healthy growth there. We saw 18% growth in that part of the business. Originations is also growing, and that's the next phase, although not as strongly. It was a 2% growth. We have not yet seen that translate on a year-over-year basis into growth on account management. Although in the last couple of quarters, account management, which is the next phase of the life cycle, has begun to come up as well, so there's some early evidence that if you will that pig is moving through the python in the fashion that we hope to see it. But there remains quite a bit of livelihood and activity at the front end of the life cycle, which is encouraging. And if that's sustained, I'm feeling increasingly confident about what will happen later in the life cycle. The caveat in my remarks about fiscal '12 is that when I look out at the macro environment, I still see [indiscernible] around housing and unemployment. So while our Scoring business is holding up well and showing signs of life, it will require a sustained economic recovery that we don't quite yet see before I will feel more bullish about the prospects for B2B Scores.
Mark N. Greene: That's correct. We've taken what I hope will prove to be a conservative view that our Scores business will be essentially flat overall for the coming year. As I say, I hope that's the floor on what actually happens, and I hope I can report upside progress against that. But you're exactly right. The 3% to 4% growth that we're projecting is substantially driven from Apps and Tools.
Mark N. Greene: Carter, it's Mark. One additional comment I'd offer is we're far enough into the buildout of our next-generation applications that we’re in some sense sort of over a hump that we climbed over in the past year. And so I agree with Mike's comment that 9% or 10% is probably the right number, but you'd be surprised how much we can get done with that level of spend given the infrastructure we've already poured and the retooling of most of our major applications that’s already taken place.
Mark N. Greene: We haven't yet seen lengthening of deal times. I would say that in the last 30, 45 days, we've seen, especially in Europe, increased skittishness from consumers. No deals have been pulled. All deals continue to progress through the pipeline. But as we get down to the short straws of sort of deal signing and so on, they're checking their checkbook twice. They're running through extra review processes, or they may be poised to do so. And so we stay in close contact, especially in certain European countries where we have big ambitions over the next couple of months because the nervousness in Europe is growing, and that could be a risk factor to worry about on a go-forward basis here. The risk profile here in the states is also elevated, but not distinctly more so than it's been earlier this year. It remains a nervous environment, but I wouldn't say it's more so than it was 2 or 3 quarters ago. Europe is a different story. Europe's become more nervous.
Mark N. Greene: And I think Mike's right. It's timing. It's when, not if, in our discussions with those customers. They're very committed to going forward with the projects, some of them quite substantial that we've been tracking for some months. But will it close in December or January or March? There's a little bit of wait-and-see taking place, but nobody has suggested to us that they're taking deals off the table.
