Steve Weber: Thank you, Wesley. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining FICO's Third Quarter Earnings Call. I'm Steve Weber, Head of Investor Relations, and I'm joined today by CEO, Mark Greene; and CFO, Mike Pung. You'll find on the Investor Relations portion of the FICO website a copy of today's news release, our Regulation G Disclosure schedule and our financial highlights. While our press release describes financial results compared to the prior year, today, management will also discuss results in comparison to the prior quarter in order to facilitate understanding of the run rate of our business. Certain statements made in this presentation may be characterized as forward looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve many uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning these uncertainties is contained in the company's filings with the SEC, in particular, in the Risk Factors and Forward-looking Statements portions of such filings. Copies are available from the SEC, from the FICO website or from our Investor Relations team. In order to provide additional information to investors, we will use certain non-GAAP financial measures on this call. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, entitled Regulation G Disclosure, is available on the Investor page of our website under the Presentations tab. A replay of this webcast will be available through September 3, 2011. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark Greene.
Steve Weber: Thanks, Mark. This concludes our prepared remarks and we're ready now take your questions. Wesley, please open the lines.
Steve Weber: Thank you, Wesley. As a reminder, we'll be holding an Analyst Day on November 3 in New York in conjunction with our FICO World Conference, so we hope to see you at that. This concludes our call today. Thank you all for joining.
Michael Pung: Thanks, Mark. I want to emphasize 3 points in my prepared comments today. First, revenue growth remains a high priority for the organization. And despite this quarter's soft license revenue results, we are confident that we're investing in the right areas to drive growth over the long term. Second, we delivered significant improvement in operating leverage and free cash flow during the quarter and will continue to manage our expenses wisely. Finally, we'll be reaffirming our guidance for the current fiscal year. Mark has discussed our revenue results by segment, so I'll provide some additional comments as it relates to specific aspects of our business. Revenue for the quarter was $151 million. By region, this quarter, 75% of total revenue was derived from the Americas region versus 73% in the prior quarter. Our EMEA region generated 18% of our revenue compared to 20% in the prior quarter and the remaining 7% was from Asia-Pacific, both this quarter and prior. Recurring revenue, derived from transactional and maintenance sources for the quarter, represented 74% of total revenues versus 73% in the prior quarter. Consulting and implementation revenues were 20% of total versus 18% in the prior quarter, and license revenues were 6% of total revenue versus 9% in the prior quarter. We expect license revenues as a percent of total revenue to increase in the fourth quarter.  Turning to bookings, we generated $12 million of current period revenue on bookings of $50 million or a 24% yield. This compares with $17 million of revenue on bookings of $58 million, a 29% yield in the prior quarter. The weighted average term for our bookings was 19 months, both this quarter and last.  Of the $50 million in bookings, 36% related to our Fraud Management products, 20% related to Tools, 11% to collections and recovery products. We had 10 bookings in excess of $1 million, one of which exceeded $3 million. Transactional and maintenance bookings were 34% of total bookings this quarter versus 29% in the prior quarter. Professional services bookings were 46% this quarter versus 48% in the prior quarter. And finally, license bookings were 19% this quarter versus 23% in the prior quarter. Turning to operating expenses. Excluding the restructuring charge from last quarter, this quarter life [ph] the operating expenses were $113 million, down about $9 million from the prior quarter. The decline was primarily related to the savings from the cost restructuring we announced and the timing of certain expenses tied to lower revenue. We expect that the current quarter represents the full benefit of the restructuring and that expenses will likely trend up slightly as revenue grows. As you can see on our Reg G schedule, non-GAAP operating margin before amortization, stock-based comp and restructuring was 28% for the third quarter compared to 24% in the prior quarter. GAAP net income was $23 million and the effective tax rate was about 27% for the quarter, which included a favorable tax settlement. We expect effective tax rate to be about 30% in quarter 4. On to free cash flow. We define free cash flow as cash from operations less CapEx and dividends paid. The free cash flow for the quarter was $41 million or 27% of revenue compared to $22 million or 14% of revenue in the prior quarter. Year-to-date, our free cash flow is $94 million compared to $69 million over the same period last year.  Moving on to the balance sheet. We still have $259 million in cash and marketable securities on the balance sheet, basically flat from last quarter as our operating cash flow offset the share repurchases. Our total debt stands at $504 million, with a weighted average interest rate of 6.1%, and our total cost of debt is about $8 million per quarter. The ratio of our total net debt to adjusted EBITDA is 1.8x, well below the covenant level of 3x, and our total fixed charge coverage ratio is 3.6x, well above the covenant level of 2.5x. We have no borrowings under our line of credit facility and still anticipate that we will refinance it before it matures in late October.  During the quarter, we repurchased 1.2 million shares at a total cost of $35.2 million or about $28.84 per share and still have $122 million remaining under our current board authorization. We continually evaluate the best way to deploy excess cash to maximize shareholder value and consider our share repurchase plan a very attractive use of our cash flow. We also regularly evaluate and consider opportunities to acquire relevant technologies or products that advance our strategy and strengthen our portfolio and competitive position. With that, I'll turn it now back to Mark.
Michael Pung: Carter, this is Mike Pung. So couple of major deals that we were expecting to get closed in the third quarter but didn't. And they really range from term license deals in our Tools business and in the Applications business and in particular, deals related to our Falcon product and our Debt Manager products. They're deals that we've been working on for some time. They were well into the selling process and each one had a little bit of a different story behind why we didn't bring them to closure at the end of the month. We've seen some good luck, actually, since July 1 in getting a number of them signed and it gives us some increased confidence in being able to hit the guidance numbers that we've described.
Michael Pung: Yes, that's exactly right. I mean, what we fell short on, roughly the $5 million that Mark referred to in his comments this quarter, we'd see picking that up in our fourth quarter, but that would not be kind of the traditional sequential quarter run rate of revenue growth. It's simply a timing of license deals.
Michael Pung: You'll probably see it on the COGS side and then a little bit in SG&A, maybe a $1 million or $2 million increase in our fourth quarter and going forward. Some of it was a matter of timing on period expenses that did not occur in third quarter that we expect to see in the fourth quarter. Other parts of it are the timing where we spend money with respect to our myFICO direct marketing dollars. We had a light quarter in digital marketing spend this quarter. And that's part of what drove the expenses down and that will probably normalize itself out over next quarter and beyond. But we're talking a couple million dollars, not a lot more.
Michael Pung: Yes, there was. We actually -- I mentioned earlier we had a favorable tax settlement with one of the state jurisdictions here in the U.S. And it went back to some pretty old periods. They sent us a check and it included a couple million dollars of interest. And we don't book interest income on tax settlements until received. So there's about a $1.8 million to $2 million credit in the interest line item that's nonrecurring.
Michael Pung: Let me take a look. That was a suite -- well, that was a traditional product sale. And give me a second, I'll tell you exactly where it was at. It was in our Tools business.
