William J. Lansing: Thanks, Mike. It's now been 3 years since I became the CEO of FICO. At that time, I talked about the strong IP of the company and the exceptional talent the company has to help solve our customers' most difficult problems. My goal then was to find ways to unlock some of the potential that I believe was still untapped. I'm now convinced that we're beginning to see that promise realized. Our FICO Score brand, which was long thought to be a mature product pegged to the U.S. GDP, is once again poised to deliver meaningful growth for the business. The cloud versions of our applications opened up new markets and can provide a new source of recurring revenues. And our Decision Management suite has the opportunity to change the way businesses of all sizes and across all industries use analytics to make better decisions. It's a special time in the history of FICO. We're focused, as always, on execution, yet when we pause at times like this to review where we've been, where we are today and where we're headed, we realize that the future holds a lot of promise for FICO and for our shareholders. I'll turn the call now back to Steve for Q&A.
William J. Lansing: Well, as you know, we have large, mature franchises, and bringing up new products is not a super speedy thing. We have kind of a longer-term view of our investment horizon and when those products will fully mature. For example, Decision Management suite, which we started several years ago, is just now this year becoming really commercially interesting. And in the coming years, it will be a significant contributor. But right now, it's still not moving the needle dramatically. We don't have a specific metric around percentage of revenue that have to come from new products. But we continue to pour investment into developing those new products. Our R&D is up this quarter to -- up nearly 2 points versus the year-ago period, and you see that reflected in kind of the case of what's coming out of our product and technology organization. The other place where we're seeing it is in the speed of releases. We're releasing -- I hesitate to call them updates. We're releasing additional features and functionality to our existing products at an ever faster clip, and I think you have to put that in the category of innovation. And certainly we're putting a lot of our investment energy into improving our existing products and franchises.
William J. Lansing: I'd say that's part of it but it's not all of it. So when you think what our SaaS business, it falls into 3 categories. There's our applications available in the cloud, which definitely opens up new potential markets and new customers and faster implementation and sometimes lower pricing. So that's one kind. Another is our debt trust, CCS area, where it's really a pure SaaS offering that's growing very nicely. And sometimes, it's sold standalone and more often it's sold in conjunction with some of our other products. And then third is kind of the new stuff coming along with Decision Management platform, where our customers have a choice of buying it on-premise or in the cloud, and increasingly we're seeing interest in the cloud offering, the cloud version. So it's all 3.
William J. Lansing: It's really not designed to the customer acquisition program. I mean, our goal with Open Access was to create a lot of transparency. I mean, I think over the last several years, there has been some amount of confusion in the marketplace about FICO Scores versus, what, credit scores, and particularly versus credit scores that are not really used for lending decisions. And so our goal with Open Access was to make sure that consumers had access to the score on which the decision was being made. And fortunately, that program has come together and we have a lot of support from banks and it provides all this consumer transparency. Consumers can now see what's going on. And it's good for the banks, too. It was never really designed for customer acquisition. And I wouldn't even call it about brand building. It's more about cleaning up consumer confusion. Now we strongly believe that as the market recognizes where FICO Score is relative to other so-called education scores, other kinds of credit scores, we think that there'll be follow-on beneficial effects from that, and that goes to education programs and other kind of things that we can monetize. But monetization was definitely not the goal of Open Access. As it relates to myFICO -- I'll turn it over to Jim Wehmann and let him also speak to this. But as it relates to myFICO, myFICO is an industry-leading credit report monitoring offering. And to the extent there's some spillover effect, that's a terrific thing, but it's not -- I wouldn't call it meaningful. It's not what the intent was. Jim, I'll pass it to you and you might want to speak to some of those things.
William J. Lansing: There is. Our current guidance does include our views about the Experian deal. And so I don't expect incremental there. Do we expect more to come from the industry and from other players over time? Yes. And we think that -- we're really delighted to have started this program with the premier player in credit report monitoring business and to go out to the marketplace with real FICO Scores together with Experian. As the world, as consumers, as everyone is sensitized to the difference between FICO Scores and other scores, we think there'll be more interest in incorporating FICO Scores into these credit report monitoring products. And so there could be some benefits down the road that are not in our guidance, but those are further out.
Michael J. Pung: Well, Manav, I think that the numbers are going to be pretty straightforward along the most variable lines. I'd say the only maybe slight anomaly we also had this quarter that will normalize itself out was our cost of revenue line item on the PL was a little higher this quarter. And that's more attributed to a couple of very large projects where we're utilizing some pretty heavy outside fees and outside costs. And we expect that to average itself out a little bit and reduce itself over the course of time and over the course of the year. The only other, I guess, point to make is that with the acquisition of TONBELLER, their heavy quarter for them, usually in their revenue cycle, is the quarter ended December. And so if you take the $10 million of revenue that we're suggesting in our guidance revision coming from TONBELLER, probably a little more than 1/3 of it, because we have 3 quarters, will come in our September quarter and you can't just annualize that. It's more heavily weighted towards the December quarter, which of course won't be in our numbers. So you can kind of spread that out with a little bit more of that revenue and the related expenses in the September quarter.
Michael J. Pung: Well, there was a little bit, as a result of some of the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. Nothing that large and, therefore, we didn't report it out. We denominate a lot of our contracts, especially the legacy ones in U.S. dollars, and so the impact for us when the exchange rate moves dramatically is maybe not quite as big as it is for others.
Michael J. Pung: Yes. I think the place we're seeing most of the market opportunity is coming in 3 areas: Our Collections and Recovery offering, our Originations Manager offering and our Marketing offering. Those 3 or 2 of the 3 have historically been on-premise software, the first 2. And more and more of the discussions we're having with our customers are around offering that on the cloud. I would say in addition to that, we're starting to see accelerating interest in the Decision Management platform, which we, of course, offer both on-premise and in the cloud. And most of the deals this quarter on the DMP happened to be on-premise, but we're starting certainly to see more willing to consider a cloud version of that product also.
Michael J. Pung: Yes, I'd be happy to take that, Bill. So year-over-year, Will is right, we would be roughly flat in terms of dollar revenue. In terms of where the volumes are shifting, more of the volumes were shifting year-over-year towards prescreen or acquisition scores, as well as account management scores with a little bit less around originations. That's sequentially, I should say. Year-over-year, we saw a little bit higher origination Scores versus the prior year. And so when you look at the actual volumes, sequentially, they're up about 4% and pricing is down slightly because of the mix shift.
Michael J. Pung: Yes, nothing is going on in the environment. I mean, bookings tends to be a function of how many large deals we've signed at any given quarter. And frankly, we had a big revenue and a big booking quarter in quarter 3 and 4 last year and it was fairly light this quarter because of the timing of transactions. And so we view that as lumpy, heavy and lumpy, much like we view license revenue as being lumpy.
Michael J. Pung: Yes. The bridge to that is quite simple. I mean, we had a very -- we had an average quarter, if you will, on license revenue, and we anticipate in the back half of the year license revenue to pick up by virtue of term licenses that are scheduled to renew and just new deals that we'll sign. And we expect Scores revenue to pick up, which of course is 100% royalty margins. And those tend to offset what is typically kind of lower margin services revenue. And this quarter, as I mentioned in particular, we had a couple of very large contracts that provided the headwind on the gross margins of the company.
Michael J. Pung: Yes. We exited the quarter, so on December 31, with 31.7 million shares outstanding. And the diluted share count, which of course takes into account options in RSUs, was at about 33 -- slightly over 33 million shares. But our actual share counts 31.7 million and declined, of course, with the purchases we did in January.
Michael J. Pung: Yes. We've been growing our Tools business roughly teens, low teens, over the past several years. There really was no true-up per se. We had several large deals that hit this quarter. So it's kind of hard to include or exclude any one deal and try to do a what-if. So we grew 19% and that's the number.
