William J. Lansing: It is, Manav. Credit card is the biggest side. We did see most of the volume increases last quarter derived from auto and mortgage originations as we described. Credit card is hanging in there. It's not growing quite at the same rate. Definitely, it was growing in the prior quarter. But basically, it's remaining about flat on a quarter-over-quarter basis.
William J. Lansing: No, there's no reason to believe that. I mean, the credit card business does drive a large part of the volumes. And overall, it continues to drive a large part. It's simply a matter of when some of the marketing activities find their way into the originations cycle, as we talked about historically.
William J. Lansing: Yes. So the way it's different, I'll start with that. The way it's different is it was a project that was done to evaluate some broader economic models across historical set of portfolios within a large bank, as opposed to using the Score in its historical form to render credit. So it was a somewhat of a one-time project. It might be recurring in nature, but it was a very major undertaking for our customer. And that required our customer to pull a significant number of Scores and compare the results over a year-to-year period. The size of the deal, why we don't quantify any specific deals for any client, it was a 7-figure deal. And it did drive the majority of the growth on a year-over-year basis in our B2B business.
William J. Lansing: It's a good question and a fair question. I think you have to take a hard look at what we've done here and it's really -- if you look at it, what we're really doing is a lot of internal succession. So like Gordon, who's taking over the revenue operation from Charlie Ill at the end of the year. He's an internal guy who's done a fabulous job for us. He's been with us since 2005. And so that's a very smooth kind of a transition. And Charlie will be with us through the end of the year. On the technology side, technology and product, we have a good portion to put Stuart Wells into that role and, besides his very impressive external credentials, he has been helping us internally for the last 2 years over on the professional services side. But his real background is on the product and technology side. And so we're pretty fortunate to be able to promote from within. And I would say that I'm very proud of the team that we have, and I'm really excited about the way it's coming together and coalescing. I think we've got the people we need to go get some of the opportunity ahead of us. I can't say there will never be another change, but we're pretty happy with the team that we have.
William J. Lansing: I don't think you should look for big changes. I think what we have is -- if you go through our -- the portfolio of things that we have, on the Scores side, we have new leadership with Jim Wehmann and we have an existing Scores team that's very strong. And I think with the combination of the 2, the fresh leadership with Jim, as well as the very strong people we already have, sets us up for growth in that business. And we're optimistic -- cautiously optimistic about growth in that business. On the application side, you -- I'm sure you know the status of our products. We have a bunch of new products in the market that are, after years of work, are finally ready for prime time and are now being deployed. They're being sold into the big customers. And so operationally, what we have to do is continue to work them up there, get them implemented. And we're pretty optimistic about the way that's all going. Falcon was kind of the introduction last year. And this year, we're on Originations Manager and Debt Manager. We have new products. IFM is in the sense a new product and Retail Action Manager, again, in the sense a new product, and gaining traction. Action Manager is getting a lot of traction actually. And so, again, operationally, how do we organize ourselves internally to deliver to the market what it really wants, where there's clearly an appetite for it. We're working on those things. But I don't anticipate any dramatic changes operationally.
William J. Lansing: I would say that 1 year or 2 ago, we made acquisitions -- small technology, tuck-in acquisitions. And we absolutely remain interested in doing that. Wherever we can find technology that we're going to acquire at a fair price that advances kind of a bigger strategic initiative, we do it. We tend to do it. We did it to support our Tools business with cash not long ago. And I could foresee doing that in the future. That said, we are really in love with our own prospects. And we are -- we're quite -- we like where we're positioned. And so in terms of investing in ourselves, relative to investing in others, that's a hard call to take the money and put it into -- meaningful money into acquisitions. That's not to say we'll never do it. It just has to -- it has to meet a high threshold. And so are we more interested in doing it than in the past? Where there's opportunities, we're going to do it. And we're going to continue to hold them to this high standard. It's got to be at least as good as investing in ourselves.
William J. Lansing: Yes. TRIAD volumes had declined historically through the recession as credit card accounts were being closed. And we're starting to -- the volume levels were getting smaller. We had a couple of very large deals that we signed in the second quarter with end-users for TRIAD and they're signed under license arrangements. And we actually had a very strong TRIAD quarter, and we have a lot of interest in TRIAD and markets outside the U.S. right now in our pipeline.
William J. Lansing: It is a very immediate problem. In fact, we've issued a press release, I think over the course of the last quarter, that quantified the number of potential homes that are under water. And risk strategic default and the number is greater than 10 million. I don't remember exactly what. But it's greater than 10 million mortgages out there. We're working with over a handful of customers right now, validating the quality of the Score and sharing that the proof of value meets the criteria that they're looking for. And we would anticipate, sometime in the future, that banks will begin to adopt the Score. But right now, we're going through the validation cycle.
Michael J. Pung: Yes, sure. So if you're taking about the Insurance Fraud Manager application from the -- about a year ago when we delivered it, we're gaining good traction with it. We are up and live, had our largest processor, Emdeon. They're starting to sign up new customers. We are starting to see some revenue flow in from Emdeon and, of course, we have about 6 or 7 direct customers from it. During the quarter, there were no particular large deals that we signed on the IFM side, but we have a very strong pipeline. And I would expect to see something come through in the back half of the year.
Michael J. Pung: We actually still have $34 million remaining under that buyback plan. Some of the shares we bought back this quarter were under an old authorization. So there's still $34 million left under the current door plan. And our board discusses allocation of capital, including our buyback plan at all of their meetings, and we have an upcoming board meeting. And I imagine it'll be a topic.
Michael J. Pung: Origination -- Carter, Origination and Account Manager were both up on a year-over-year basis, and that was somewhat of an offset on the pre-screen side, which can come in more lumpy forms when marketing initiatives are gone. So when you net all that all out, the kind of the baseline Scores business is up slightly. And it was furthered by some of the project work I described.
Michael J. Pung: We do. We have a third client, and we expect them to be on live towards the latter part of this quarter. Implementation is well under way. It's going very well. And we're scheduled to go live with them this quarter, as we had planned in the beginning.
Michael J. Pung: One of the things that happened this last quarter is we had a -- actually at the end of the year, we had a cross-sell to an existing customer to a broader part of their portfolio. And that went live towards the latter part of our second quarter, starting to gain additional volumes, if you will, from that effort. So the product is coming along very well. It's working very well for the customers that we have it installed for, and our pipeline remains pretty good for us as well.
Michael J. Pung: Well, our ability to scale on the Scores side is more challenging because of the distribution footprint we have for Scores. But once we begin to even scale modestly on Scores products, like strategic default or medication inheritance, they carry very high margins. So even small amounts of revenue can drive a lot of leverage from those products. But right now, within our current guidance numbers, we don't have any dramatic shifts in the revenue related to those new products. As it relates to the application side, Retail Action Manager tends to drive very strong revenue. And when we have our third client go live in the third quarter, I think we'll see some noticeable increase in revenue, probably at lower margins than you would in Scores. But we'll see some revenue growth on that end. In the Insurance Fraud Manager, to some degree, is tightly tied to our partners' ability to market and sell those products into their own customer base. So I would say, in terms of rank order, Retail Action Manager will see more immediate lift in revenue and behind that, will come the other products.
