Michael J. Pung: Thanks, Will. Good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll emphasize three points in my comments. First, we delivered $207 million of revenue, flat with last year, due to fewer upfront license deals but with a 9% increase in recurring revenue. Second, we had $132 million of bookings this quarter, much of it transactional, which will generate around $12 million to $15 million of annual recurring revenue beginning next year. Finally, we delivered $0.72 of GAAP EPS and $1.09 of non-GAAP EPS, which is an increase of 20% year-over-year, driven from growth in our Scores revenue and improving margins in our Implementation Services. Now, I'll begin by breaking the revenue down into our three segments. Starting with applications, revenues were $122 million, up 1% sequentially but down 9% versus the same period last year. This decrease was due to a decline in license revenue this quarter. The prior year included two large term license agreements with upfront revenue associated with them. As we continue to sell more cloud-based deals, our transaction-based applications bookings and revenue will continue to grow. This quarter, application bookings were up 112%, versus the same period last year. In the Tools segment, revenues were $24 million, up 4% versus the prior year. We continue to invest in sales and distribution in order to drive growth in this part of the business. Finally, we had our largest Scores quarter ever, with revenue of $61 million, up 22% from the same period last year. On the B2B side, we're up 14% from last year. In the Consumer Scores revenue, we're up 42% from the same quarter last year. As a reminder, our agreement with Experian will lap in our third quarter, making for tougher comps going forward. Looking at revenues by region, this quarter, 74% of total revenue were derived from the Americas. Our EMEA region generated 19%, and the remaining 7% was from Asia Pacific. Recurring revenues derived from transactional and maintenance sources for the quarter represented 73% of total revenue. Consulting and implementation revenues were 19% of total, and license revenues were 8% of total revenue. We signed a record amount of bookings this quarter, at $132 million, up 67% from the prior-year quarter. We generated $18 million of current period revenues on those bookings for a yield of 13%, which means we've built a significant amount of revenue that will be recognized in later periods. This quarter's bookings should drive $12 million to $15 million of new annual recurring revenues, starting next year. The weighted average term for our bookings this quarter was 55 months, reflecting the large multi-year agreements we signed in comparison to prior periods. Operating expenses totaled $168 million this quarter, compared to $169 million in the prior quarter. Entering the year, we restructured our expenses in order to reinvest the savings in sales and distribution of our products. We expect the rate and pace of these investments to grow in the back half of the year proportionately with the growth in our pipeline and associated revenue from our new products, and as we incur the implementation costs associated with the deals that we have booked to date. As you can see in our Reg G schedule, our non-GAAP operating margin was 27% for the second quarter and 26% year to date. We expect that operating margin to be in the 26% to 28% for the full year. GAAP net income this quarter was $23 million, up 23% from the prior year, and non-GAAP net income was $35 million for the quarter, up 18% from the same quarter last year. The effective tax rate was about 28% this quarter, and we still expect the effective tax rate to be about 28% to 30% for the full year of fiscal year 2016. The free cash flow for the quarter was $34 million, compared to $37 million in the prior year. For the trailing 12 months, free cash flow was $143 million, up 17% from the previous periods. Turning to the balance sheet, we had $85 million in cash at the end of the quarter. Our total debt is $611 million, with a weighted average interest rate of 4.3%. The ratio of our total net debt to adjusted EBITDA is 2.3 times, well below the covenant level of 3 times. During the quarter, we returned $40 million in excess cash to our investors, by repurchasing 420,000 shares at an average price of $95.26. Year-to-date, we have returned substantially all of our free cash flow to the shareholder. We still have $51 million remaining on the latest board authorization, and continue to view share repurchases as an attractive use of cash. We also continue to actively evaluate opportunities to acquire relevant technologies and products that advance our strategy and strengthen our portfolio and competitive position. Finally, we are reiterating our previously provided guidance for the full fiscal year. With that, I'll turn it back over to Will for some final comments.
Michael J. Pung: Sure, Manav. So the 14% was driven primarily from across-the-board volume increases in what we call the lifecycles of how we sell the scores, so ranging from prescreened to new account openings through account management. Across the board, the range grew somewhere in that 10% to 14%. We did have a one-time true-up of a prior-year number that was relatively minor and even if you back that out, we were still – are a high-single digit growth across the Scores business.
Michael J. Pung: Well, on the B2B side, that would continue to be a very ambitious number for us to see, and it is really dependent upon continued health in the consumer lending that's going on in the U.S. This is probably the fourth quarter in a row where we've had high-single digit or greater. And it's hard to predict whether that trend stays there for the next couple of quarters, but so far, reports are coming in quite strong.
Michael J. Pung: Yes, so there were two thoughts, Manav. The first thought was, we signed a second deal to distribute our FICO Score for a fee through a distributor. It's not a bureau, it's a – other kind of participant in the marketplace who uses scores and reports as a central part of their business model.
Michael J. Pung: That deal was signed, and it's beginning to get tested and will be rolled out towards the end of our fiscal year. So our first meaningful revenue will begin to hit next fiscal year for us on that. And the second thought is the one that Will talked about, which is expanding the use of the FICO Score beyond a limited use for Open Access, providing a free score and a couple of reason codes. This would be providing that type of information to non-customers for things like pre-qualification and other activities. The testing that we're doing in that area and that we plan to do are not for free; they're for service fee.
Michael J. Pung: Okay. None of the bookings this quarter, though, came from FICO World. FICO World was last week, so...
Michael J. Pung: Brett, I think it's safe to say that DMS has made us a fairly new and unique vendor in these kinds of offerings, wherein the past we likely wouldn't have made the final cut on it, and now we're seeing wins.
Michael J. Pung: Yeah. I'll be happy to do that. So all-in or all of our cloud business, which includes some of our legacy managed services business, so all-in our cloud business is around 22% of our total revenue, growing at about an 8% rate. If I put the managed services piece off to the side, which is on a small decline, the other parts of the business, which include products like Adeptra, Origination and Debt Manager on a cloud, examples that Will had given here, that's growing in the mid-teens, and in some cases greater than that. As a percent of bookings year-to-date, so halfway through the year, about one-third of our bookings are actually coming from cloud-related deals that we have signed over the past six months. And looking at our pipeline, we expect that to continue to be a pretty solid percent going forward as well.
Michael J. Pung: No. I'll give you ballpark. We haven't given that in the past. Give me a quick minute. I would say it's probably more like one-third managed services, one-third Adeptra, one-third the other Fair Isaac cloud – FICO Analytic cloud-type offerings, roughly.
Michael J. Pung: Yeah. Well, so we're sticking with our guidance for the full year. And what that would imply is that you'll see a step-up in our spend beginning in quarter three and into quarter four, kind of commensurate with the revenue ramp-up that we have built in to the plan for the back half of the year as well. There is a few things that are driving the ramp-up and the expenses. I'd say the main one is the hiring that we have done on the sales side. Since the beginning of the year, we've added about 48 salespeople across various parts of the company, and they have been layered in over the last six months with many of them coming in, in the last three months. And so you'll start to see a full quarter's worth of salary and commission expense associated with that hiring. We also held FICO World, which is kind of a one-time expense you'll see in our third quarter, from our last week's event. That's a fairly expensive event for us. And in addition to that, with the sizable bookings that we've done, there is a fair amount of implementation costs that are going to begin to hit our cost-to-revenue, along with the top-line implementation revenue. It will scale as the revenue does. So there'll be a noticeable increase in the back half of the year expenses for kind of those reasons and to the degree we continue to find a few good salespeople.
William J. Lansing: Thanks, Mike. Halfway through our fiscal 2016, I'm pleased with the progress we're making on several fronts. Our Scores business is delivering record revenues, and we're pursuing additional growth opportunities as we expand into new markets and distribution channels. On the software side, the last few years have been an innovation renaissance at FICO. Our technologies have been refreshed, expanded and cloud-enabled, to serve a broadening market that's eager to use analytics to make more precise decisions more quickly. We've made substantial progress in the last five years, but I believe the best is ahead of us. We're on the cusp of a revolution, as companies everywhere look for ways to use data and analytics to automate and improve their decisioning. This is the promise that FICO was founded on 60 years ago. And with our portfolio of industry-leading technologies, we're better positioned than ever to deliver on that promise. With that, I'll turn it back to Steve for Q&A.
William J. Lansing: Yeah, it's not non-lenders, it's to non-customers. So the thought there is, our Open Access program is to share scores with our customers' customers. And so this is more in the category of acquiring new customers, so it's a little bit of an exploration of a new business model for us.
William J. Lansing: Well, I don't know there is anything to model yet, but we have our toe in the water, is a way to think about it. And I think it looks promising, and we'll have to see over the coming quarters, whether this turns into a new line of business for us or not. It's new for us, so we're exploring it.
William J. Lansing: Well, I would say, they're related but not really related. So the FICO World is a huge event, and it's been going on for 40 years. And it's our goal for it to be the Davos of analytics. We take it ever-more seriously every year. And this year, this program that we've put on for a thousand bankers and data scientists and analysts and people focused on decisioning who come together to explore the latest and greatest in technology, was really an incredible event. Of course, a lot of business gets done at the event, and we have – the majority of the people who are at the event are our customers, and we explore ways in which we can use our technology to expand our relationship with the customers, but there is also a ton of people we have not yet done business with, and we spend a lot of time working with them on how to – again, how to use our products and solutions to move along their business. So it's – I'm not sure how to answer your question, except to say, it's a big event in its own right, and it is a big driver of business for us.
William J. Lansing: Yeah, Brett. Thanks for asking the question. It's probably worth putting a little more color around it. The deal is a very large one, in the tens of millions. It's large by any standard for us. And what's interesting for us and what I think is notable is not so much the size of it, which of course we're all delighted about, but the fact that it leverages our latest and greatest technology. So it's built on Decision Management Suite, which is our latest offering where we've taken all of our analytics, IT and put them into a platform. And the beauty of this platform is that it's incredibly flexible. It's really easy to hobble (22:52) together different pieces of functionality to have a solution that crosses a lot of different things. So in this case, yes it is a SaaS offering. It's a cloud offering. It straddles different areas of our IP, so it's originations as well as marketing solutions, and it's also outside of financial services, so it's a pretty major step in terms of diversifying beyond financial services. So on kind of a bunch of our strategic desires, this deal really is tremendous: diversification and cloud and Decision Management Suite, all at once. And then with respect to the size, Decision Management Suite is not just designed for a monster deal, it's highly flexible, and can be used for small deals as well. And so we are focused at FICO at having a pretty wide range of solutions. And singles and doubles are also terrific, and we do lots of deals for $100 million dollars and are delighted to do it. We can create a ton of value for our customers with pretty fast to implement and pretty easy to build solutions wrapped around Decision Management Suite. At the same time, the power is there to do really, really monster deals.
William J. Lansing: I think that's exactly and it's hard to predict. There is no question that the capability is there, and certainly the desire on our part to do very large deals is there. We like to do deals that are transformational for our customers, and so how frequently will these occur? Will they become a regular part of our business? I sure hope so. But I don't think you can model it. This is quite a big one.
William J. Lansing: Well, it is fully ramped, but there is more (27:13), to go because they're doing – their business is going well.
William J. Lansing: There's continue – there continue to be opportunities on the horizon, more of the same kinds of things we do with Experian potentially, and then new business models as well, so there is a pretty wide range out there.
William J. Lansing: Well, Bill – thanks. Just, Bill, just to clarify, it wasn't an affinity deal in the way we've been talking about affinity. It's a new kind of deal but it's not exactly an affinity deal. But yes, thank you, we'll take the congratulations all the same (28:34). Thanks.
William J. Lansing: Well, how to distinguish it without getting into a level of detail that we don't really want to get into. So...
William J. Lansing: No, so Bill, this is kind of maybe an off-the-radar kind of provider of credit report and credit score support organization for consumers around the U.S. And so they use scores and reports on a regular basis in coordination with the business that they do to their end-customer. And in the past, they have been using a educational score, and in order to improve their offering, they struck a deal with us to include the FICO Score. So we're not trying to be real vague on purpose, but we expect they'll be making their own announcements down the road. And we don't want to steal their thunder. On the other hand, we thought it's important to at least make our investors aware of the fact that we're continuing to make good progress in this area.
William J. Lansing: I mean, you can characterize this as an affinity deal if you wanted to, it's just not the same players that we normally think of when we go thinking about that affinity business that we've talked about in the past.
William J. Lansing: The pipeline continues to look good and we're in conversations, and some very early testing, but we're not really ready to talk about anything.
William J. Lansing: Yeah, that's exactly right. I think what you're seeing is, what you're seeing is our business is starting to blend together. So we have – you could call it cannibalization, you can call it blurring of the lines – but basically, applications and tools and DMS are all blurring together. And what you have is decisioning and analytics IT, which we have incorporated in DMS and we like to sell it that way, although we still sell tools, and you can buy Blaze Rules engine all by itself. And you can buy applications dedicated to a particular solution all by itself. But the line is getting blurrier, so you're going to continue to see some amount of cannibalization. And we're actually careful to – we don't want turf wars internally with our salespeople. We want them to go put the best solution in front of the customer. And so they'll get paid whether it's DMS, or whether it's an application, or whether it's a custom tool solution.
William J. Lansing: Yes, the one we just did. That's right, that's a good example. Although it's not the first, and we've actually done others that were large deals also, not this large, but this is not the first. We now have quite a few DMS deals behind us. It's (34:00).
William J. Lansing: Yeah. I'd say that's mostly true, although DMS works for financial services just as well. So it's both. We happen to have done more deals outside than inside the financial services to-date, but I'm not sure how it's going to be in the future. I now would expect that lots of banks would be very interested in us.
William J. Lansing: It's in test. It's been in successful test with 12 institutions and they're happy with their early returns. And so I would imagine that people are going to start turning it on. That said, I don't think that we can expect it to be a massive revenue driver any time soon. And I think we have to be realistic in our expectations. These things are long, slow build. In terms of who it applies to, we think that there is about 50 million people who were previously un-scoreable who are now scoreable with XD. So that's a pretty big TAM if you want to think about it that way. But I just think it's going to take time to build; it will ramp slowly. It's also more expensive than traditional FICO Scores, which is a little bit of a barrier.
William J. Lansing: We have thought about that. We don't have any immediate plans to do it, we've thought about it and we've been asked about it.
William J. Lansing: Matt, we're not going to break it apart, but you can probably back into it if you do a little bit of head scratching. I mean it was a very large deal.
William J. Lansing: Yeah. I mean that's – those are just a few little words, like doing models without going to the IT department, but they're pretty important words. A lot of things are going on with the Decision Management Suite, but essentially we've gotten to the point now where you can take decisions and break them down using Decision Model and Notation, and record the decision in a way that you can go back to afterwards. And so what you're doing is you're creating a knowledge repository in a business around its decisioning that opens up all kinds of possibilities. It lets you audit, it lets you go back and see what worked and what didn't work, and it gives – suddenly you're not at the mercy of whether an employee walks out the door carrying all the decisioning intelligence of the firm. The UI is quite important from a usability standpoint. So it's – when you don't have to go to IT to change things around, things get a lot easier. And that promises to be a pretty big deal for us. So I would say, yeah, that's not a trivial thing, it's a huge thing.
William J. Lansing: I wouldn't say more. Here is what I would say. I would say I wish it could be more, okay? I think we hire as many people as we can that we can bring in productively and that we think have the qualifications to sell our quite sophisticated offerings. We're probably hiring a little more slowly than we anticipated, and that's probably a little bit of wishful thinking on our part on how fast we could get people up to speed on our products and services and our IP. This is not a simple sale. This requires a really intelligent, highly-trained, sophisticated salesperson. It's a very complicative sale. We have a 270-day sales cycle, on average – now, of course, some things are much faster – but it's a different kind of sale than your average software sale. And so it's – I would say it's going more slowly than we would like. I wish we could make it go faster.
William J. Lansing: This is a telecom client. We've actually started to do a lot of work in telecom. FICO had a robust telecom business some years ago, and then telecom went through a downturn, and FICO went through a downturn, and we put a lot less focus on it. In fact we sold off some of that business. And more recently, especially with Decision Management Suite, we have offerings that are highly relevant and useful to that industry. And so we're seeing a lot of appetite both in the U.S. and overseas. And so we have quite a few telecom clients now, and that large one was a telecom deal.
William J. Lansing: I think one of the things that we're seeing that's really encouraging is that, in the past, people would – they'd have an analytics problem, a decisioning problem, they have a very high-stakes decision that needs to be made, and they'd come to us for a point solution for that kind of decisioning. It might be originations or line management and site triad (42:40) or some other kind of application decisioning. But usually some kind of point solution. And customers still think that way and buy that way. They come to you with their specific problem that we're trying to solve. But what's interesting is that with Decision Management Suite, because all of the IP is common underneath and you can do so much more than just solve a particular decision with it, what we're seeing is the discussion around deals and the scope of disillusion is expanding. And so I think the deals, they might be getting a little bit more complicated. They're certainly getting broader in function and in solution. That's a little bit different in the pipeline, but I wouldn't read too much into that. It's just early days on that but it feels good.
William A. Warmington: First of all, congratulations on the quarter. I mean with the booking and landing an affinity deal in the same quarter, congratulations. So...
William A. Warmington: So help me understand the new deal and how it differs from an affinity deal then. Maybe that would be a good place to start.
William A. Warmington: Got it. So this would be, just to – in terms of putting it into buckets, this would be more in keeping with the Experian-type relationship. I mean, I don't...
William A. Warmington: That's right. Now, on the DMS side, maybe you could give us an update in terms of the number of customers that you have there, the number of salespeople there. It sounded like the sales cycle was relatively short compared to the other parts of the business.
William A. Warmington: Okay. And so the poster child for this new way of selling, so to speak, is this large applications deal, the SaaS deal, the one – tens of millions a deal.
William A. Warmington: Okay. And then, I wanted to ask for some help in terms of the modeling, in terms of where you thought expenses were going to come out by quarter over the next couple of quarters.
