Tom Ryan: Thanks, Dave. We obviously covered a lot of ground this morning. So before opening up for questions, I thought I'd just recap some key takeaways from the call. First, when you adjust for legal accruals, we reported an in-line quarter, despite the challenges of the macroeconomy impacting the industry. Two, our operating profit guidance for the full year is unchanged for our PBM and slightly lower for our retail business in light of the cyclical trends being felt across the sector. Yet even with those challenges, we still expect a healthy 10% to 12% operating profit growth in our retail segment, excluding the legal accruals. Third, our new EPS guidance also takes into account the anticipated Aetna implementation costs and slightly higher legal costs for the remainder of the year. Fourth, we still expect to generate a significant amount of free cash flow this year, approximately $2.5 billion. Five, we are in the midst of a very successful PBM selling season. And finally, the 12-year agreement with Aetna will have significant financial and strategic benefits for our company in the near and long term. So with that, I will open it up for questions. As Nancy said earlier, Larry and Per are with us today. So they will be happy to jump in on the questions.
Tom Ryan: Well, I think they outlined it and we outlined it. They saw some value in our integrated model, that could they could touch the patients across our books of business in ways that they couldn't do previously. They are – they looked at our service levels, they looked at ways we impact their member experience, and then ultimately, the value that we bring. Think about taking the execution of the clinical protocols combined with their medical information and our pharmacy data, we can truly impact their clients and their members. So I think it was a combination of things, Eric. They saw the opportunity and then the long-range opportunity that we have to work together on some new programs. As far as opportunities, obviously, our Pharmacy Advisor program, our consumer engagement engine, we think we have opportunities around the specialty side of the business, we think we have some opportunities around Maintenance Choice. Obviously, these are all dictated by their clients and the payers, but the issue is to use our total arsenal of weapons, if you will, in the pharmacy area and the clinical area to improve patient outcomes and lower costs. So I – in a kind of a short way, that's how they thought about it, I believe.
Tom Ryan: Well, yes, Maintenance Choice is definitely part of it; it's all of it. I mean, Per can talk to the particulars, but once again, this is about going to the payer and giving the payer some options and all the options that we talked around formularies, around plan designs and that plan design includes mail, retail, Maintenance Choice, limited networks, all of the pieces of the puzzle that are out there. And Aetna, obviously, in our discussions, liked the opportunities and our ability to offer some of those services, but Maintenance Choice is definitely in.
Tom Ryan: Well, Mark, we are going up against not the seasonal flu now, but the H1N1 and we actually saw in the second quarter our flu related prescriptions actually decline at a rate that was almost 2x that of what we saw in the first quarter. And that's not something that we had anticipated in our modeling. So that's going to continue through probably up until November of this year. And I think at that point, we will cycle it.
Tom Ryan: We've had discussions for a fairly long time; actually, before Per came onboard. And then we had – and then when Per came on and then health care reform started taking shape, we had obviously some more discussions. And as I said, they looked at the landscape and looked at their options and they felt this was the best option where they could still have some control of some of the protocols and the clinical aspects of the business and then leverage our ability and our capabilities to grow the market. So they did a fairly extensive research around this and due diligence.
Tom Ryan: Yes, probably the bigger driver is the year-over-year change that we are seeing in new maintenance scripts. And we touched on the fact that there is a correlation to the unusual drop in physician visits and I think it's important to note when – as we model that, keep in mind that with maintenance scripts, there is a compounding effect as you run the risk of not seeing the refills associated with the prescription.
Tom Ryan: No. I think we are seeing that apply across our geographies and I don't see where any one market is being impacted by that anymore than another one.
Tom Ryan: We are not going to give that now, but you are right. On a top line basis, there is less coming out in '11 than '10. And perhaps when we get closer to maybe our Analyst Meeting or on the fourth quarter call, we can give you some better feel for that as we know what – how they are coming out.
Tom Ryan: Okay. Thank you all for joining us today. And as always, if you have any questions, you can contact Nancy Christal. Thanks a lot.
Larry Merlo: No. Eric, I think Tom summed that up pretty well. And the issues that we outlined this morning, again, we think are cyclical in nature and we are pretty pleased with where we are at with the initiatives, both in the front-end of our business, things like our clustering efforts that we've initiated in our urban stores first and – as well as the strategy that we have with consumables. And then you look at some of the initiatives that we have in the pharmacy around our adherence programs and the fact that completing our RxConnect rollout over the next few weeks and being able to layer on top of that the engagement engine is going to help us execute those programs to an even higher level. So we think that our initiatives are well on track and I think that's what gives us the confidence going forward, recognizing that we are dealing with some cyclical headwinds.
Larry Merlo: Yes. Well, the engagement engine was rolled out in the second half of last year in the mail facilities and call centers. And as I mentioned, we are beginning the rollout in our retail stores and it is in a group of stores from a pilot perspective right now, just to make sure that we have all the bugs worked out in stores that have already completed their RxConnect rollout and we expect to roll it out more broadly over the next, probably, four to five weeks. And we'll have that complete in all of the retail stores sometime later this year.
Larry Merlo: Yes. Neil, I think that Tom alluded to this in his comments, but we continue to see improvements in sales and margins and as a result of productivity improvements, we are able to leverage and reduce our operating expenses in the stores. That being said, I think that Longs is experiencing some of the same top line pressures that we alluded to earlier. I would say that we are pretty pleased with the progress that we are making, but when you ask about accretion, we had said that Longs would probably be around $0.10. It's probably closer to $0.09, recognizing some of the top line pressures that we alluded to earlier. But we are pleased with where we are at.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Meredith. I think our front end is pretty much on par and I don't think that a lot has changed from the last time we talked about it. We still see the consumer being very cautious and looking for value and buying more on promotion and trying store brands. We are – we continue to see double-digit growth in our store brand sales and we continue to leverage extra care to help deliver that value and drive profitable sales.
Larry Merlo: Well, Meredith, I think that we've always been a very disciplined organization in terms of being able to flex our variable expenses up or down based on our trends for the business. And we are continuing to do that. At the same time, we are continuing to invest in our initiatives that we think are important for our future growth.
Larry Merlo: I'll take the H1N1 and we are really not forecasting much of a flu season for the balance of the year. We do have what I would consider to be a robust program for the latter weeks of the year that would tie to our retail stores and MinuteClinics, providing flue vaccinations as we embark upon the next flu season. And I think you will see that in the marketplace over the next couple of weeks.
Per Lofberg: Without getting into the details there, I mean, they are essentially structured in a very conventional way. It's obviously bigger and has a longer timeframe than the many PBM contracts. But it is – from the standpoint of the structure of the pricing arrangement, it's very comparable to every other PBM arrangement.
Per Lofberg: Well, we are essentially taking over the whole back-end of the mail-order pharmacy operations. They are technically keeping the pharmacy license and they are preserving certain kind of front-end functions in those pharmacies, especially clinical functions. And then we are basically handling the back-end. The Maintenance Choice option will be available to them and all of their customers, just like all of our other programs. And I think it's a fair bet that number, their customers, just like our own customers will find that an attractive way to generate cost savings and provide convenience to their members.
Per Lofberg: And obviously what's important too to Aetna in all of this is that over the span of a long-term relationship like this that they have access to very competitive terms so that when they include pharmacy programs in their offerings to their customers, they can offer that in a very competitive way compared to other issuance companies that they may be competing against.
Per Lofberg: I think it's important also to recognize that we are not buying their PBM. They are keeping their PBM and we are outsourcing certain capabilities and certain functions in all of this. But the transaction is, as a result, structured differently than might have been the case if it was a sale of a portion of their business. And quite candidly for us, that's a far preferable structure. That's the one we were aiming for and we are delighted that they agreed to the same type of structure that we were hoping for.
Per Lofberg: No, not in a kind of a trend break type of sense, Lisa. And I think it's intensively competitive like it always has and has been. But it's fundamentally very similar to the past. When plans go out for bid, they are always looking for better economics and that's a very important part of the negotiation. But I don't think there is any real significant differences this year versus any other year that I've been involved in.
Per Lofberg: Well, it depends on – it's the client, right? It's the – individual payers have individual requirements and likes and dislikes. So it's totally up to the payer, but there is certainly an opportunity. There is an opportunity in mail, right? An opportunity, whether it's Maintenance Choice or mail. I mean, as a general trend in the market that more and more customers who are interested in taking advantage of the 90-day pricing for maintenance mitigation, whether it's in mandatory mail programs or Maintenance Choice programs. So Aetna and its customers are likely to be dealing with that customer demand just as much as we are.
Per Lofberg: Well, there is a growing number of customers that are not mandatory mail customers, but that are, what we might call incentivized mail-order customers where there is – in order for this program to work, there has to be some kind of co-payment incentive for people to take advantage of that 90-day plan and that's a pretty common set of benefit designs today. So we are now dealing with a growing number of customers that are not mandatory, but that are quote, unquote, "incentivized."
Per Lofberg: Well, I think it's really two major areas. One has to do with the adjudication platforms. And we've talked about that in the past and certainly, we see a major opportunity for our company to reduce the complexity associated with operating multiple adjudication platforms. And then also on the pharma specialty and mail-order pharmacy side, we have a pretty widespread network of pharmacies around the country and we see some opportunities to basically consolidate some of that and gain efficiencies on the pharmacy side.
Per Lofberg: No. I mean, this is a pretty conventional PBM contract. Occasionally, we get into those types of opportunities down the road and that could very well happen too. But it's not part of the terms that have been – that forms a basis of this agreement right now.
Per Lofberg: No major capital expenditures to speak of. There are some implementation costs, but in terms of headcount and so on that will be required to begin this transition.
Per Lofberg: It's basically a phased implementation that will begin in January and will basically go for two years. So various aspects of the relationship will migrate over to our system in the course of that 18 to 24-month period.
Per Lofberg: I do. I mean, we have a robust pipeline of customers that are available to us for that program and that are evaluating it and that – I think we should expect to convert over the coming months.
Dave Denton: Neil, this is Dave. It's in dollar sense, and really was driven by the purchase price accounting finalization last year.
Dave Denton: My – the guidance includes our forecast for the balance of the year in inventory. I don't anticipate any significant improvement this year. I – keep in mind that really the big opportunity from my perspective is mostly on the retail inventory front. We are sitting here facing some headwinds from a top line perspective in retail. And when you have top line headwinds, it affects our inventory performance. So I think that any gains we have might be offset by the headwinds we will see on the top line. So I'm really anticipating next year being the opportunity period.
Dave Denton: It is simply the implementation timeline associated with putting that – migrating that business on to CVS Caremark.
Dave Denton: And then I guess – this is Dave. Concerning generics, just in broad terms, I think generic profitability substantially hasn't changed in the way that we think about it. I will say that as, I think, asked earlier on the call, is if you look out to the next 12 months, the generic pipeline is a bit weak. And so I think in totality, the profitability associated with generics, there are some headwinds due to the fact that that pipeline is not as robust as it has been in the past.
