Larry Merlo: Okay. Thanks, Dave. Before we open up for Q&A, just a few additional comments. As you may have seen last week, we received a second request from the DOJ for an additional information related to the Aetna transaction. And the timetable that we laid out in our initial press release back in December, as well as in our S-4 filing reflected this expectation. So things were moving along as planned, and we continue to expect the transaction will close in the second half of the 2018. In addition, the integration planning has begun, and we have assembled a team with representatives from both companies and are very pleased with how the planning process is progressing. So just wrapping up. As we move forward in '18, I do want to take a moment to thank our more than 240,000 colleagues who have worked tirelessly to move the enterprise forward and position us for our next era of growth. We've emerged from '17, a stronger company, well positioned to meet the health care challenges of tomorrow and to take advantage of the emerging opportunities in this growing and vibrant market. And we're excited to continue on our path of driving more affordable, accessible and effective care for all health care stakeholders in 2018 and beyond. So with that, let's go ahead and open it up for your questions.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Lisa, it's Larry. Lisa, I just - if we get into that, I just want to emphasize that what we're looking to do is accelerate the work that's important you know, in this CVS-Aetna [ph] combination. If you think about the role of technology and analytics and digital tools and capabilities, and as far as investments in our employees, service and capabilities, especially at retail will continue to grow an importance. And specifically, these investments will allow us to enhance the role that pharmacy technicians play, which, we believe is key to enhancing the role that pharmacy can play in overall patient care. As far as the level of investments in terms of what Dave was talking about, I would say that a lion share of that is investments into and with our employees, okay, versus in the other areas. But they're both equally important as we go forward.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Lisa, in terms of the FEP, your range is pretty much in the ballpark there. And as we talk about the health plans business, keep in mind that the selling cycle is usually a bit longer than on the employer side. So that in many respects, that's hard - late last or in the fall timeframe last year. So as you know, as we go through the year, we typically begin to quantify the selling season, as well as the renewals. So recognizing the cycles associated with the health plans, we have a better picture of what that looks like. And as we mentioned, a large percentage of our health plan clients have been renewed, okay, there are still work to be done there. And we acknowledge that as we look at RSP opportunities, at least on the health care side, health plan side, most of that is behind us at this point, which we're acknowledging that the opportunities there are not as great as we've seen the last couple of years.
Larry Merlo: George, to Dave's point, keep in mind that our historic run rate on gross capital has been in the $2 billion, $2.2 billion range. So to Dave's point and a lot of that was investments on the retail side of the business. So there is a real opportunity to repurpose much of that capital as we build out these new capabilities.
Larry Merlo: No George, you should think about these as being broader. We've made many investments on the pharmacy component to date, which we believe has paid us dividends and really, serve as a gateway in terms of how we're thinking about these broader capabilities as you think about the 2 companies coming together.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Charles. It's Larry, I'll start and I think others will jump in. It's a great question, Charles. And certainly, this combination, it enables 2 things. One, a broader expansion of the MinuteClinic footprint. Today, we've got just over 100 clinics across 33 states in the District of Columbia. But equally important is we see an opportunity to expand the breadth and the scope of practice that exists in MinuteClinic. And so there's a number of things that we're thinking about, whether it's broader management of chronic diseases is one example or even the ability to do lab draws, blood draws in the clinics. So we'll have more to say on that as we get these pilots up and running.
Larry Merlo: Well, Eric, it's Larry. And listen, I think as you're aware, these things happen, and we certainly wish Helena continued success in her new role. And I'll just acknowledge that we're going to - we're an attractive company for people to come and work at, and we'll check the external landscape, but at the same time we've got a deep bench of very talented individuals. And Kevin Hourican', who has had a number of senior level jobs in the retail business, in the supply chain, in field operations. Most recently, he leads of our Retail Pharmacy Services Group. He will take over the business reporting to Jon, and we're all confident that we're not going to miss a beat. So, you know, as you've heard us talk in the past, the retail environment is evolving, okay? And we've talked about the front of store being a combination of products and services, the products with a focus on OTC, beauty, personal-care and some elements of convenience. And you've seen what we've been doing with services, whether it's MinuteClinic or the pilots that we've done, and we're beginning a broader rollout of audiology and optical. And we've talked this morning about some additional opportunities that we're excited to pilot as you think about broader care management, especially with the combination. So I do think that we're making health care a retail option, recognizing that health care is becoming local, okay. And we're looking to deliver health care to where people are, okay, whether it's in their local community or in many cases perhaps even in their homes. So again, we're excited about the opportunities and again, we've talked about where we're headed in terms of the leadership of the Retail business.
Larry Merlo: Well, Eric, it's a great question and we all saw the announcement last week. And you know, listen, we absolutely agree with the goals and objectives that were outlined in that press release. And I think it's important to acknowledge that the press release had few details and the press release acknowledge that there is a plan. So what that group aspires to is what we're going to deliver as part of the CVS-Aetna combination. And you think about the fact that we have the infrastructure, we have the assets, we certainly have the health care expertise, resident in both companies. And we've demonstrated that we can execute on goals and objectives. So we're chopping [ph] as a bit to get started. We've talked about the fact that we want this new CVS-Aetna combination to be an open source model that as we build out these capabilities, we can make them broadly available in the market. So we're looking forward to partnering with all groups of individuals, including this new combination of Berkshire, JPMorgan and Amazon.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Ricky. I'll start and Jon has spent a fair amount of time with our customers as well and he has some thoughts. And Ricky, look, I would say that there is tremendous amount of interest. There's a level of curiosity in terms of what can be created here. And I think that in those conversations, certainly, with our health plan clients, we've talked about the reality of - the lines between being competitors and being partners are blurring like never before. And by the way, as you know and as we've talked many times, we have examples of that in our own business today when you think about Medicare Part D and the fact that we manage the Part D component for more than 40 health plans. And we've demonstrated, not just the high level of service as more than 80% of those members are in 4 or 5star performing plans. But those clients have seen that their business as a result of our support is growing faster than the overall PDP marketplace. So listen, I think, obviously, they want to know more, okay. And the lines of communication will be critically important as we move forward, and keep them updated as to our progress and the opportunities that, that creates for us to partner broadly with them.
Larry Merlo: Well, I'll speak, Ricky, maybe broadly about what categories therapeutic classes we're seeing growing in specialty. So autoimmune and oncology continue to grow and outpaced the balance of the specialty market. And we actually are seeing multiple sclerosis kind of flat, and we also saw hep C volume come down pretty substantially in '17. So with the puts and takes that we're still seeing this business grow pretty dramatically. We're filling about 60% of the specialty business that we manage in our specialty pharmacy. And for Aetna, we actually fill 100% of that volume in our specialty pharmacy. So obviously, the highest and fastest growing part of the pharmacy benefit, and we're pretty excited about our capabilities and the new capabilities that we continue to build out.
Larry Merlo: Yes. Because as you can imagine, all of those investments don't happen right away and certainly, some of the payroll happened in Q2 and beyond, so it ramps up.
Larry Merlo: Yes, John. There's - you can think about a portion of that and some of that is over time, okay, and you're spot on in terms of as you think about those hours being signed to additional services or extended capabilities that would be created, whether it's through the pharmacy, through MinuteClinic or things that perhaps don't exist today.
Larry Merlo: You know, what, John, it's a great question. John, there are - think about it this way, okay. There are indicators that we contract in our business that we know if we're doing these things well, sales, profits will follow, okay. So obviously we have those metrics that as we look forward, as we think about these investments, we will use those metrics to guide us in terms of being on target, okay, to ensure that the investments that we make provide a tangible return.
Larry Merlo: You know, what, Glen, there is nothing that has surfaced. That has come as a surprise, and it's very much as I mentioned in my preferred remarks, things are moving forward as planned. And obviously, we've begun to have discussions with those individuals. And those discussions, there's a very good level of engagement and the discussions have been very constructive and positive. So we feel good in terms of how the process is moving along at this point.
Larry Merlo: Well, Brian, I don't - as you think about the things that we have talked about, okay, that there is as you think about Aetna, obviously, there's an important message that is delivered to our clients that, listen, we've got dedicated resources for your business and all of the things that go along with that, and it's our job and it's our commitment, and we are absolutely confident that there'll be no slippage in the level of service that we provide to our existing clients and prospective clients as we go forward. So we've got the infrastructure to do that and the talent resides in the organization to do that. And I think that's an important message that we are delivering in addition to all the other things that we talked about, whether just as part of the normal ongoing business that are independent from Aetna or any other acquisition.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Peter, it's Larry. Obviously, this has been a dialogue. And as you pointed out, we expect it will continue to be a dialogue. And Peter, there's no one single answer to that question. But you will see a steady stream of activity from us, and we'll be coming out with our annual drug trend report shortly, okay. IT will talk about the year-over-year increase, okay, which will be well below the rate of inflation, okay, that you would see in the pharma marketplace, okay. And how that increase ties to our clients spend, but equally important, okay, we will also be spending more time talking about what about the member okay, and what did the member incur, okay, in terms of their out-of-pocket cost associated with drug spend because I think that, that's the component that's getting lost in this PBM dialogue, okay. That we're spending a lot of time talking about clients spend, we're going to spend more time talking about how their members are benefiting from the roll that PBM are performing in the marketplace. So I think that's one of the things that you will see a little different going forward.
Larry Merlo: Yes. Peter, we've talked about this in the past that we have a variety of flavors. We have clients today who have point-of-sale rebates or 100% of the rebate value was passed through and there's an administrative fee associated with that. So it would take some time to transition that, okay. But it would have little to no effect on overall PBM economics.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Scott, it's just a normal cycle of the market. And the plans that were available were for the most part renewed by the existing PBM including ours.
Dave Denton: Hey, George. It's Dave here. I think as we've talk a little bit about the combination, obviously, we're going to make investments in the combination going forward to enhance our care model and data and analytics. Keep in mind that as we discussed, as we build out in our stores new capabilities, we have a fairly robust capital plan for the next several years that's going to touch the majority of our stores. We'll likely repurpose some of the investments that we had earmarked to that into I'll say changing the scope of design in those stores. So the incremental CapEx required to deliver on those promises is not that large. So we think that we can manage within the performance that we put out there over the next several years.
Dave Denton: Yes. This is Dave. Obviously, we'll have some integration costs in '18, likely some in '19 to get that business online, just given the share of scope and scale of that. But I expect more in '18 because we want to be up and running in parallel sometime in '19.
Dave Denton: Yes, Nathan, I guess, it's probably a little too early to answer the performance of those networks at this point in time, just given the - we've just kind of started the year off. Clearly, Q1 as we think about the script, I guess, the growth in script utilization that we cycle into Q1 here being a little bit higher than for the full year. Clearly, the flu season, the impact of that is fairly significant as we look across the country and more or less all of each of the country at this point in time. So that will affect Q1 into the positive. Clearly, as we get into the Q2, likely we'll get back into, I'll say, in the normal zip code. As we - maybe the earlier comment I will make, as we thought about Medicare Part D and being a preferred provider in Medicare Part D, the scripts and in some cases, don't just transition right away, we will see script capture build throughout the year as those members chose to move into our network, in those preferred network points.
Dave Denton: Yes, you're right. We have not given specific color around that. I would say that this year, more so than other years is a transition year or step year as we go through planning for the acquisition for next year. Clearly, I think what's important to us is we have a very robust plan to get back to growth in this business, which we delivered upon, clearly meets some now - some investments with the tax benefit back into the business to support our growth longer term. But I think what's important here is we position the company in preferred networks and in teaming up with other payers and building capabilities and programs to drive long-term growth in the business segment.
Dave Denton: Yes, so those are all great questions. I would say a couple of things. I think one thing to keep in mind here, which I think is important. If we talked about the capital structure of the company a few months ago when the deal was announced, actually our cash flow yield for the company substantially improved with the advent of tax reform. And we've actually now committed that we're going to take a subtle portion of that - now benefit from tax reform to improve our balance sheet over several years, to deliver more rapidly than what we originally anticipated. So we're committed to our capital structure, we're admitted to paying down our debt in a reasonable fashion here. And getting to about 3.5 times levered by the end of 2 years post the acquisition. So I think that's an important foundation. Clearly, we're looking at all possibilities of how to issue this debt over the next several months. I would say we're going to issue it that HoldCo company levels. We will evaluate exactly the tenure at which we will issue this debt over next several months and we continue to watch the market pretty actively to make sure that we place this debt in the best way for us from an economic standpoint to make sure that's prudent and then also structure in a way that does allow us to delever in the timeframe that we've committed to.
Dave Denton: Yes, that is correct. Keep in mind, think about it this way. We're going to increase wages and those wage increases are not going to be affected until 4 1, or 5 1 or 6 1.
Dave Denton: Yes, this is - just look at - if you look at the mix of employees that we have across our enterprise, they're largely store based. So if you think about just waiting, this is largely a store wage increase.
Dave Denton: So this is Dave. I think one thing that we've done is we've created a platform that is really engages members around the pharmacy benefit. And when we have done that, we see really enhanced improvement from adherence, as an example, and engagement with the member, this changed behavior. Again, that's been largely focused in the pharmacy benefit. So now, think with the Aetna combination, potential combination, we're thinking about other things that we can now engage that member on that was just outside of pharmacy but still in health care. So we're making investments to create that platform of engagement such that now, we can focus that member and other areas of health care. So think about our data and analytics investment and infrastructure to support that kind of engagement model.
Dave Denton: Scott, this is Dave. I do think we'll still need a number of stores that we have. And importantly, if you look at our pipeline going forward, we're still going to continue to grow our store base. I do think with a now the advent, the combination of Aetna, we might decide and reposition where the next new store is built such that we can deliver a service model in areas that are most impactful to the combined organization.
Dave Denton: Okay, Malian, thanks. And let me thank everybody. I know this was a long call. We appreciate everybody's interest. And as always, you can give Mike McGuire a call for any follow-ups.
