Larry J. Merlo: Okay. Thanks, Dave. As I said, we're certainly very pleased with our strong enterprise-wide results this quarter. And before we open it up for your questions, I just want to briefly acknowledge that with Election Day finally here, today's outcome will certainly have an impact on the direction of health care over the next several years. And that said, I believe that our business is well positioned regardless of the outcome of today's election. But we certainly know the issues around cost, quality and access facing our nation's health care system. And we are confident in our ability to provide innovative solutions to help address them however health care reform takes shape, and we'll certainly talk a lot more about that on Analyst Day. So with that, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Deb, I think it's reflecting many of the things that we've been talking about that we believe are differentiators in our business. And whether it's the retention that we're seeing from the Walgreens-Express customers, as well as some of the programs that we have that are improving medication adherence. And we do have some favorable industry trends driving pharmacy performance as well. And we talked about physician visits being up over the past 6 months, as well as Med D scripts being up. We think that, that is being driven by more generics in the market making prescriptions more affordable, as well as seniors beginning to get some relief from the doughnut hole. And I think we also mentioned that we are seeing an uptick in flu-related prescriptions. But we're very happy with our performance. And we see again the programs that we have in the market making a meaningful difference.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Deb, as we've often talked about, I'll kick it off, and then flip it over to Mark to provide some -- a few examples. But being in the loyalty card business for more than 15 years and having 70 million active cardholders, we have learned an awful lot from our customers about what they value, how they shop and how we can help to improve that experience. And I'll flip it over to Mark, and he can add some color to that.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Deb, as we've talked, we've been able to enroll about 85% of the new customers that we've seen as a result of the impasse in ExtraCare. That allows us again, as Mark mentioned, to communicate in a very personalized fashion. And we're beginning to explore some of the opportunities around Refill Reminders digitally.
Larry J. Merlo: And Lisa, as far as the economic climate, this is not a new issue, okay? As we all know, we've been dealing with this for a couple of years now in terms of a challenging economic environment. And as we move into '13, we don't see that environment changing materially from today, either getting better or getting worse.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, John, it's a great question. And we'll provide -- we'll go into a fair amount of detail on this at Analyst Day, and we'll actually quantify some of the benefits that we're seeing in terms of improving the medication possession ratio. I think we are beginning to see some of the step changes in terms of the importance. If you think about the Star ratings around some of the Medicare programs, that, prescription adherence and some of the clinical outcomes that we're working on and talking about make up a big portion of the evaluation of those Star ratings. So I think it is beginning to happen as we speak. I don't think it's years away. I think it's here today, and it will only grow from here.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, John, let me -- if you look at our operation, okay, and as we think about utilization, that next prescription becomes the most profitable one as it relates to leveraging the fixed costs we have in the Retail stores. And I think that's a little bit of what we're seeing this year, okay, as we've capitalized on the Walgreens-Express dispute and something that we'll continue to be focused on. And I think I'll flip it over to Mark to talk about some of the opportunities that we have around store brands, and that will be more to the margin side of things.
Larry J. Merlo: John, I think the other one I mentioned, Dave talked a little bit about our inventory performance at Retail. That is still an opportunity for us. Even though we've made some improvements over the past 2 years, we still have more opportunity there. And that will also help from a productivity and efficiency point of view.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, Ross. We have seen an increase in both customer traffic, as well as the average ticket. And again, at the risk of being redundant, I think that we continue to see ExtraCare as the differentiator that drives some of the shared growth that we're seeing. I think we have also done a number of things around promotion as we think about making our promotional program more efficient from an expense and a margin point of view. And we're pleased that those things are working.
Larry J. Merlo: And Ross, clients are also worried about that portion of specialty that's flowing through the medical benefit. And we'll look forward to sharing some information on some pilots that we have under way to manage that component of specialty that -- I know I've heard it from some clients that, "Hey, you guys have done a great job managing the traditional spend, okay? And how do we bring some of those same tools to that component of specialty that's flowing through the medical benefits?" So you'll hear more about that next month.
Larry J. Merlo: Meredith, let me just add one other point because we've talked an awful lot over the last couple of years about EBITDA per script. And the fact that, that is not a good measure of performance, you can get false positives and false negatives. And so even though the number is now better than it was a year ago, we're still saying the same thing. We don't believe that, that is the right measure of performance, that at the end of the day, it's about operating profit growth. And we're seeing that number favorable. Dave talked about the generics. We're also going to benefit later in the year as it relates to the Med D business. And that's why we, for the last couple of years, have been saying, "Look at operating profit year-over-year growth as a measure of performance." Meredith, your first question. I mean, I think I addressed that earlier in terms of as it relates to the economic climate, we don't see it changing materially from where we sit today. And I think that's really the only comment we have on that.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, 2 good questions. I'll take the Med D one first. I think, as we all know, preferred relationships under Med D are not new. And keep in mind that different than a restricted or a narrow network, the customer can still choose the pharmacy with a co-pay differential in place. And there are plans out there with CVS as a preferred provider or a SilverScript plan, the Aetna CVS/pharmacy offering, along with a number of other options. And there are plans where we're not in a preferred position. We believe that over time, we are well positioned in the Med D space to gain market share. Tom, in terms of your second question about some of the articles in the L.A. Times, we do not believe that, that article accurately characterizes our ReadyFill program or our business practices for that matter. And our primary concern is to help people on their path to better health. And if the core of that is a business-wide initiative, as we've been talking about this morning, that is promoting prescription adherence among patients. And everybody on this call knows the statistics here that nonadherence to medication is costing our health care system nearly $300 billion a year in unnecessary health care costs. And our programs are working to help patients take their meds as directed by their physicians. And we've created several innovative services that do that. Some as simple as the pharmacists speaking with the patient face-to-face, proactive outreach phone calls to support therapy continuation, and then ReadyFill, which is an opt-in program that helps patients stay on their meds by scheduling their enrolled prescriptions to be filled when due, and then notifying patients to pick them up at their convenience. And this -- we think this is pretty important because there are a number of reasons why people don't take their meds. Forgetfulness is just one of them. So these programs are popular with patients. They align with our clients' goals of increasing adherence and continuing to work to control overall health care costs. So thanks for the opportunity to add my three cents on that topic.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, Scott, I'll address '13, and then we'll come back to the Maintenance Choice question. I mean, I think as I've mentioned and Jon mentioned earlier, we'll provide a detailed review of '13 selling season. As we mentioned, the numbers have not changed materially from our last update. And keep in mind that earlier in the year, everyone was talking about this was going to be a banner year for RFPs because of disruption in the marketplace and so on and so on. And that really never materialized as it was perhaps being talked about earlier in the year. We saw RFPs up 7% year-over-year. I think it was a pretty normal year from that regard.
Larry J. Merlo: So I just want to thank everybody for joining us this morning. And we look forward to hopefully seeing all of you on December 13. And as Nancy mentioned, we've got, I think, a great agenda to include providing our guidance for 2013. So we'll see you then. Thanks.
Mark S. Cosby: Our loyalty program and personalization is a huge piece of our past. It's also a big part of our future. As Larry said, we do have the most successful and largest program in the country. 300 million cards issued, 70 million active, 15-year history. During that time, 6 billion personalized message delivered. So we know what our customers want, and we know how to deliver it. And we become smarter every year with how to drive those results across time. And one unique feature of the card is that we do deliver value every time that a customer purchases with us, and that has led to over $2.7 billion of savings for our customers this year. So we've rolled out a bunch of initiatives over the course of the last year, and we will continue to do so. The 2 biggest innovations around the loyalty campaign are our Beauty Club and our digital program. On the beauty front, this is the second year of the program, 10 million active members. They spend $50, they get $5 back. And it's a big contributor to why our beauty share is up over the course of the last year. And to your question, the other big piece that's happened within our loyalty program is a lot of innovation around digital. We've launched this past year a search to send card, where rewards are sent directly to the cards versus customers needing to use paper. We have a new digital application that allows our customers to scan the ExtraCare card, and they can use that as opposed to bringing their card around with them. We've done quite a bit around our circular to try to make that more personalized. So we can now deliver messages to customers, personalized to their spending history and to their spending future. So we have a comprehensive mobile strategy that we've developed, and we'll talk more about that when we get to the analyst meeting, as well as a number of personalization features that we feel very strong about coming into the future. So a very strong and successful loyalty program, big focus for our future. And game plan is to maintain our competitive advantage both on the digital front, as well as on the loyalty front in the coming years.
Mark S. Cosby: Thanks, Larry. Well, certainly growth is the primary thing. So we have a number of issues that we'll review at the Analyst Day to drive growth. But also a piece of the puzzle is to drive the margin and continue to focus on the margin. As Larry said, one of our big front store components that we will continue to push forward is on the store brand front. We have a number of new launches that will come into 2013. And then we're working on a plan as we speak that would take the number significantly above where we are today, both from a sales perspective but even more from a margin perspective.
Mark S. Cosby: I would just add in addition to ExtraCare and the personalization efforts that we have there, we've done quite a bit with our field team to try to enhance their focus around growth and around sales. And we've given them a number of tools to empower them and to help them be successful in driving their results. And I think if you walk our stores, you'll see a much greater focus there that will help us today and will help us into the future.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Lisa, this is Jon. So in the selling season, which it was an active selling season, we saw our fees up 7% over last year, we saw a lot of interest in low-cost channels and a lot of interest in low-cost products. So low-cost channels being mail service, Maintenance Choice and limited networks. With mail choice, Larry talked about 2013 and what we're going to expect to see from a growth. And that's a reflection of our Maintenance Choice 2.0 combined with our traditional Maintenance Choice. And we'll give more details about that as we get to Analyst Day. So as far as what's happening with group members, we really haven't seen a lot of activity there. And what we have seen is companies moving their retirees into EGWP, so we're seeing activity there. But they're essentially moving their entire block of retirees into EGWP plans, which we provide all the capabilities to service them. So all in all, a successful selling season. Haven't seen much of a change in the dynamics, but we have seen a lot of interest in our programs and a lot of adoption of our programs right out of the gate.
Jonathan C. Roberts: John, this is Jon. I just wanted to add, as we're out talking to clients, we talk about managing the bad trend, which PBMs have traditionally done, but we also talk about managing good trend. And we've developed a pharmacy economic model that we can run against a client's member base and we can show them by therapeutic class that if they're able to improve their adherence with their members up to the 80% medication possession ratio, which is considered adherent, what the medical offset will be. And so we've seen a lot of interest from our clients in this and that's why the adoption of Pharmacy Advisor, which is really targeted around adherence, has really taken hold in the marketplace.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Yes, Ross. This is Jon. So great question. And when you look at Specialty trend, which is running in the high-teens, it's really driven by really 3 components. One is price inflation, which is pretty similar to what we see in the commercial space. But the 2 components that are driving it even higher are mix. So as new drugs come to the market and they're more expensive, that drives the average cost of specialty for a payor. And then the third thing is utilization. We're seeing utilization. So a new hepatitis C drug came on the market, boceprevir, and that was additive to the therapy that somebody with hepatitis C gets treated with. So you're seeing an increase in overall spend in that category, as an example. So it is first and foremost on the minds of our clients, and they're looking to us for help. And we have many programs that can help actually manage that trend. So things like our Specialty Guideline Management program, where we make sure that patients that are prescribed specialty drugs that it's appropriate for them to get the drugs. And then we manage it carefully around the guidelines that are provided to make sure that the dosage is right and the frequency of utilization is appropriate. And then we have other programs that help manage preferred drugs within the specialty categories, and then we have exclusive programs, where we manage through our channels. So all in all, we have programs that can deliver and take -- reduce trend by 20%. And so we think this is an important area. When you look at the pipeline, half the pipeline is specialty. So it's going to be a continued focus for our clients. And we think it's a significant growth opportunity for us moving forward.
Jonathan C. Roberts: And then Scott, this is Jon. Let me address the question of fill-ins. Obviously, our clients would like CVS retail stores in every state. We've got great coverage. And they ask us about our growth plans, and we talk about where we plan to add stores. But that has not been an obstacle to them adopting Maintenance Choice. And I think that's reflected on what we've seen because if you don't have a CVS retail store, they can go to mail. And that's more of a priority to get the savings on a lower-cost channel as opposed to the few areas where we don't have CVS retail stores, so really hasn't been an issue for us.
David M. Denton: Meredith, it's Dave. Maybe I'll start with kind of the gross margin in the PBM. First and foremost, there's kind of 2 things driving gross margin performance in Q3, and we see that continuing into Q4. As we look at Q3, which really driven around higher-than-anticipated generic utilization trends, and secondly, our performance from a branded manufacturer rebate yield perspective. And we've been very focused on that, as you know, over the past several periods. And both of those outperformed our expectation. As we cycle into Q4, those trends continue plus we continue to step ourselves into the period of time from a Medicare Part D perspective, where the profitability accelerates in the back half of the year. So that is also a trend that from a PBM perspective that trends into Q4 that's driving our gross profit performance in that business. So we're very pleased with our progress there.
David M. Denton: Meredith, this is Dave. Maybe I'll address that real quickly. I mean, clearly, there's some clients within the Express' book has continued to go forward on, I'll say, a smaller network that might not include Walgreens, and Department of Defense TRICARE was one such client. Having said that, we knew there were some portions of that book that would occur as we cycled into Q4. I would just say that at the end of the day, when we look at our retention performance, we're doing better than we thought. We're actively engaging those customers on a day-in and day-out basis. And we think that our outlook's positive here. And I can't give you a specific around TRICARE, what it would or would not have been depending upon their choice.
David M. Denton: And Scott, this is Dave. As it relates to Maintenance Choice, maybe I'll say the uptake of Maintenance Choice throughout 2013, we are constantly in front of our existing client base in identifying ways in which they can improve their performance, either control cost or improve adherence. Maintenance Choice is one such program that allows them to do that. And so it will clearly depend upon, one, which clients have new programs in place that start mid-year; and two, the receptivity to those innovative programs. So probably more to come on that, Scott. We'll keep you updated as time progresses through 2013.
David M. Denton: Yes, this is Dave. I mean, our outlook for generics has not materially changed, given that we kind of last year gave a progression or an outlook of what we thought was going to happen from a generic break-open perspective over the next several years. I'll encourage you to go back and look at the slide at Analyst Day last year within my presentation that talks about the amount of new generics that are coming to the market, as well as the amount of -- cumulative amount of break-open generics that are available both now and into the next several years. And our outlook to those is still consistent with those expectations. And we'll give a little bit more clarity to that as we cycle into 2013 and the guidance that we'll provide for both the consolidated enterprise but also the PBM and Retail businesses.
