Larry Merlo: Thanks, Valerie. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call. I don’t have to tell you that this past quarter is unparalleled and unprecedented as we navigate the health, social and economic impacts of COVID-19. Having said that, our earnings in this environment, demonstrate the strength in our strategy, and the power of our diversified business model. The environment surrounding COVID-19 is accelerating our transformation and it is providing new opportunities to demonstrate the power of our integrated offerings and the ability to deliver care to the consumer in the community, in the home, and in the palm of their hand. The pandemic has made it a necessity to contribute in ways that have called on the capabilities, expertise, and footprint of many of our assets in combination to rapidly deliver solutions at scale that meet client and consumer needs and preferences. Now those of you who been following us for some time, know that CVS health is much more than just your corner drugstore. And in this era of COVID our strategy of diverse assets across healthcare, this triad of care where connections are delivered in the community, at home and in the palm of your hand could not be more important. We have substantially expanded our community reach, which has proven to demonstrate the value of bringing differentiated assets and delivery mechanisms to bear, meeting consumer needs and delivering lower cost, high-value care and nationwide testing, which we'll talk about in depth in just a moment. Increasingly, the power of our assets is taking us into areas that provide greater choice, as well as new areas for growth, ranging from diagnostic testing to B2B solutions, to the potential of clinical trial, recruitment and enrollment. The results we share with you today underscores that our strategy is right, that it's working, and the COVID-19 is driving us to bend our innovation curve markedly and accelerate solutions that will have long-term sustainability. There are numerous interdependencies in our three core businesses that the pandemic has made more apparent, driving the strength in our diversification while bringing new solutions to market. So with that, let me summarize our second quarter results and the proactive steps we have taken in light of the pandemic as our team has shown great flexibility and responsiveness adapting quickly to our clients and consumers' evolving needs. For the second quarter, adjusted earnings per share increased to $2.64 with total revenues of $65.3 billion. Our consolidated enterprise core performance was in line with our expectations and our results reflect the very impacts of COVID-19 across our business.
Larry Merlo: Yes, George good morning, thanks for the question. And George, maybe I'll start with I think all of what we're seeing is, I'll call it the acceleration of omnichannel for health. And I would describe that as speaking to care being delivered in multiple and nontraditional settings. And I think we're going to see a new value proposition emerged that is going to be based on the elements of convenience cost, quality and trust. So, George, I would say direct to your question, obviously there is a technology component to that and you've heard in our prepared remarks, care in the community, in the home, and the palm of your hand, obviously that speaks to what we've seen around the acceleration of virtual care and telemedicine. And I think it opens up the door for a greater acceptance of remote monitoring through technology and that speaks to care from the comfort of your home. Then there is care in the community and think about what we talked about this morning around, testing, the broader opportunity that that creates with diagnostics, vaccines, immunizations. You start thinking about the role of the pharmacist and nurse practitioner in what we have seen over the last several months with regulations being relaxed that has allowed them to perform to a higher level to the top of their license. So, you start thinking about, why go backwards, when it's more convenient, less costly and administered by someone that they know and trust and look it also speaks to why retail does matter and the importance of our strategy of pivoting, our retail asset in offering more health services at retail. And then so it is just related to that, it's a little indirect to your question, but I think we see some of the other changes on the horizon as we've got to have a more integrated approach to behavioral and physical health. And we're seeing way too many examples of people feeling the stress, the anxiety of everything going on, and this is an area of health that cannot be ignored and we have to do better. And finally, George, yes, we've talked a lot over the last several years about payment reform value based care. We see the challenges that providers are experiencing economically and will the pandemic be the spark that really accelerates more rapid growth of value based reimbursement and care.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Ricky, good morning. It's Larry and Ricky, I'll start and then ask - flip it over to Eva to take the economic side of your question. And Ricky, maybe I'll start with the seasonal flu and look, we expect to administer up to $18 million seasonal flu vaccines this fall, which is more than what we have administered in the last few years. We think that for obvious reasons, there is going to be an increased demand. You're going to see a lot of PSAs out there largely sponsored by the government at both the federal and state level. And Ricky, when you think about it, the symptoms of the seasonal flu mimic the symptoms of COVID-19. And the importance of the seasonal flu vaccine is never going to be more important this year than any other prior year because we've got to try to separate that dynamic in terms of what are we talking about. If I shift Ricky to the vaccine, we are having discussions with the administration in terms of the role that we can play and there is absolutely an important role for us to play. And Ricky, some of this goes back, I'll go back 10 plus years with H1N1 that pharmacy became the local solution to administer vaccines to millions of Americans across the country, that is not lost on the administration. And Ricky, I think what is unique for us is, this is where the intersection of testing in vaccine creates a sustainable business model, because I couldn't be prouder of the work of our CVS colleagues and standing up the testing business in 1800 drive-through locations in a matter of a few weeks, and we've also used our digital capabilities as you heard in our prepared remarks, where customers can actually schedule - are required to schedule an appointment to get the test. So you don't see six, eight hours of cars backed up trying to get a test in one of our drive-through sites and we can bring that same digital and technology capability to scheduling vaccines when they become available. So, I think we're in a great place there to be an important part of the solution and I'll flip it over to Eva on the testing economics.
Larry Merlo: And Ricky, I think you had a question in there in terms of what the country has experienced around testing turnaround times and I'll just quickly comment on that. If you heard in our prepared remarks, we've administered about 2 million tests to date. The turnaround times through the months of May and June were in that three-day range and coming out of the July 4th holiday, we did see a spike in testing demand as well as a spike in the turnaround time. We took immediate actions. The first thing we did was actually reduce the number of tests we were doing on a daily basis by 25% in working with the labs as they were working to increase their capacity. We've also added two additional labs to our testing of back office if you will, okay, where they are producing the results. And as we sit today, we have seen a dramatic improvement from where we were coming out of that July holiday. There is still some additional improvement that needs to be made by one of the labs. Okay? And at the same time, Ricky, we talked about our Return Ready testing with our B2B clients. We're utilizing as you heard in our remarks, the point-of-care testing diagnostics and we're also working to pivot some of our retail sites to more point-of-care testing, and we're currently working with the administration in terms of creating the reimbursement codes that don't exist today for that type of retail testing. So, I think that's going to be important as a country where we're testing about 17 million people a month. If you look at the experts, they are saying there is going to be an increased need in the fall timeframe of the 26 million to 28 million tests per month range and more point-of-care testing is going to be an important part of that solution.
Larry Merlo: Yes, there's, as I said, underlying, you've got to think about how COVID is affecting, but our underlying core is in line with our expectations when we started the year, and we'll continue to work towards delivering on what we outlined at our Investor Day.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Bob. Maybe just one other point just back on Avis, your question on retail that the other thing to keep in mind is, we shut off a lot of our extra care programs, as we went through the shelter in place orders. So those have been turned back on and that's another contributing factor in terms of why we would see a more normalized margin trajectory in the second half of the year. And then Bob, moving on to your question on the diabetes programs, a lot of it Bob is tied to managing the consumer, if you will, in a more holistic fashion. So, today we remotely manage their blood glucose levels with connected glucometers as one example, but we believe there's a much more broader opportunity recognizing it's just not about managing the diabetes condition, it is also managing the comorbidities that are associated with that. Okay? They go beyond diabetes is a chronic disease. And, those are things that we're going to be focused on that we believe at the end of the day are some of the real drivers in terms of bending the cost curve for those individuals and what we've seen with the pilot programs that we've done.
Larry Merlo: So, we'll go ahead and operator we'll take two more questions. And we know that, many of you have another call at nine and we want to be respectful to that.
Larry Merlo: Okay, so, with that, let me just go ahead and wrap up before we sign off here. And a big thank you, and my sincere gratitude to, our 300,000 colleagues for all of their hard work across all parts of our organization, especially those that are working the front lines. And they have just displayed incredible commitment and effort during these unprecedented times. And all of that represents our best in terms of our commitment in helping people on their path to better health and we're proud to be able to serve our communities. It's such a crucial time in our nation's history. So with that, thanks again for joining us this morning and please stay safe and healthy.
Eva Boratto: Yes, good morning, Ricky. I would say, overall as you think about testing and our economics, think about it in the margin range of diagnostics and typical testing.
Eva Boratto: Good morning, Eric. It's Eva and I'll take that question. First, let me define what's in that investment at the company level. Overall, as we look at the investments, $2 billion at the company level 1.5 for the year at HCB. These are items that are going to affect our earnings. Right? So, essentially they include operating expenses, refunds, rebates and credits to support our customers', members and clients. What I would say, we're not breaking out each of those, each of those individually, but all of those are contributing to the underlying $1.5 billion in HCB.
Eva Boratto: And as Eric just to perhaps state the obvious as Alan said, it's onshore. We did not design Zinc as a tax strategy, it's around the value that we can deliver from a business perspective to our customers and CVS.
Eva Boratto: Good morning, Justin. Thanks for the question. In terms of the right jump off, what I would say is the reason we provided all of the transparency around the COVID related effects was to help the investment community really understand outside of COVID, how the businesses are performing. I think if you look at how we've performed at the enterprise level, through the first half of the year normalizing for COVID, right, we've been performing in line with our expectations and there's nothing around our underlying fundamentals that have taken us all far our strategy and trajectory.
Eva Boratto: Yes, thanks. Thanks for the question. So in terms of gross margin, let me go back a bit. In the segment margins declined about 240 basis points, as I said on my prepared remarks. About half of that, nearly half of that was what I'll call mix. So as you look at the purchasing patterns with pharmacy growing faster than front in the quarter, given the disruption by COVID, there's an impact there, as well as mix within the underlying front store basket as sales were lower in the consumer health and beauty categories, which carry a higher margin. And we also saw some drug mix impacts with new prescriptions depressed and the effects on the generic dispensing rate. I think if you look year-to-date at how retail long-term care is performing, it's performing well when you normalize for all of the different factors, obviously margins were stronger in the first quarter and we do expect them to improve in the back part of the year.
Eva Boratto: And Steve, obviously in terms of what actions the government could take that number could vary, right? There's uncertainty there.
Eva Boratto: We - relative to National accounts to clearly give you kind of a broad perspective, our National account customers are interested in, our integrated value and our integrated story. What I would tell you, if you look at our 2021, we have sold four times more pharmacy members this time compared to last year for 2021. And we've improved our pharmacy penetration from 34% to 39%. But as I, and we also are doing a lot to be in the market relative to the HealthHUBs, but relative to National accounts, it's been, a lumpy season for us. We did see a fair amount of our customers, and RFPs pull back and defer some of their decisions until 2022. We've had very solid retention. We've had some good sales, but generally speaking, if you look to 2021, I'd say that National account membership will be flat to down, really reflecting in Group attrition from unemployment. However, on the Group Medicare side, we've had very strong retention in the high 90s, very solid sales and you can expect growth in 2021 from Group Medicare.
Eva Boratto: Hi, Lance, it's, Eva. So let me take your second question first, right? I don't have any specific comments in terms of where we're, the things we continue to evaluate, but what you've seen us do is we divested our Brazilian operation that CVS now Workers' Comp. And, what I can tell you is, we continue to just thoroughly evaluate what's in our portfolio, how the dynamics in the marketplace are changing to make sure we're optimizing the business. In terms of Long-Term Care performance, obviously, it's been a segment that has been substantially affected by COVID. Right? As you look at the industry challenges, we've seen as an industry admissions down about 20% and facilities, some facilities continuing to not accept new patients, but not be shutdown per se. As you look at what Long-Term Care contributes to our overall bottom-line enterprise, right, it's, it's less than 2% of our overall enterprise profitability. As you look at what we're doing, we have made substantial improvements related to our service model over the last 12 months. And in Q1 of this year, we had the highest customer satisfaction score since we've been tracking this back to 2015. We're also, COVID and testing this vulnerable patient, right, we're continuing to drive opportunities there as Larry highlighted, and I would say we are aggressively managing our cost structure in this environment, and we have new leadership, leading the Long-Term Care business and we're really focused on driving improved performance here.
Alan Lotvin: I'll start, this is Alan Lotvin, I'll start with what Zinc is and then I'll let Eva talk about the tax question. So the Zinc is an onshore entity that we created to essentially develop and extract more value out of the pharmaceutical manufacturers on behalf of our customers and clients as part of the purchasing economics that Eva has referenced a couple of times.
Alan Lotvin: Steven it’s Alan. The one thing I would add is we have seen a reasonably significant uptick in membership within our Medicaid lives and the PBMs. So you're seeing that the shift in the demonstrated power of having a broadly diversified book.
Alan Lotvin: Yes, so on the on the selling season in general, we're about 90% through the sales season, we have a 98% retention rate as Eva said and we have $4.3 billion in gross new wins. We haven't, I'd say this season itself has been interesting and the lumpiness with COVID, but overall ending up about where we thought. The health, specifically on HealthHUBs we've seen a tremendous amount of interest in the HealthHUBs, not just from National accounts, but also from our health plan customers who want to understand how to better connect with their members in the community. So, very happy with where the sales season is right now. So and again, as I said a strong interest in the HealthHUBs.
