Larry Merlo: Okay, thanks, Dave. And again, we are very pleased with our solid start to the year; and our strong, competitive position. And our distinctive channel-agnostic solutions are resonating strongly in the marketplace. Before we open it up for your questions, just a couple comments that we've all witnessed the unfortunate events unfold in Baltimore over the past several days. And I think, as you know, we operate countless stores in major cities and urban centers all across the country, and despite these acts of violence, we remain committed to these markets. We look forward to working together with community and business leaders in the rebuilding process. And I want to take a minute and pay a special thanks to our colleagues who have worked tirelessly this past week to ensure that Baltimore residents continue to have access, in need of medications and prescriptions. I think we're -- all of us are very proud of the job that they've been doing in a very difficult environment. So with that, let's go ahead and open it up for your questions. 
Larry Merlo: Look, George, I'll start, and I think Jon will jump in as well. But keep in mind that we had embarked upon a pretty sizable initiative as part of our platform consolidation that was targeted to deliver well over $200 million in annual SG&A savings. And we have largely completed that initiative, and obviously, we're always looking to be more efficient and identify opportunities. And I'll let Jon pick up from there. 
Larry Merlo: No, that was for '15, George. That was a true-up of the '15 selling season. And as I mentioned, it's up about $0.5 billion from our update on our Fourth Quarter Call. And there were some late new wins that got added to '15 and probably, for the most part, mid-year introductions. 
Larry Merlo: Look, John, I think, as you know, we've talked a lot about we feel very good about the opportunities that we still have here domestically. And we've been talking about that for the last couple of years, and we continue to feel good about it. And as you think about international, as -- again as we've alluded to in the past, we wanted to understand and build some, I'd describe it as, muscle in terms of what it takes in terms of being successful as a global operator. And that's what led to the Brazil decision. And we've been at it about 2 years now. We've gotten some very good learnings. And I think it's --  any next step there would be pursued with the same financial discipline that I think we've demonstrated in the past. 
Larry Merlo: Well, Dave, it's Larry. I'll go ahead and start, and then I'm sure others will jump in. But Dave, I think we've mentioned this in the past that, if I start with our renewals, we've said that this '16 renewal season was typical, recognizing we didn't have a -- the big FEP contract. We said it was around $14 billion to $16 billion and that, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we're about 1/3 of the way through the renewal process, which is typical at this time of the year. I would say the selling season again has gotten off to a solid start. We're seeing RFP activity pretty similar to what it was last year, which was a big increase over the prior year, recognizing the -- 2 years ago, there was -- I think there was kind of a lockdown as people were preparing for all the administrative responsibilities of the Affordable Care Act. So we certainly have a long way to go in the '16 selling season. And we'll have a lot more to talk about on the Second Quarter Call. 
Larry Merlo: And David, it's --  I'll just emphasize one other point. We had our Client Forum back in April. We had record attendance. There was an extremely high level of engagement, recognizing, as I mentioned, clients have seen cost trend go from around 4% to double digits. So we have -- to Jon's point, we have solutions for them. And there was an awful lot of engagement and education and understanding in terms of what that can specifically mean for their respective business. So there's certainly a lot of follow-up work from the Client Forum, but I think we feel very good about the tools and products and services that can be an important part of the solution for our clients. 
Larry Merlo: Well, Meredith, if you look at our specialty revenues, we are growing faster than the market even after adjusting for Coram. So we believe Specialty Connect is delivering additional share, and it is outperforming our initial expectations. And we already have more than 50,000 patients that -- new patients that are utilizing the Specialty Connect product. 
Larry Merlo: Well, Meredith, the answer to that is yes. I mean it's I've sat in some of those meetings where we're talking about things that we can do. And then historically, the question would come up about, "But you guys sell tobacco products, don't you?" and it literally deflects all the energy out of the room. So I think it's reflected in the fact that, since the announcement just over a year ago now, we've been able to accelerate the partnerships that have been established with leading health systems across the country. And I think we're approaching 60 of those affiliations. And while it's a category of one at this point and it did get some publicity, we've talked about pharmacy networks migrating to more performance-based networks. And we had one particular client, City of Philadelphia, that decided to, as a nucleus of that performance network, tie it around pharmacy providers that do not sell tobacco products. So I think we see some tangible benefits that they're probably more qualitative than quantitative at this point in time, but I think we all believe that it will lead to further differentiation of our business model as we go forward. 
Larry Merlo: Yes, Lisa, it's a great question. And today, we've got about -- probably about half of our book that is in our formulary program. Now at the same time, there are -- and by the way, that's largely in the employer space. There are health plans that adopt components of the formulary program. So I think there is certainly white space for that to grow. And I think -- as our program continues to evolve and further develop and drive additional savings, I think that there will -- there is already additional dialogue on those programs. 
Larry Merlo: Well, Scott, we're always looking to do better, whether it's to be more efficient with our business and in terms of attempting to deliver high levels of service at the lowest possible cost. And we're always focused on opportunities there. And we continue to be focused on share growth opportunities. We've -- and I think we've gotten some tractions in terms of some of the things that we've been able to do through our partnerships, whether it's with health plans or other providers. Obviously, there's a lot that we can do when we happen to be the PBM, but those opportunities are not limited to employers or health plans where we have to be the PBM. And we've gotten some traction there. 
Larry Merlo: Well, Steve, we actually see it outperforming the market growth and, I think, as I mentioned earlier with one of the questions, even after adjusting for Coram, acknowledging that Coram was not comparable for the full quarter. I think we closed towards the end of January. So we're pleased with the results that we're seeing. And some of it is coming from new customer growth. Some of it is coming from our unique products. And I'll ask Jon to comment on therapeutic classes. 
Larry Merlo: And just to add on to that because those are a couple of important slides. We talked about the addressable specialty market. We described it as excluding infused oncology. And I think, in '14, we estimated that market at $86 billion growing to more than $150 billion by 2018, so we see a lot of opportunity for growth even without including the oncology space. 
Larry Merlo: Yes, Ricky, maybe we're not following the question because we would -- that's why we're not seeing... 
Larry Merlo: And Ricky, we had shown in the past that if you looked at on the retail side of the business, if you looked at the script growth and the share growth, about half of it was coming from the Caremark book of business, and the balance from the rest of the marketplace. 
Larry Merlo: And Mark, I'll just reiterate. We've talked about this, the 3 ways in which value is extracted from Red Oak. One is the fixed payment schedule from Cardinal, which began in Q4 last year. The second ability is through some established achievement of milestones that have been established between the 2 parents. And then the third is just further reductions in our overall cost of products. So -- and as Dave mentioned, we've kind of -- we've framed it up under that umbrella, but we haven't gotten more granular. 
Larry Merlo: Well, Mark, you're never done, okay, in terms of how to make the supply chain more efficient. So I think it's something that will be ongoing. 
Larry Merlo: Ross, you did a really good job of summarizing the marketplace, but I mean, so we have always believed that the integrated PBM retail model, we think, is the optimal model. And I think that gets further highlighted by the fact that we're entering an era of, we've been describing as, the retail-ization of health care. Others are talking about it in terms of an era of consumer-directed health care. And you think about our model. It's really the only one that has deep connections and expertise in dealing with both payers of health care as well as consumers of health care. And we've talked about, and we've reiterated it on the call today, all the different ways in which we can help solve this cost-quality-access conundrum that our health care system faces, so -- and I think, as I mentioned earlier, we believe that we're in a great place. And at the same time, we're always looking for ways that we can be more efficient and speak to payers and customers in a more surround-sound fashion. And I think we see opportunities domestically to continue to do that. Okay, thanks, everyone, for your ongoing interest in CVS. And as always, if you have any follow-up questions, you can reach Nancy. 
Jonathan Roberts: Yes, George. So the way we're thinking about our cost structure in the PBM is continuous improvement. So how can we leverage automation, technology; streamline processes to make those processes more predictable and deliver them faster and at a lower cost. I think specialty is an opportunity as we look forward. PCSK9s are coming to the market. They're going to be lower cost than typical for the average specialty drugs in the market today. So we're actually looking at a delivery in a more efficient way than generally specialty, which is higher touch, higher cost than what we see in mail. So it's we're continuing to focus on it and we make progress every year. 
Jonathan Roberts: And David, just to build on what Larry has said. This is Jon. We're through most of the health plan, large health plan, opportunities, probably halfway through the large employer opportunities, and then you move into the balance of the market. And as far as what people are looking for, they're obviously looking for us to be competitive on price. And we have to be delivering good service to our members and clients. So the fact that we've had 2 very successful welcome seasons has helped us from a service reputational standpoint, and obviously we continue to be competitive yet rational on price. And then you add to that all the things that we can do that are unique to our model that, quite frankly, is -- supports our clients with where health care is going: the fact that we've integrated assets and can deliver capabilities like Maintenance Choice, Specialty Connect, MinuteClinic; our leadership position in specialty, so our ability to manage specialty spend not only under the pharmacy benefit and the medical benefit, and this is, as we've talked about, a very fast-growing part of the overall spend; and then third, our leadership in consultative services and Medicare Part D. So yes, as I'm out talking to clients, they're looking for somebody that they know can deliver great service, deliver savings. And then all these unique offerings we bring, I think, has really had a lot to do with our success. 2017, we're beginning to see some activity in 2017, again, large health plans, but I'd say we're very, very early with any '17 opportunities. 
Jonathan Roberts: And then Lisa, this is Jon. Larry talked about our trends for 2014 at 12.7%. About 60% of that trend is really driven by branded inflation. And the best way for our clients to manage overall trend of branded inflation is through formulary. So we believe the marketplace is going to get much more aggressive. Our clients are going to get much more aggressive in adopting even more aggressive formulary strategies beyond what they already have. And so it's probably the best way to manage their benefits. 
Jonathan Roberts: Yes, I mean, Lisa, that's a good question. Yes, as Larry said, our employers, which is half our book of business, the vast majority of those, 80% of those, have adopted our template formulary strategy that we introduced back in 2012. So we -- they've actually taken a big step forward. And then there are other opportunities for them to even get more aggressive. With health plans, the majority of our health plans have adopted our Med D formulary strategies, which again are very tightly controlled. So the market, I think, is primed. And I think, coming off this double-digit trend year of 2014, I have never seen people more open to understanding what opportunities they have to manage this. And as I said, formulary is going to be a big part of that. So we're talking to people now. I think we'll see -- I do think it's going to take a few years to play out, just like everything in our space, so I don't know that there's going to be a single inflection point. But I do very strongly believe that this is going to be a significant lever for our clients to manage this trend.. 
Jonathan Roberts: Yes. What we have seen over the last 3 years is over 100 new indications for existing specialty drugs, so we're seeing growth really across all categories. Obviously, Hep C is the poster child for growth, but we're seeing growth in RA and oncology, as an example. And the other factor is, as the populations gets older, the older population uses 6x as many specialty drugs as the balance of the population. So we're just seeing really tremendous growth across the entire spectrum of specialty. And that's going to be fueled even further by new drug introductions, 88 new drugs over the last 3 years. We're going to see the PCSK9s be introduced later this year. While we think that's going to be a slow ramp, we think 1 in 4 people that are on statins today could be candidates for these new therapies that are, quite frankly, more expensive than the generic statins that are available today. So we really view specialty as a growth driver as we look forward. 
David Denton: On the retail side, between California and tobacco is about 490 basis points just in retail. There's about 200 basis points as it relates specifically to the PBM in the quarter of operating profit. 
David Denton: Yes, Ed, this is Dave. Maybe I'll touch upon that. As you know, we obviously had a very solid -- we're off to a very solid start to the year, quite frankly, in both businesses and certainly within the PBM versus our expectations. Just a couple things: Obviously, volumes in the PBM continued to be strong, and we continue to be pleased with that. Secondly, we've worked hard both from a cost of goods sold perspective and some of the buy-side economics, as well as the rebate yield has been productive for us. And as you know, a vast majority go back to our clients in the form of lower cost into their pharmacy benefit. And we see -- and so that's really produced the over-delivery in the first quarter. As we look through the balance of the year, it is very early. We've gone through a quarter. We've had a great quarter. I think our core businesses are performing well and nicely. I think there's -- as you know, we have a philosophy of looking through the full year. We're still focused on delivering a very solid year. Continually, there tends to be shifts in the marketplace as it relates to timing of certain aspects of our business, primarily the introduction of generics, and so we'll continue to monitor that as time goes on. 
David Denton: Ed, this is Dave. We continually talk about that, so there's nothing new or unique about that at this point in time. 
David Denton: John, this is Dave. I don't know that, that's exactly true. But within -- as you know, within the PBM business, obviously, volume certainly helps, but there's a lot of factors that drive profitability in that business. And I'll just take a good example: Medicare Part D within our insurance company, additional volumes in some categories there actually hurt the profitability from an insurance perspective. So there's a lot of different levers there. I'll just conclude with saying that we've had a great first quarter, and I think our outlook for the year remains extremely strong within the PBM and, quite frankly, within retail. 
David Denton: Yes, that's a great question. We, as you know, have been very focused on our leverage target at 2.7x adjusted debt-to-EBITDA. We currently have been cycling a bit below that target, but we have additional capacity as we sit here today. We, as you know, have -- continue to have many dialogues with the rating agencies. We're very focused on maintaining our BBB rating status. We do think we have flexibility over time to move our leverage target if strategically it made sense to be a tad over that, as long as we commit to get ourselves back down to that level. We've been very focused over time to make sure that our balance sheet maintained its leverage target at 2.7x, and we work aggressively to get there. We think it's important that we've maintain that rating. 
David Denton: Yes, Lisa, it's a great question. I'm not going to get into too much detail there. I would just tell you that, as we think about the long-term view of our business, we've been very focused on, from a buy-side economics perspective, what can we do to further reduce the cost to our clients and think about that as our procurement efforts around generics; and then secondly, how do we reduce costs and continue to control costs in the branded category. And that continues to be a focus from a rebates perspective in the formulary management. Now I expect those to be continued, to be drivers for this business at some level in the longer term. 
David Denton: No, I don't think there's anything that's really unique in the quarter from that perspective. I -- as we've said many times, it's that the cadence of profit delivery will be back-half weighted versus front-half weighted. And most of that ties to obviously the tobacco exit and how we overlap that; the California Medicaid comparison in Q2 of '14; but probably more importantly, the delivery of break-open generics and the timing of that driven really more back-half weighted versus front-half weighted. 
David Denton: Scott, this is Dave. What -- we've talked and we've been talking a lot on the call about the PBM and some of the growth engines and around pharmacy. Maybe we'll just spend a minute and ask Helena to talk a bit about what we're doing to drive growth in the front of our business, the retail business. 
David Denton: And Steve, I'll just conclude this question a bit with just maybe just a data point. As you said, specialty in the first quarter grew by about 40%, 46%. It's not just Hep C. If you back, if you take away Hep C and you look at our underlying growth in specialty, it's in the mid-30s. So we continue to perform well at the core in this business. 
David Denton: So there is a chart in Jon Roberts' presentation or -- and/or Alan Lotvin's presentation that shows that number, last year's number, which I believe is around... 
David Denton: Yes, we kind of report that on an annual basis because we monitor and we report on the annual basis. Because when we win a client, typically we then -- the work begins in the sense of understanding how to help that client become more productive and manage their costs better. And part of that might be narrowing -- or introducing a product and/or narrowing that network into one of our channels. And so that kind of grows over time. So we've chosen to do that on an annual basis because of that. I will say, just from a Caremark perspective, one thing that we do disclose, and you can see it in the press release and you'll also see it in the Q later day today, is that we do talk about the -- just the network claims volumes that we process on a quarterly basis. And so you can see that kind of within those releases. 
David Denton: Mark, it's Dave. I think, obviously, as we discussed a little bit earlier, as you know, the generic launch dates continue to obviously move around a little bit. I'll just characterize this. It's not a matter of if these drugs are going to be productive for us from a break-open status. It's just more an issue of when they become productive for us from a generic -- a break-open status. Our main thesis -- as we talked about kind of the 3 categories of drugs, be it branded drugs, limited-supply generics and break-open generics, our thesis for over the long term continues to hold as you increase both savings to customers and clients when you move down that spectrum but also increase profitably to us as you move down that spectrum. 
David Denton: That's a great question. We have transitioned all of that into Red Oak. They -- we now have virtually all of our generic manufacturers on our program. And we continue to be very excited about where we are but also the opportunity over time to continue to derive value from that program. And kind of beyond that, we don't disclose much more than that from a buy-side's perspective. 
Ricky Goldwasser: I think that, in the past, you -- kind of like you gave some details on Caremark membership accounting for 34%, 35% of your pharmacy scripts. 
Ricky Goldwasser: So when you think about kind of like the growth that you've seen year-over-year, obviously, it's pretty impressive. What percent of it is coming from kind of like your PBM client? Just trying to assess kind of like the share gain that was in Caremark versus the rest of the market. 
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay, that's very helpful. And then one follow-up on the specialty side. When you think about kind of like your membership, what percent of your PBM clients manage their specialty spend through you, and what percent carving out? Just to kind of like understand the opportunity there in terms of penetration. 
