Per Lofberg: This is Per. Just to your first point there, it's clear that in addition to FEP, that was mentioned specifically, we have a number of other accounts that were renegotiated in the course of this year, where margins had grown to very attractive levels and were not sustainable given the current market conditions. So as those contracts were being renegotiated to reflect current competitive market conditions, there is a resultant margin erosion, which you're now seeing in the numbers. And so that's sort of the main factor that explains those numbers. With respect to the next year selling season, I think it's going to be basically a continuation of what we've seen in this year. It's going to be very competitive selling season for sure. There is a lot up for negotiation, both our existing customers and many, many new canceled prospects out there. So I really kind of envision a vigorous and competitive selling season, which is very well equipped to participate in successfully. We just completed our national sales meeting, which is sort of our kickoff of our sales season. And we have a very strong suite of programs to offer and very high level of customer satisfaction going into this coming season.
Per Lofberg: First, the streamline initiatives are really not at all kind of a concern in the selling process at this point. I mean, the new platform that's being built to really sort of be our future destination platform, will have a number of capabilities that will go beyond what customers can use today. And there's a process in place where we can demonstrate to customers that the transition will be absolutely seamless. And so that hasn't really kind of become a concern at this point in the selling process.
Per Lofberg: Well, that process is going on as we speak. And it's actually, there are three separate bids being bid in the FEP program. And as it has been in the past, it's a very competitive process. So it is entirely possible that there will be some additional margin compression in that, but it's also unclear who will kind of end up with what piece. It's still sort of a work in process. But that's a normal -- that sort of step-down in margin spend across when a big contract is being rebuild, that's pretty much normal in our business. It happens all the time, and I don't expect this process to be any different.
Per Lofberg: Yes. Close, I think, Lisa, including FEP, of course. If you take FEP out, it's pretty much a normal season for us.
Per Lofberg: And both the ramp up of the Aetna program over the next couple of years, as well as the streamlining initiatives, it should be accretive going forward.
Per Lofberg: Yes, I think the one segment that I just want to add to that is the specialty pharmacy segment, which is a very high growth part of our business. And we put in a lot of effort into really maximizing the opportunity in that area for us.
Per Lofberg: I don't think it'll change materially. We're basically looking at each of these contracts on an individual basis. Our goal is to retain our business and to win business when we're confronted with new prospects. But at the same time, we're clearly committed to doing that in a rational fashion. So we're not going to buy business at a loss or anything like that. We want the business to be solidly profitable. And I really don't see the environment changing significantly next year or this coming year over what has been in the recent half.
Per Lofberg: I don't have a specific answer to that at this point. A lot of this, I think, is sort of the success of the generic wave of the past. And so many, many of those contracts have been renegotiated and are sort of now at more competitive levels. But I can't give you a specific estimate in terms of what we're looking at this coming year.
Per Lofberg: The generic business is highly competitive. So the real opportunity there is when you have multiple competing manufacturers beating down the acquisition costs. So the list price of the generic far less important than what you actually buy the generics for. And the beauty of that business is that with multiple competing vendors, it tends to get very, very competitive. And we can drive down the cost and offer significant savings to our customers.
Per Lofberg: Yes, I think it's -- '11, I think, will still be a year where the costs outweigh the benefits, but it's going to flip the other way in 2012.
Per Lofberg: Well, it ramps up pretty quickly. I think we have said that it's go up to about $250 million per year in annual benefits down the road, or that will generate $1 billion worth of benefits over five years compared to the -- up from costs of about $250 million approximately.
Per Lofberg: Well, I think before UA, Universal American, we have about 1.1 million, 1.2 million lives. I think that represents maybe somewhere between 10% to 15% of our revenues. And then with the addition of the UA, we'll get to like 3.4, or something like that, million lives. So it basically almost tripled. It will become a very important part of the business. And if you project out, really, where people will get their health insurance or their prescription drug coverage, Medicare is rapidly going to become the biggest single payer in the country for prescription drugs. So it's clearly a sort of a growth segment going forward.
Per Lofberg: And from an underwriting standpoint, it has been a profitable business, both for CVS Caremark and for Universal American. And I think both organizations have some real talent in that area that we hope to capitalize on going forward.
Per Lofberg: And the customers, the PBM customers, and the consultants out there, they are also very much aware of the upcoming generics and are hoping to capture as much value from that, that they can for the customers in question. So it's a moving target. But I agree with Larry, without a doubt, it's a major tailwind for us as a business.
Per Lofberg: No, I don't think the grandfathering process really has anything to do with the PBM contracting process. I mean, that has really more to do with the types of benefit designs that they elect to put in place for their people.
Per Lofberg: That's correct. It's actually quite normal for this time of the year. There's always some that don't run on the calendar basis. But I really don't see anything else there in the remaining 15% that's going to cause any sort of disruption.
Per Lofberg: Well, I can't really speculate about the other PBMs. I happen to believe that in the PBM business, you begin by capturing the lives. And then you work on making those lives as productive as possible over the span of a long-term relationship. So winning lives to me is sort of the end of the beginning, not the beginning of the end. And there's a lot that can be done to really build the profitable business once you have a solid book of business of customers.
Per Lofberg: Again, I'm going to stop short of trying to talk about our PBM competitors. I mean, we certainly believe that we can provide very strong return on the invested capital and very strong return to shareholders over time in the PBM business. As we've said several times, we are much more focused on the absolute EBIT dollars that we generate and, ultimately, the earnings per share than we are on percentage margin.
Per Lofberg: I do think that there will be some kind of continued trend towards pass-through pricing. I think it's particularly driven by government payors. We saw it in Med D in 2009 to kind of impact 2010. If you look at the OPM [Office of Personnel Management] call letter, which is basically the directive that the federal government gives to all the federal plans, they certainly indicate that transparency is part of what they expect. And a number of the state programs, like CalPERS or some of the other big state programs, have transparency specifications. So it is a certain trend in the marketplace, and I think that'll continue over the next couple of years. And with respect to FEP, I can't really speculate about how that's going to play out. It's three separate bids, and the FEP have retained flexibility to pull it together whichever way they want, all in one bucket or distributed out among separate vendors as they have in the past. But it will be decided, I suspect, in same time frame.
Per Lofberg: Well, I think there are some portion of the customer base where we're still benefiting from contracts that were entered into three, four years ago and which have grown to be quite extraordinarily profitable. So the realistic expectation is that we're going to have to reprice those in accordance with current market conditions. And I can't give you kind of a quantification of it, but it certainly will be a factor even going into this coming year.
Per Lofberg: And Lipitor, specifically, really sort of becomes sort of full-blown opportunity in 2013, because half of 2012 will be under exclusivity period. There'll be limited competition until the middle of the year.
Per Lofberg: The answer to that is no, but it's part of the 2012 sale story [ph]. So in terms of what Aetna will be offering together with us to their customers going into the selling season, they will have -- Maintenance Choice will be one of the offerings.
Per Lofberg: Correct. I mean, they have start selling that as we speak. And then most of that business will be 2012.
Per Lofberg: Just one other factor is that we obviously hope that part of our work this year is going to result in continued expansion of our flagship value-added programs, like Maintenance Choice and generic Step Therapy programs and that sort of thing. And we just sort of recently set up a new kind of alignment for our sales and account management organization to be strongly sort of aligned with our corporate goals there. So if we're successful in that area, that would hopefully provide some additional value.
Larry Merlo: And Tom, I think I just take on that we're certainly focused on accelerating what we're talking about as the transformation of the PBM, bringing more products and services to market and rationalizing our costs through the streamlining initiative, as well as speeding our response time to market changes, allowing us to be more nimble and being able to do things faster, better and at a lower cost. And the result of all that will be a stronger bottom line.
Larry Merlo: Let me go back and just emphasize the point on the streamlining initiative. Because when you think about technology -- on the Retail side of the business, we have made integration of systems a core competency. And we are taking those processes that we've learned over the years, some from trial and error, and we're applying that to the streamlining initiatives. So that gives us a high degree of confidence that we can do this seamlessly and make it transparent for our customers.
Larry Merlo: And back to your first question, I think Dave and Per sums it up well. I just want to emphasize that we acknowledge the disappointment with the results. I look at 2010 as the year where Per did a great job on organization and infrastructure. And I think it's important not to lose sight of the wins that we had, sales wins in 2010. That we have several million more lives under contract, which certainly bodes well for our future, a lot of those in the Aetna business. And the opportunity that we have to improve the profitability of that business over time. So we certainly have a good foundation that's been established and one that we can certainly build on as we move forward.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Steve. I'll take the first part and then flip it over to Dave. But our plan focuses on three key areas of improvement across the supply chain: around people, process, technology. We've completed the people piece with new leadership as well as alignment across the supply chain to include incentives of those involved. From a technology perspective, we have all the tools in place to include our warehouse management system, where we now have a single view across all of our distribution centers. And from a process point of view, we're working today to implement changes around ordering methodology with outside suppliers as well as replenishment logic in our distribution system. And then at the same time, we're seeing benefits from the clustering initiative that we have in place. So we will see those benefits throughout the first half of the year. And I'll turn it over to Dave for the second.
Larry Merlo: Well, Mark, as we've talked in the past, we think that we have been seeing the intended impact of AMP as we've seen compression going back to, I guess, the fall of 2009 with State Medicaid reimbursement. And I think with a lot of the definitional issues behind us around AMP, we're expecting that we'll be able to actually see some data in the first quarter and be able to true-up, if you will, the assumptions that we've made against the actual definition.
Larry Merlo: Yes. As I mentioned earlier, Mark, we have seen an uptick in flu activity, started the very end of December and it continued through January. That's been somewhat mitigated with a lot of the weather issues that we've been dealing with across the Midwest and East Coast. But we're pretty pleased with -- recognizing those factors, we're pleased with how January looked.
Larry Merlo: Well, Meredith, when we talked about why we believe 2012 will be the year that we break trends on the profit line. In the PBM, generics is certainly a key to that. And we have -- there's no question that generics are going to benefit our business just as they benefit the consumer as well as the payer. So qualitatively, there's no question that it's a benefit for us, and the biggest wave is ahead of us. We have been silent in terms of quantifying that, recognizing that there are a couple variables in play, those being the number suppliers as well as the timing of the exclusivity period. And it becomes very difficult to quantify the exact timings of the benefits without those two variables being answered.
Larry Merlo: Well, Meredith, anybody that can answer that question definitively is going to buy a lottery ticket tonight, I think. But I mean, I think that there is a recognition by all concerned that there needs to be some type of healthcare reform in the country. I think that we're probably going to see somewhat of a gridlock based on the change in Congress. But I believe that there will be some outcome. I'm not sure of the timing of it. But I think that there is a wide recognition that when you think about access, cost and quality, there has to be some solutions that deal with all three of those pillars of healthcare reform, if you will. And I think what's good for our industry is pharmacy is certainly front and center as being an important part of the solution. There are more and more studies being published that quantify the value of pharmacy care in lowering overall healthcare costs. And we are certainly in a unique position with our integrated assets to be a significant part of the solution.
Larry Merlo: Well, it's too early to comment on any specifics around '12 other than what we alluded to earlier, that we certainly have some factors that give us confidence that we will break trend in 2012. And I think that Dave summed up the five-year CAGR pretty well earlier, in terms of there's going to be some years that'll be behind the CAGR number and there's going to be years where we'll be ahead. And we remain confident in that number, recognizing all of the factors that we've covered at one point or another throughout the call, from Aetna to Med D to generics and other things that haven't happened yet.
Larry Merlo: Well, John, I think we still have upside in the Retail business. And if you think about some of the initiatives that we've talked about that is work underway, I believe the clustering initiative that we have has huge opportunities for us as we move down the road. And as we've talked, we've been focused on the Urban Cluster. But we're looking to take that to two other clusters and beginning to experiment around the second cluster with no results yet other than it's work in progress. There's still upside from the acquisitions, especially Longs, but we haven't hit the core run rate at Osco Sav-On. We continue to improve, so there's room there. We've talked about how we continue to innovate with ExtraCare to drive top line sales profitably, and we think there is opportunity there. When you move over to pharmacy, I think with everything that we've talked about, our pharmacists are moving from being not just the dispenser of products but a provider of services. And I think that there is upside as we think about adherence programs, gaps in care, and the pharmacists will be a key part of that solution. And when you look at expenses, we're going to be able to take expenses out as a result of the inventory initiative that we have underway. So I still see opportunities in the retail side of our business to continue to grow.
Larry Merlo: Well, I think there's probably going to be some ebbs and flows in that. I think that in this environment, it's a little easier to do that because we're not experiencing the wage pressures that we've seen in prior years, but I'm sure that there'll be years where we will experience it.
Larry Merlo: Scott, the comp guidance, the 1% to 3% that you mentioned was for the first quarter. Our comp guidance for the year is 2.5% to 4.5%.
Larry Merlo: And Scott, the other thing I'd mention is, as mentioned earlier, we're not expecting any improvement in the economy that could have some potential upside as well as we have a number of initiatives across both the Retail and PBM businesses. So to the extent that they produce better results than what we have in our models, there could potentially be some upside there.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Neil, that's a great question, and we have no plan to consider any options. We've set financial targets over the next several years to make this a very financially productive asset and, in doing so, provide shareholder value. I think we've outlined today that we have a plan that is in place to execute against those financial targets. And as long as we continue to meet those targets, there is no reason to consider any options or alternatives.
Larry Merlo: Well, listen, it was a long call this morning. We appreciate everybody's time and participation. And as is always the case, any follow-up questions can go to Nancy. And thanks, everyone.
David Denton: Matt, in terms of the first question around expenses, we have certainly been able to leverage the benefits of the loans integration. And as employees in the Longs stores were more accustomed to the technology and the policies and procedures, there is certainly SG&A leverage that we saw, probably throughout the second half of the year, but certainly in the fourth quarter when you compare that to the prior year. We're also seeing some benefits as a result of the technology that we rolled out, both what I alluded to in my remarks around the completion of both the RxConnect as well as the Consumer Engagement Engine at retail. That does provide some efficiencies in our pharmacy that we did not have prior to that. In terms of your question around comps, I think that we're looking at a couple key drivers throughout the year. And one is, what type of flu season will we see. And I will say that the first month of January, we have seen flu activity. We were not expecting flu to return to the levels that we saw in 2009. We had forecasted it to be more of a normalized flu season. So we'll see how that progresses over time. And we're not expecting any improvements in the economy. We don't believe it's going to get any worse. We think it's stabilized, but we don't think we're going to see this dramatic uptick. We think that the recession has gone on for an extended period of time and that customers are developing or have developed new routines that even if things do get better, they may not revert back to the practices of two or three years ago. And I think as we move into the second half of the year, we will be comping up against some softer numbers.
David Denton: Eric, that's a great question. I guess, we'll take it in two components. The first is the top line growth that we outlined. Keep in mind that we had a very productive selling season for 2011, and we're going to add just with Universal American and the MA-PD [Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug] business associated with Universal American. Again, some very healthy top line growth into '12. So I feel very confident in the top line of our business. Secondly, the operating profit growth that we have forecasted for the next five years from a PBM perspective, we see the pathway to get to those numbers. We feel confident that we'll be able to achieve those over time. As we said on Analyst Day, there's going to be years in which growth rates can be better. And there's going to be years in which growth rate is going to be less. But we feel comfortable for our projections from now through 2015.
David Denton: Maybe I'll kick this off in a financial perspective and kind of move it around the table here a little bit. First and foremost, as we talked about in Analyst Day, our focus for the next five years is that, one, that we'll continue to gain share and we'll continue to retain the clients that we have. We're beginning to demonstrate that now through 2011 with strong top line performance and strong retention performance. Secondly, we're investing in areas that are high growth opportunities for us, both specialty and Medicare Part D. And we think those are big opportunities as you think about growth in this segment for the next several years. Furthermore, with either health reform and/or the use of prescription medication in the grain of America, you're going to see utilization trends that are also going to be a tailwind to our business over that time frame. Again, relaying what Per just talked about, Aetna at the moment is in, I'd say, its initial phase of implementation. Over time, we believe that contract to be very productive for us over the next five years. So there's a lot of factors that we believe that can drive our performance over the next several years to achieve those targets, and we're very committed to that.
David Denton: Yes. To be clear, we're very focused on improving our inventory performance, primarily in the Retail side of our business. We're targeting taking $1 billion of inventory out of the retail operations. But keep in mind that we are very focused and committed to improving working capital across all components of working capital. And you're seeing some of that results begin to take hold in Q4. We think there's a big opportunity as you go into '11 and even further into '12.
David Denton: And then I also say, just from a returns perspective, if you think about the infrastructure we have in place with our current Medicare Part D insurance company, combined that with the infrastructure we have from a PBM perspective that services those lives, we have the infrastructure in place to very productively add additional lives into that asset base without incurring a substantial amount of incremental capital, improving returns on that business. So we think it's a real opportunity for us.
David Denton: And then I think finally, just with the structure of Medicare Part D and how the government overlaid essentially a risk insurance quarter on top of that business, we're not taking on substantially the amount of risk as with a traditional, let's say, health plan insurer.
David Denton: John, this is Dave. I don't know if I can clarify exactly by year how those CAGRs will play out. But at the end of the day, there are some years in which generics is going to be very productive for us, and there's going to be some years in which we get the rap of acquisitions or we get the rap of some of the initiatives that we have underway, both in the PBM and Retail. So it's kind of hard to quantify that or give you a specific right now.
David Denton: Well, I think that over time though, even post -- everybody talks about the generic wave in '12 and '13. But even post-'12 and -13, the generics can be very productive for us after that. Secondly, we're growing our business in ways that we think long term can be also very productive with Medicare Part D and specialty. So I think while -- margin pressures are a reality in our business, and we're doing what we need to do to manage productively through that.
David Denton: Well, maybe I'll talk about it, to start with. I guess the first thing that I want to point everybody to is our free cash flow. I mean, if you think about the performance in '10 and then the accelerated performance in '11 from a free cash flow perspective, I think it's an area that the market has generally underestimated our power here. Keep in mind though, earnings, the adjusted earnings that we just outlined from a guidance perspective next year, shows an improvement of 1% to 5%, that's the range. But if you look at our free cash flow guidance, it's excess of 20%. And I think we have not yet -- the market hasn't yet fully appreciated that power in our business. And I guess from a segment perspective, as far as upside, we're very focused against both of our segments. We've made a commitment to operating performance, and we're very focused on living up to those commitments.
David Denton: Well, keep in mind that we're starting from a point from an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio a little on the high side. So we'll continue to get that adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio in the range of 2.7x. So I fully expect that any excess cash that we would have, we would deploy that in a way that's productive for shareholders at the end of the day, whether that be through increase our dividends or that be through improving and enhancing our share buyback program.
David Denton: Yes, they're still the same. We expect about $0.02 in 2011, and then it would grow to about $0.05 in 2012.
David Denton: Well, I think Larry laid out in his presentation a series of factors that are going to be driving our performance in the long term, and most of it will happen within 2012. So I'll focus back to that.
