Larry J. Merlo: Thanks, Dave. Before moving into the Q&A, I did want to share our approach and actions in dealing with the rhetoric around the drug pricing debate. We have been and continue to be a very active voice in Washington with regard to healthcare issues. In fact, at the beginning of this Congress, we outlined a series of proactive proposals to lower drug costs. And these proposals focus on increasing competition in the drug market, strengthening the ability to use our drug management tools, and easing out-of-pocket costs for consumers, and we have seen action on a number of fronts. Foremost, the new FDA Commissioner has embraced proposals to prioritize the review of generic drug applications, launching a Drug Competition Action Plan. And as part of this plan, the agency has published a list of more than 260 off-patent branded drugs without approved generics in order to encourage the development of ANDAs in markets without competition. Additionally, the FDA now will expedite the review of generic drug applications until there are three approved generics for a given product, recognizing that patients do see significant price reductions when there are multiple generics available. And we're already seeing results, as May and June of this year have seen the most generic drug approvals since the FDA began tallying its monthly approvals. We're also engaged with the administration at all levels, and our discussions have increased the understanding of the value of the PBM, are highlighting the significant savings being generated in Medicare Part D, and are providing solutions for consumers to better afford the drugs they purchase at our pharmacy counters. And there's still more that can be done. We're piloting the use of technology to provide drug pricing information to both the patient and the prescriber at the point of prescription. This dramatically changes the conversation with policymakers, several of whom have expressed great interest in these capabilities. And ultimately, we believe continuing to demonstrate the role that CVS Health plays in making healthcare more affordable, more accessible, and more effective will be the winning strategy. So with that, let's go ahead and open it up for your questions.
Larry J. Merlo: Scott, listen. It's Larry. I think as you've heard many talk about, there are many barriers to entry when you're looking at pharmacy. And I think most people are thinking about pharmacy as another distribution point. But pharmacy is also about the clinical outcomes that are provided. And in an environment where there's a migration to more value-based care, those clinical capabilities are going to continue to grow in importance. It's highly regulated, so the barriers to entry are high. And you know the role that – today you've got more than 90% of prescriptions that are covered by some type of third-party insurance, so there's an awful lot of work that exists between pharmacists working with payers and physicians to provide that care. And we know the role that pharmacists play in the community. We've seen mail-order pharmacy decline to some degree over the last couple years, and patients put a lot of value in the trust and the relationship that they have with their community with their retail pharmacist. So I don't think there's anything that is in the near-term world that changes those dynamics. I think as you flip over and think about the front store, listen, there are many more online retailers today than what we had five years ago. And the CVS Pharmacy model is built on convenience, when you think about 9,700 points of access and the fact that you've got almost 80% of the U.S. population that lives within a few miles of a CVS. And over the last couple years we've been working hard to define what omni-channel means for us and means for those customers, and have been investing in our digital tools and capabilities to provide more of an omni-channel experience. So listen, there's no question that Amazon is a competitor in the marketplace. They've done a great job, and you don't take anything that they're doing for granted. But at the same time, I think that we have a lot of capabilities and a value proposition that can compete effectively in the market.
Larry J. Merlo: Lisa, the relationships, the things that we talked about in the prepared remarks, I think those products are out being sold in the marketplace as we speak. We don't expect it to have any material impact in 2017, and we hope to see it begin to ramp up in 2018 and beyond because we think that there is a robust pipeline. At the same time, I think we've learned from our experience between Caremark and our health plan clients the challenges that exist in terms of selling those products in the marketplace, so it will take some time. In terms of Med D. I think you've seen some announcements that this is work in progress. We'll have more to say on this at the end of the year, but CVS Pharmacy will be preferred in Aetna's Medicare Part D network beginning in 2018. So I think that there's progress being made as we continue to evaluate those opportunities.
Larry J. Merlo: Lisa, I would say at this point and for the foreseeable future, we view it as a positive for our business. And it would be interesting if we can ever find a point where that hypothesis that you mentioned would – we've got a long way to go before we get to that point. Maybe that's the right way to say it.
Larry J. Merlo: John, I'll start and then I think Jon will want to jump in here. John, the learnings that we've got from the Transform Diabetes Care, I would say it's largely come from the pilot program. And I think what we found is that – keep in mind that there are two parts to this program. There's the client part in terms of which we're telling them that we can control their costs in a differentiated way, recognizing that diabetes has been a contributor to trends over the last couple years. And for the patient, we're working with them in terms of providing more effective care and a better health outcome by monitoring their blood glucose in real time and avoiding unnecessary visits to the physician or to the emergency room. So the pilot program demonstrated for us that we can improve the patient outcome and reduce costs for the client. That's what we're out there selling right now, and there has been a high level of interest. But again, those programs are being sold in the marketplace, so we'll have more to say on that later this year or early next year in terms of the traction that it's getting.
Larry J. Merlo: John, I think the question that we've talked about probably every year for the last several is that I wouldn't describe reimbursement pressure as increasing from its historic levels. I think the dynamic that we see, at least this year, is the offsets associated with that reimbursement pressure are more challenging than what may have existed in prior years. And you would expect there are going to be ebbs and flows to that, whether it's the contribution that new generics can make to the market or other dynamics underway. You've heard us talk, John, about the migration to – and we're talking about value-based networks. And I do think that dynamic will change the construct of networks because now pharmacy networks will not be simply defined by location and price, they'll be defined by clinical capabilities and outcomes. And I think that will create a different dynamic than what exists today in terms of who can participate and who can't when you look at clinical capabilities.
Larry J. Merlo: And, Bob, FEP continues to be extremely satisfied with the levels of service that we're providing for their members.
Larry J. Merlo: Ann, the only other thing I would add is that we had talked about some of the technology investments and enhancements that we needed to make in that business, and those have largely been complete. So now it's a question of executing those new capabilities. And in addition to what Dave mentioned, there are opportunities to improve the productivity and efficiency in that business as well.
Larry J. Merlo: And, Ann, the other point in terms of getting comfortable with that, keep in mind that Part D has been growing at a pretty significant rate and represents a bigger portion of the PBM business than it would have last year or the year prior.
Larry J. Merlo: No. Steve, it's Larry. I don't think that anything has changed with that as a variable. I think that as we talked a fair amount about in our prepared remarks, I think the dialogue around network configuration is about capabilities, and I don't think there's anything associated with Walgreens-Rite Aid that changes that dynamic.
Larry J. Merlo: Listen, our relationship continues to be very good. We talked about where we're going with Med D on the CVS Pharmacy side. Next year we'll be taking on a portion of Aetna's rebating. And as we alluded to earlier, we continue to partner very closely with their sales organization in selling in our unique integrated products, whether it's Maintenance Choice or some of the other products you heard us talk about earlier today. So I think our two organizations are working extremely well together in a cohesive and complementary fashion.
Larry J. Merlo: Ross, I think, as Dave outlined the focus in terms of delivering 2017, we're also working in terms of how do we plan and prepare for the future. And I think we feel very good about the quality of the work that's been done in terms of the new relationships on the CVS Pharmacy and related business side, and equally important, the innovation that is coming to market through the PBM. The Transform Care programs and some of the things that we talked about that Jon alluded to in his comments as well, and the work that is being done in terms of allowing us to be an even more efficient and productive provider on the streamlining, that work is on target and is moving in the right trajectory. So we feel very good about the work that's being done that prepares us for the future.
Larry J. Merlo: Ross, listen. There's no question that there is a high sense of urgency in the organization in terms of delivering on the things that both Dave and I alluded to. So I feel very good in terms of how the organization has responded and has rallied to the charge to work with speed and in focus. So I'm very proud of the work of our CVS Health colleagues, and I don't think we can ask any more of them in terms of the effort and the work they're doing.
Larry J. Merlo: So listen, we know this was a long call. We had a lot of information to talk about, and we certainly appreciate everyone's interest and attention. And if there's any follow-up, don't hesitate to call Mike McGuire.
David M. Denton: That's correct. There's a little bit of softness due to volume in retail and a little bit of softness due to specialty at the operating profit line and some investments that we're making to drive the long term. But all of that's being mainly offset through both tax rate and our performance from the share repurchase program.
David M. Denton: Ricky, this is Dave. As typical in the PBM space, profitability within a new client is pretty thin in the first years. And I would say that as we look forward to profitability in these contracts next year versus this year, I'd say more or less on a comparable basis consistent with year over year. I do think one of our challenges and that we work hard on is once we onboard a client is making sure that we work to improve their performance, drive value for them and drive value for us, whether that's shifting to new generics, whether that's improving clinical outcomes, whether it's moving into some value arrangements. And that's the program that we constantly run, and that is something that our organization and our teams are consistently focused on.
David M. Denton: Ricky, it's probably a little too early to talk specifically about 2018. As you know, we're targeting 10% adjusted earnings per share growth over time. We said that some years will be better than that. Some years will be light to that. We're obviously working hard to get ourselves back to a growth platform here. From a tax reform perspective, we are encouraged by the progress and the discussions that are occurring around tax reform. We are not waiting on tax reform to make investments in our business. I think at a nearly 40% tax rate all-in from both federal and state, we're more likely than not to be a beneficiary of tax reform. So therefore, it will enhance our performance over time. So we're not going to wait for that to come through legislatively. We're going to work towards making investments in our business that make the most sense long term.
David M. Denton: Ricky, we've probably not much comment there. We obviously continue to look at the healthcare space pretty holistically. I think our platform from a pharmacy care management perspective is pretty robust. I do think there are still areas that we can continue to invest on that platform and continue to add value to both our shareholders and to the clients and members that we serve, but I can't probably give you any more specifics at this point.
David M. Denton: I think materially, they're fairly consistent with what we expected, so no big changes there. I think as you've seen, our script delivery for the first half of the year within the Retail/Long-Term Care segment has been pretty consistent with expectations. We are seeing a little softness from a market perspective, so our go-forward guidance reflects that. I would also say that just from a Long-Term Care perspective, we're seeing bed census lower, so that obviously had some effect on script delivery in that portion of our business.
David M. Denton: Mike, I don't think we've seen much change from that perspective. This continues to be an area where we've excelled in Part D. Our set of services and products are priced very competitively. We've been able to drive a lot of value, and we continue to grow share and membership in this space over the last several years. And I think it's important to note that we're not only growing share within our PDP business. At the same time, the capabilities that we deliver from a PBM perspective are allowing our health plan partners and clients to grow share within their base, so we're participating in both aspects of that business.
David M. Denton: I think this is largely tied to the timing of break-open generics as we think about the back half of this year. So you would think a little bit about that driving that performance. Also, when you get to the fourth quarter, you start overlapping the restricted network changes as it relates to TRICARE. So that overlap helps, at least from a growth perspective – maybe not the rate, but it certainly helps from a growth perspective.
David M. Denton: Ann, this is Dave. I think the softness from a volume perspective is a little bit of both, both Long-Term Care and we're just seeing some softness in retail more broadly. And by the way, that's just a tweak, that's not a major trend break, so we're just tweaking that guidance expectation around the edges here. I do think what you see in the skilled nursing facility space, you're seeing length of stay and just that census come down a little bit in the marketplace. And as that has occurred, that affects Omnicare disproportionally greater because it has a fairly sizable share in that space. I will say as we think about new beds and as we think about marketing and offering new services to new clients and new operators, I think our products are resonating in the marketplace. I feel like we're nicely positioned here. We have a little industry headwinds as we cycle in the back half of this year in that business as it relates to volumes.
David M. Denton: This is largely a Medicare Part D PDP topic. There's a little bit of investments we're making in the corridor from a cost perspective, driving initiatives, but this is largely Medicare Part D. And I'll just reiterate a little bit of what I said before. If you took Medicare Part D, our PDP, and you excluded it from all periods this year and last year, our PBM year-over-year growth in Q3 and Q4 would be very much in line with the growth that we saw in Q2.
David M. Denton: Yes, and one last topic there. Just also, as I said earlier to Bob's comment I believe or question, is when we get to the fourth quarter, we begin to wrap the impact of the TRICARE decision to restrict the network. And that took effect December of last year, but we started feeling the effects of that a little earlier than December.
David M. Denton: They certainly have not impacted at this point in time our retail performance. Keep in mind, what we have done, and this is just one I'll say product offering or service offering that we provide to PBMs in the marketplace, the option to sell in services related to CVS Pharmacy. And as they sell them in, we begin to get share. And part of that could be a narrow network. Part of it could be a clinical offering. Part of it could be communications with their members. And so we expect that over time, the success of how they sell those lives into their book of business and then over time we will gain share. Our experience with health plans is that it takes time for share to come through. We're optimistic about what we see in the marketplace, but we will have to watch carefully and help those members transition into our channel over time. So I'm not prepared at this point in time to give you a definitive number. I do think – as we look forward for the next several periods, we do think there's an opportunity to grow share into our channel.
David M. Denton: Dave, we're obviously exploring all options with that business. I don't think the HUB connectivity to our Specialty businesses is important to us, so that could be disconnected easily, so we're not focused on that at this point in time.
David M. Denton: It has nothing to do with growth. It really has to do with how the members utilize the benefit and when they hit those risk corridors at what stage. So it's not really affecting the year, and our performance in the business is really simply a shift between Q3 to Q4 from a profitability delivery perspective.
David M. Denton: Ross, this is Dave. I'll start a little bit maybe with some color around this year. I think if you look at our performance year to date, we've largely delivered on the expectations that we set forth at the beginning of this year. I think that the organization continues to focus on driving as much growth as possible. We know this is a rebuilding year, but we've largely been able to through the first half of the year deliver on our top line and our bottom line. I think as we look forward, we made some slight tweaks as we've seen the industry soften a little bit from a volume perspective, but literally tweaks around that. I think the good thing too is despite the fact that because of those tweaks, we've had a little softness in the operating profit delivery in the back half of the year, our strong cash flow has allowed us to continue to deliver from an adjusted earnings per share a range that hasn't really moved. In fact, it actually increased $0.03 midpoint to midpoint. So I think we feel very good about what we've done. We have a lot of work ahead of us. We're focused on that. So with that, maybe I'll turn it to Larry.
Jonathan C. Roberts: And, John, this is Jon. We've been talking for many years about the value of adherence and lowering overall healthcare costs. And I think this diabetes program, which is our clients' top priority when they look at their population and what's driving their overall healthcare costs. So it really is positioning us as a partner to not only provide pharmacy services but also to help manage the overall healthcare costs for those clients. And so the response has been very positive. People are interested in solutions. There have been solutions in the marketplace, but they are point solutions, so they can now come to us and get a comprehensive program and we can talk about not only their pharmacy costs but their medical costs. And we expect to roll Transform Care programs out for four additional disease states over the next 24 months, and that will be asthma, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, and depression. And we tell our clients that these members have to be in one of our channels to get the value of these programs. So I do think there is share shift. There will be share shift that comes as clients adopt these programs and we demonstrate our ability to lower overall healthcare costs.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Ricky, this is Jon. The only other thing I would add is about half our wins are in the government space, and they probably perform more like health plans because they're limited in the programs they can adopt. So I would probably think of it along those lines.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Mike, if anything, I think the dialogue is probably the reverse; that are there things that exist within the Medicare space that should be applied to Medicaid. And you think about the fact that there is still a large percentage of Medicaid fee-for-service that there are opportunities to reduce costs across the country and in many state Medicaid programs by migrating some of the tools that exist in other spaces.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Bob, this is Jon. They had two one-year options to extend the contract. They had exercised one, and this is the exercising of that second one-year option.
Jonathan C. Roberts: This is Jon. We're not any less aggressive than we've ever been. And quite candidly, we've been able to demonstrate that we can move share away from product. So these pharma companies are coming back to the table trying to get back into our formulary and bringing value. That then makes sense for us to add those drugs back in those therapeutic classes. And we've been very conservative about adding drugs back, but we felt like this was a year and there was enough value for our clients to make moves that you saw with our new formulary announcement.
Jonathan C. Roberts: This is Jon. The contract runs through 2019, and we expect it to go out to RFP at that point. There are no more extensions left.
