Thomas Ryan: Thanks, Dave. As Nancy said, the Presidents of our Retail and PBM businesses, Larry Merlo and Per Lofberg are with us today. So before opening it up for questions, I'd just like to ask Larry to take a minute or two to talk about why he's confident that the Retail business can achieve the growth that we projected, in spite of a softening economy and weaker-than-expected flu.
Thomas Ryan: I'll just briefly make some comments and let Per jump in. But from a pricing standpoint, we think the market's similar to what it's been from the past five to 10 years. It's competitive, it's aggressive but at the end of the day, clients want the right service and they want the right clinical programs that are going to lower their overall healthcare costs. So it's a balance between pricing and service. I think pricing in the market is still rational and competitive. People have always gone, maybe aggressively after certain clients, and it's been the way for the last 10 to 15 years. And that's the way it'll continue to be. But overall, there's no dramatic changes. And I think we were open and honest when we said we lost some plans because of isolated service issues. And no one ever likes to talk about that. And the reason they say they always lose it is because of price. So overall, I think our pricing is pretty rational and consistent where it's been in the past. As part of the clinical programs, Larry, you want to mention anything about that as far as our offerings around the advisor...
Thomas Ryan: Yes, Scott. We don't report the comps on a monthly basis. You also know you can see the transfer from the intercompany transfer side of the business that we're picking up share. So directionally, we're not going to report on April comps. We're extremely pleased with the client reception on Maintenance Choice.
Thomas Ryan: And you can look at the numbers that Per has point that were showing the performance, basically in a typical mail environment in a call center environment with a standalone PBM we had Caremark previously. And then what it looks like with an integrated approach as far as adherence programs, generic dispensing compliance. We're seeing much better performance than e-mails. They've seen the numbers on the actual pilot. The other piece I would add, we'll move on, the ultimate goal here is to expand the clinical capability to others in the pharmacy retail network. At the end of the day, we're trying to figure it out in our own network and how we can do it easy and simple for the pharmacist and the patient. And we think we've got it. We know we have it now with this consumer engagement engine. And the question is how we move that on to others in the network and other pharmacies that we can pay for performance around what they do on the clinical side. So that's the ultimate goal.
Thomas Ryan: We're in that range. Here's the issue, we don't want to talk specifically about the renewal rates, but we'll say that we're in good shape right now. But directionally that's the number, that's right. Obviously less of our book of business than we usually have.
Thomas Ryan: I'd rather really wait, Lisa, on the -- we have had obviously some new accounts, you know, the ones that are out there publicly around the state of Tennessee, and the Mass GIC. Those are publicly stated accounts. We've had some others. But I don't want to get into the practice of naming each account. We are in good shape from a renewal standpoint. And then also from some new clients that we're taking in in 2011. As far as the breakdown of each of those, we're getting obviously an increased amount of reception on the Maintenance Choice side of the business. I can tell you I've met with a number of clients, I'm going to meet with two others at the end of this month. Initially we're hesitant on Maintenance Choice. But now, we looked at it as a way to save the payer money, save the plan money and save their employees' money by moving to the Maintenance Choice option. So we continue to get a lot of uptick on that, and the generic step therapy program. We continue to get uptick on that. So to my earlier comment, this is about lowering overall costs. You have to be price-competitive on the pharmacy side, you have to continue to lower and control pharmacy spend appropriately and pharmacy trend appropriately. But at the end of the day, it's about service and it's about lowering overall healthcare costs in the acceptance of the clinical programs. So people are seeing the clinical programs that we're offering out there and receptive to it. But I don't want to break it down by client.
Thomas Ryan: Meredith, I would just add that we obviously have pretty good relationship with our suppliers. And the reason we have good relationship is because we can move share. If you look at our performance on the front end of our business, we led the industry for a number of years. When suppliers work with us, to Larry's point, on supply chain costs and productivity and policies, they see results. So to Larry's point, it's a constant just everyday business. It's not the project du jour.
Thomas Ryan: Sure. Better profitability, better productivity. We're looking to improve productivity and skew optimization and at the same time, balancing what's right for the customer. I use the old example years ago, people would come in and offer us an unbelievable price just to have one particular beverage and not carry any other beverages. Well, at the end of the day, that's shortsighted. You have to give the consumer what they want. So it's a balance between leveraging our size and scale and giving the consumer what they want. But just the answer to your question, we think it will be beneficial.
Thomas Ryan: We're certainly getting pressure, individual states with trying to balance the budgets. We've seen pressure from individual states, and they're looking at ways to save money as an industry and individually as a company. We go to states and talk about ways we can save the money through generics, through co-pays. But what I think will actually happen, and I may be off base, but I think the states are going to be more receptive to looking at plan designs that perhaps they weren't as receptive to before around step therapy, around co-pays, around limited formularies. So that's one of the options. As far as when the AMP is going to come in, we're not sure. We think we came out pretty good from a senate side on the way it's being calculated. But it's certainly a hit, but not as big as it could have been.
Thomas Ryan: It's what we're seeing. When you get a call from the pharmacist that you have a relationship with, you're certainly more inclined to do it. We see performance double and triple because they respect and trust the pharmacist. The flip side to that is our pharmacists love it. People say, "Well, how can a pharmacist do it?" They make time to do it and they like it because that's what they're trained to do. So there's a receptivity for our people.
Thomas Ryan: And that's a discussion that we'll have obviously with our Board. We continue to have it. And we certainly have bought shares back, and we'll continue to look at the opportunities on a go-forward basis.
Thomas Ryan: And then also during that time, we had, obviously as you know, with all the acquisitions that we do, we have special programs to remove merchandise that we don't carry. So you get some artificial pop in those sales that you're competing against that also. You'll see, as we said, as we go throughout the year as those comparisons get better.
Thomas Ryan: We haven't -- Massachusetts, the experiment in Massachusetts obviously is still the experiment. And this is back to this issue of when we might agree with the healthcare policy, one might disagree with the physical policy on how it's going to be reimbursed. We haven't seen a large or significant increase in Massachusetts. Don't forget we have a pretty significant share in that state. So if it moves the needle, it didn't move it appreciably for us on the connect. But the bigger issue is that the country is going to learn from that and think about how we're going to pay for that, because you do get expanded coverage. And the question is how do you -- not only prescription coverage, but also medical coverage and how does one pay for it. To answer your question specifically, from our perspective we haven't seen a significant increase and I think it's mostly because of just this year's size and share we have.
Thomas Ryan: Once again, you're getting payers to, it's an important part, it's a growth. It's an important part of their spend. They're obviously working to pull it out of medical and see where we can actually impact it. And there's certain specialty drugs that shouldn't be prescribed, perhaps by primary care physicians. And so once again, it's not just about increasing utilization of pharmaceuticals. It's about the appropriate utilization of pharmaceuticals. And that $200 million annual savings that we had in Specialty, a part of that was because we took people off medications that they shouldn't have been on. I think you know that's what clients are looking for us. They're looking to us to provide solutions around that. And given our history, we believe, obviously, it will help us position us better for the future.
Thomas Ryan: Just to add to that, 60-plus million ExtraCare cards, we got a 10-year head start on any of our competitors. We've always said we're a pharmacy that's convenient. We are not a convenience store. And people pushed away from loyalty cards, and we're glad we got the 10-year head start because that's another reason manufacturers want to work with us around the supply chain, because they can target their spend to the appropriate consumer. Our best customers are our most profitable customers, and those are the ones that we're driving. The manufacturer can target their spend. So therefore they're more inclined to give us better pricing and work with us more efficiently because we can target their spend. And I think that's a big, big edge for us in the front end of our business especially.
Thomas Ryan: Like pricing on the PBM side of our business, that's always been part of the industry. It's always a challenge as the PBMs are out negotiating and working on behalf of their clients. We're out looking what's in the best interest of our payer and ultimately, their employee was their member. So we're negotiating on the PBM side of our business in that way, and then we negotiate with the retail network. It's the same thing that's done with us by other PBMs. They were all looking for what's the best way to negotiate the best price and balance that with appropriate coverage, appropriate service. And that's always gone on. And that will continue go on.
Thomas Ryan: I don't know. I can't speak for my peers. I'm just saying that when we look at our business, third-party margins and third party pressure has always been in the industry. I can remember when people said what are you going to when third parties was 90% of your business, or margins, you just figure out a way to run the business. There's pressure from states, there's pressure from third party plans and there's pressure from payers and I don't think its an immersive effect in that it has been in the past. It's just something that we all have to deal it. We deal with it from a provider side and the payer side.
Thomas Ryan: Yes, I think we've talked about that a fair amount in the past. And we've reported on it. There's some obviously some special interest groups that are we think are using some misinformation in the marketplace. We let the competitive marketplace and the consumer and the patient and the payer decide. And if we can have a plan in place, like Maintenance Choice, and extend our mail option, it's just some extension of mail. It's just that we have the ability to do it, maybe others don't, but it's the extension of mail. And I remember when mail came in, people said, "Well that was anti-competitive, and you can't have mandatory mail and people complain." I think it stands up to the light of day when it lowers price for the payer, it lowers price for the ultimate consumer, and it produces better outcomes. So I think some of the noise you're hearing in the marketplace is not necessarily targeted to better healthcare. It focused on better healthcare and better healthcare outcomes that have, maybe, a different agenda.
Thomas Ryan: We don't obviously want to share that information, but the fact that we're rolling it out, I think it kind of speaks for itself. And we're on Today's Show in Ellen DeGeneres and USA Today. And so we were pretty happy with the results there, Neil.  Thanks a lot, and appreciate you taking the time. And as always, if you have any questions, you can call Nancy Christal at Investor Relations. Thanks a lot.
Larry Merlo: Well thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. There are several factors that are expected to help drive our retail performance. And let me just comment on some of the business specifics that I believe will positively impact our second half expectation. First is the growth from the Longs acquisition. And that is due in part to the absence of the one-time integration costs that we had last year, and the fact that we expect to see improved performance in the second half of this year. Now I think as you heard Tom mention earlier, these expectations are modeled after the Osco/Sav-On acquisition. And of course, the comparisons should also be easier as we'll be comping up against the disruption of last year's remodels. Our second is our adherence programs in the pharmacy. We should see the benefit of the Consumer Engagement Engine rollout for improved execution, as many of the processes that we have today are manual. And with CEE, we'll become automated into our pharmacy workflow. Additionally, initiatives to improve gross margins in the front end of our business are underway. And that should help drive our growth in the second half. We've been working with suppliers to improve margin performance on a  category-by-category basis. We've also been working to refine and tailor our store merchandising programs, recognizing that not all stores are shopped the same. Some of you may recall at last year's Analyst Meeting, we talked about our efforts around tailoring and clustering. And we are in the process of rolling out our Urban Cluster program. The group of stores represents about 20% of our base. And we're improving the category assortment, hours of operation, the check-out experience. And at the same time, we're also doubling the consumable space in about half of our stores to take advantage of quick shopping trips. Now both of these tailoring programs are focused on increasing the number of trips to our stores. And the pilot results have been very encouraging. So we expect these two programs to benefit the second half as we begin to rollout these changes more broadly. Another factor driving the second half is the continued growth in Maintenance Choice. There's more Caremark clients adopt the program and their members take advantage of the flexibility the program affords. In addition, while we've talked about a weak seasonal flu period in Q1, we do expect the strong demand for flu shots as we go through the balance of the year. We're expecting to double flu shots this year with our pharmacists more broadly trained to administer vaccination.  And finally, we expect to maintain and grow our retail share through continued focus on store level execution. Now certainly, we take nothing for granted. Like everyone else in the industry, we're battling a tough economic environment and the continued pressures around pharmacy reimbursement rates. And as a result, we know that we have to continue to earn our stripes everyday. That being said, the road map that I've just reviewed, I think, hit some of the highlights of our business that should allow us to achieve the growth targets that Dave laid out for you for the full year. So Tom, I'll turn it back to you.
Larry Merlo: Sure. The couple of flagship programs that are featured in almost every of our type negotiations today are the Maintenance Choice program and the so-called pharmacy advisor program, and I think into next year, the generic testing program that Tom alluded to in his introduction. I think all of those programs will be important, kind of value-added component in terms of both improving medical outcomes and driving down healthcare costs. And they're certainly being well-received as we present them across our existing customers and also introduce them into the new client negotiations that we're bidding onto accounts.
Larry Merlo: Meredith, it's really normal everyday business in terms of all of the various vehicles that we have to communicate with our customers. So if looking at ExtraCare programs, our promotional programs, as well as just everyday normal course of business in terms of how we present the category in the store, things like our supply chain, scorecard. So there's no one single element. It's probably five or six or seven things that, quite frankly, we've always done. And having just very good conversations in terms of how we can partner together to move the business forward.
Larry Merlo: And Meredith, I guess the only other point I would add is that when you look at the power and the value of our ExtraCare program and the richness of that data for the last 10 years, suppliers are very willing to work together in terms of how we can partner to drive the market basket. And those are things that we're working on pretty excitably.
Larry Merlo: When you talk about the disruptive period that we're going up against, that really begins in the May timeframe. Because keep in mind that during the integration period, we started with the systems conversion. That was completed about this time a year ago, and then the remodel started after that and weren't completed until November.
Larry Merlo: We are seeing pretty much the same from the consumer that she is continuing to look for value, and whether it's buying more products on sale or looking at store brand alternatives. As we've said before, we are not planning on promoting more. Deborah, as you just mentioned, we continue to leverage our ExtraCare program to drive more profitable sales. We're doing that in a variety of ways, and it kind of goes back to what we talked a little bit about earlier in terms of deleveraging the data that we have to anticipate purchases, to help the consumer identify value there. What Tom alluded to earlier in terms of the rollout of the ExtraCare kiosk, that was again listening to our customers in terms of how can we make a very good program better. And that's the feedback that they told us. Make the coupons there. We tested that in some markets with very favorable results, and we're chain right with it and you'll see the commercials as we speak. At the same time, we're continuing to look for other ideas that -- and we have a number of column bullets out there in terms of just trying things that haven't been done to see what sticks and to what we can learn from that and apply more broadly for the chain.
Per Lofberg: This is Per. So I'll try to comment on that. First of all, I think the innovation of that is sort of built into the consumer engagement engine is that it allows basically interaction with patients, both through the PBM platform and through our 7,000 retail stores based on patient-specific information that is presented to either the call center operator or the pharmacist in the call center or the retail stores. And that basically gives us the opportunity to address patient needs that we can identify based on the information we have available. I think what is unique about it is that because it involves both the Retail Pharmacy channel and the Call Center channels, it expands the reach of patients that we can actually connect with successfully. So in a typical benefit plan, we may have 25%, 30% of the patient base used in the call centers. And on average, probably an equal percentage used in the CVS stores. So in terms of the reach, we actually double the number of patients that we can potentially interact with through those two channels. In addition to that, which I think is very encouraging for us, is that the pilot programs that has been going on this past year, clearly show that consumers and physicians respond more readily when they are contacted by the retail pharmacies, either in a face-to-face interaction between the retail pharmacist and the patient or in a call by the local pharmacist to the treating physician. So the face-to-face interaction is more impactful in terms of changing consumer behavior than a call center interaction. So those two factors together are really a powerful leverage to address the medical needs in our member base. With respect to the e-prescribing, I can just say that I think we're sort of past the inflection point where e-prescribing now is growing rapidly. And that will have significant benefits to our business where we can avoid a tremendous amount of the manual intervention work, both in terms of prior authorization and therapeutic interchange calls and that sort of thing. It can basically replace that with a sort of electronic physician support, which should be a real benefit to the business. As you guys may know, just recently, controlled substances are now allowed to be transacted through e-prescribing, and I think that's going to also increase the adoption rates of that technology.
Per Lofberg: Yes, we present those from time-to-time, both to specific clients and in our conferences. I can't put anything right off the top of my head here, but if you're interested, I'm sure we can share that kind of information with you at some data point.
Per Lofberg: We're going to continue to work on growing that percentage. I do believe over time, it would be cost-effective for payors to basically single source the specialty program, just like over the past several decades, they're basically almost entirely gone to single source mail service contract. So I think the economics eventually will favor people going to single source arrangements there. And that's obviously a trend that we are promoting and eager to participate in.
Per Lofberg: Much better. And that's really I think one of the great insights from this part of programs over the past couple of months. When the pharmacist has a one- to  two-minute conversation with the patient to identify some need that the patient should think about, the likelihood those of patients actually responding favorably and agreeing to do something about it is much greater than when you have an interaction with the call center.
Per Lofberg: We're not pricing with that particular goal in mind. That's sort of, to kind of paraphrase it, to kind of bulk up in order to take advantage of the new generics. I should say, though, that the patent expirations on the horizon, they're well known to all of the majors, they're well known to the benefit consultants who are evaluating, or a C-Quos [ph], they're well known to the large customers. So in almost all of the major bids, there is some recognition that over the next several years, the generic dispensing rate is going to increase. And that gets built into the pricing over a span of a three-year contract, for example. So it is on the table, but it's a little different than I think what you were theorizing that we were sort of buying business to bulk up for an oncoming patent expiration.
Per Lofberg: Well I think it's doing very nicely. It's a high-growth part of the drugs spend, and we are performing very nicely there. Margins continues to be strong in that business.
Per Lofberg: Yes, it's primarily. We are investing significantly in improving our internal processes and building technology to deal with new requirements in the marketplace. That, I don't think is going to affect the number you're looking at. That's primarily a revenue impact.
Per Lofberg: Its an ongoing process, and we are actively working on ways to sort of improve our infrastructure. We don't have any specific target dates or timelines that we are going public with it. But it's an important priority for us internally.
