Thomas Ryan: Okay. Thanks, Dave. As Nancy said, Larry and Per are with us today. So we are going to open it up for questions.
Thomas Ryan: Yes, and Lisa, to the point were obviously, the plan has to have a benefit program that drives to mail and we also save on the mailing cost at the PBM side.
Thomas Ryan: To give you more clarity around that in the fourth quarter call as we talked about 2011 and 2012. But in general, we've spoken about this at our Analyst Meeting. 2011 is clearly, the weakest of the years we've seen for generic introductions. Obviously albeit, Lipitor will hit in the last quarter, in the last two months of the year, and 2012 conversely is going to be the top of the year that we've seen in recent history. I think there's a little bit of maybe undue concern in the marketplace that, what do we do after 2012 and 2013? We've done analysis. We've looked at the mix, and we see it as a significant opportunity going forward with generics, both in our Mail business and in our Retail business. And as you indicated, Lisa, in the mail choice. So we won't get into specifics, but directionally we are in pretty good shape and feel very optimistic about. And I'll just ask Per to comment on it.
Thomas Ryan: There's a leverage opportunity here, right? We're going to have more drugs coming off patent in generic form especially in 2012 and beyond, and we have an opportunity to have higher penetration for existing customers. So it's a double win here.
Thomas Ryan: As you know, when a client signs up for Maintenance Choice, the client obviously the payor, chooses the program and they're choosing the program because, obviously, there's some options and convenience and ease for their members or their employees so they get the benefit of mail and the cost savings and then their members and employees have the ease of 90-day at the store. It just stands to reason as if a patient is taking the medication up in the store and they have multiple, they use multiple pharmacies, we do get a lift. It's really driven by the patient, not our stores, right? The patient decides that they would like to move their medication whether it's acute medication or other maintenance medication that they have to our stores. So we do see a pickup. We do get a bigger share of that patients' pharmacy spend. But once again, the first part, Maintenance Choice, that idea of Maintenance Choice, is driven by the client and second, the decision to move that medication to one of our stores is really a patient decision. And then we know there's a correlation between spend, the front store customer visits our store more than the pharmacy customers, so we get a fair amount of our front-end spend without a pharmacy transaction. But once again, if they decided that the store is close enough for their maintenance medication, then there are customers now that are, obviously, making the decision to shop the front end of our store. So it is a total benefit.
Thomas Ryan: Yes. That's right and you have to move them -- that's why it's all about the plan design also. I mean, you have to have a client that's moving to a plan design that's going to drive 50% to 60% mail penetration. So it's a benefit overall for the company.
Thomas Ryan: I think some of the increase that you might be seeing is some of the new products that our company -- enhanced products that are getting some premium pricing. But to Larry's point, there's not a lot of pure inflation, yet. And I think if CPG companies, obviously, have to be careful, it's a balance because they're, obviously, losing some share to store brands.
Thomas Ryan: We keep improving it, John. Obviously, the generics, to your point, it helps on both sides of our business, Pharmacy Services and the Retail side. Then our proprietary work, our private label work, it's obviously helping. We continue to do a really great job around shrink control, when you think about margin in our store. And then we work with ExtraCare, right? We continue to tweak that as I said, 66 million customers, I mean, ExtraCare has really been beneficial to us when you think about productivity, when you think about focusing on our best customers and spending our margin dollars wisely. So over the course of the next few years, we will be looking at how we go to market and what we do with our circulars, what we do with that spend on those circulars and the margin associated with that. So I wouldn't say it's not going to ramp up significantly, but I wouldn't say it's over yet.
Thomas Ryan: To that point, customers will, obviously, want alignment, and they see that generics have always been good for the payor and good for the patient, and obviously, it'll be good for us. So there is alignment around it. And, John, I also think we have opportunities. Just like we continue to tweak the Retail side, we look for opportunities, we have opportunities on the Pharmacy Services side. We're improving our mail penetration, improving generic penetration, Specialty business and some other service businesses that we're looking at. So I think it's right looking at all the little pieces of every business and see where we can drive more margin opportunity and at the same time, balancing the safe we have for our clients.
Thomas Ryan: Yes. Obviously, due diligence we had some discussions on which contracts were questionable and where they were, they thought they might lose. So that was part of the contraction relationship. You're going to have some puts and takes. We expect to have some, obviously, going the other way. But yes, it was all factored in.
Thomas Ryan: Well, we're investing, obviously, some of that with the client. But it's also offset by the point that was raised earlier of the existing -- you're referring to the new customer to CVS Caremark. But it's also offset by the 30-day customer at Retail that goes to 90, right? You take a little bit of a hit there. So it's a wash. It really is important to understand that the plan design, you have to have a plan design. If you have a situation where a client has 10% mail penetration, it's tough for the economics to work. I don't care how much additional business you pull in. It's when you get a higher mail penetration that drives the economics here. So it's back-and-forth, but you're right on around the variable cost in the Mail business, not only payroll but also the mailing costs.
Thomas Ryan: It would not definitely be in '12, right? I mean, you got to think about facility consolidations and moving people. You want to make sure that this is not disruptive to the clients. And we have a plan for that. So it's laid out across '11 and there's some cost to David's point, the $200 million that we layout is more in '11 than '12. So the benefit well see is more in '12.
Thomas Ryan: We don't have enough time on this call. But yes, I would say, and I talked a little bit about this, the lead time. There was obviously, a longer lead time we gotten a whole right away with a loss of a big client, actually two big clients, within the first year. And then the work that we did was really around getting the synergies, getting the back-end systems hooked up, the HR side, the financials and that was the work. We didn't really spend a lot of time initially on the new products. And then we worked on the new products and the end of '08 and into '09, you're just selling those for the '10 season. So it's got a lead time. Listen, I'm sure if we look back on any deal that we've done, we've made some mistakes. I will say this, but we don't make multiple mistakes. And we look at it, we've corrected it and we moved on and you can see the changes that we've made in the PBM side of the business across the business. And so, yes, I'm a little taken by the speed. I think there was, as I've mentioned this, there were some benefit managers that maybe a little more risk adverse than that than I anticipated because some of the products took a little longer in the uptake. But as Per indicated, you can see people are reaching out for this. There is no question, you can talk about some of the external issues that's out there in the marketplace. But from a client standpoint, there is no question that they see the benefit of this combined offering. It saves money. It's easier for their members, and it produces better outcomes. I mean, at the end of the day, that's what this is about. So you're right. We will see it obviously in '11 and more certainly so in '12. But I could go on obviously.
Thomas Ryan: A valid question that we need to answer because obviously, it's a profitable business. Accordant Care does a great job. It's a unique business offering in the marketplace. The question is, what's the synergy for us around PBM side and the specialty side of our business? And is there a way that we can look at that to enhance our offering in a better way to Per's point, but it's a valid question, one we are working on.
Thomas Ryan: Thank you, and as always, if you have any questions and clarifications, management is available and so is Dave. Thanks.
David Denton: Well, Lisa, I guess, in total what you need to think about is what is happening here is your adjudicating essentially a mail order claim in the retail location which carries a higher discount rate. But with that, the enterprise in total captures more volume associated with that transaction as a percent of the members spend. So net-net, at the end of the day, the economics prove out that the flow through to the enterprise is very productive.
David Denton: And, Meredith, just to be clear, we do not attribute any incremental profit associated with any front store transactions to the Maintenance Choice program that we just talked about. It is quite productive just on a pharmacy only basis, and that's how we think about it.
David Denton: No, that's not exactly how we tried to characterize it. We were planning to spend about $200 million in 2011 and 2012. There's going to be about $60 million spent this year. So in total, we'd always expect to spend roughly that amount.
David Denton: The kind of runs the gamut of investments that we're making at this point in time from an expense perspective. I guess first and foremost, as we go through this process, we are consolidating some facilities, so there's some asset impairment and write-offs that occur. We're also ensuring that we have the right resources against all these initiatives, so we're incurring some professional services fees to support that. We're also supporting, I guess, the realignment of some of the staff and some of the staff expenses associated with those movements.
David Denton: No, I think we're making some progress in inventory. But I wouldn't say that this is a substantial delivery against that $1 billion. I think we still have a lot of opportunity against that $1 billion next year and going forward after that.
David Denton: And, John, I'll also go back to some of the things that both Larry and Tom and I referenced a bit at the analyst day around the fact that over the next several years, there is going to be increase in utilization of price of prescription utilization across the U.S. That increase in utilization will drive volume through our outlets that will increase our productivity. Combine that with many of the initiatives that we have underway today and our plan for the future that also provide additional service and value to our consumers that will allow them to choose our stores more and more and we'll gain share over time. So I think we have for a start nicely for that over long.
David Denton: Really probably some of that still a little bit work in progress from a timing perspective and we'll update you specifically as we get there. But I would say it's probably sometime in '12, would be my guess at this point in time, as the plan currently lays today.
Larry Merlo: Lisa, the other thing that happens too keep in mind that over time as the mail centers have the cost associated with the mail centers are quite variable in the sense that technicians and pharmacists in those centers, when a script moves from mail to retail, we can leverage the capacity that we have in our retail locations so we can fill that incremental script without flexing up cost in the retail setting.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Meredith, it's Larry. And we think that there is some opportunity when you think about as you mentioned, the distribution cost as well as the backroom management in our stores. But as we stated at the, or at least alluded to at the Analyst Meeting, we think that we have opportunities around some of our processes, and we're not looking at our goals around inventory reduction to be largely through SKU rationalization or SKU elimination. And we'll pick up some efficiencies in labor as a result of our clustering efforts, which streamlined some of the SKU rationalization but that's going to be a small incremental piece.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Mark. In terms of the flu program we have across our Retail business, which includes MinuteClinic today, we have about 13,000. That's more than double a year ago. And as of last week, we've administered about 1.7 million shots well ahead of last year, slightly behind where we thought we'd be at this point in time. We see that the -- I'll call it the inoculation season, probably continuing through the balance of the year and perhaps even into January. I think as you alluded to, we all recognize that we're comping up against the H1N1 at its peak period, probably now through the middle of December. And then I think once we hit January, we're looking at much more normalized comps, recognizing that we really did not have much of a flu season at all in 2010, both of the seasonal variety and the H1N1. And I think the impact to flu shots on our comps will probably be negligible as we go through the fourth quarter.
Larry Merlo: I said that we have seen the year-over-year rate compression has softened from early in the year. That being said, I don't think that margin compression has abated, and we continue to work with both private payers, as well as state Medicaid groups on ways that we can lower overall cost without just a rate reduction.
Larry Merlo: I think we're still waiting for some of the rules in terms of how CMS will administer. I don't think -- based on where we're at, I don't think we believe we're going to see anything much before the first quarter of next year. But again, I want to emphasize that I think that we have seen going back to September of last year, the state Medicaid, as they were reducing reimbursement, I think that throughout the course of this year we have seen some of the margin compression that I think we expect to see as a result of that. So we think we've been incurring that throughout 2010.
Larry Merlo: Yes, let me just be clear. We expect to spend $200 million between 2011 and 2012 with the majority of that spend happening in 2011. The spend for this year, which is about $60 million in the PBM for 2010 that I referenced earlier, we did not as of a few weeks ago, have a detailed plan on how that was going to occur, what the exact actions were going to be. And so we're unable to quantify that specifically. So now that we've been able to quantify it, we've laid it out. I'm sorry for any confusion there.
Larry Merlo: Yes. We have not seen at this point, anything out of the ordinary. Obviously, we regularly review our pricing and make adjustments, always with the goal of ensuring that our customers receive the best value for our selection and convenience and access our stores provide.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Helene, I think the biggest impact is the fact that we're comping up against the spike of H1N1, largely through the fourth quarter last year.
Larry Merlo: No. I mean, Longs, as I think as Tom mentioned, continues to perform well and was actually accretive to our third quarter comps, and we expect that trend will continue through the fourth quarter.
Larry Merlo: And, John, the only other element that I'd  allude to is the growth that we still have in terms of improving the profitability of the recent acquisition, and we touched on that a little bit at the analyst meeting, and we've made some very nice improvements. But there's still more opportunity there.
Larry Merlo: Scott, thanks for asking that question because I absolutely love answering that because I think we have a great solution. And as we talked at the Analyst Day, we have invested in technology in the form of both our RxConnect and the Engagement Engine, which we're branding internally as PCI Connect. And this allows us to integrate the realtime clinical messaging as part of the workflow for pharmacists. And that, to me, is the absolute key to this because we're delivering an intervention that is intended to last for a couple of minutes, the fact that we've been able to build it as part of the workflow, I think is the key. I think there are some of our higher volume stores where we're working on an additional solution. We talked about the work that we're doing with the call centers because there is not as much capacity in those stores, and that's work in progress. But we are very confident in our ability to deliver the promise, so to speak.
Per Lofberg: Yes, I guess I'm going to add one other dimension and it has to do with plan design. That's, obviously, main driver of the generic opportunity counts for the task of expiration, but in addition to that, we now have the opportunity to design benefit plans where there is much greater emphasis on generics and much more restrictions on the remaining branded prescriptions. So when you have, except through the categories like cholesterol or the hypertension category and PTIs and so on, those types of categories can now really be very well supplied with only generics over with generic source. So that really creates an opportunity beyond just, that said, is provided by the task of expiration themselves.
Per Lofberg: Very independent of each other, and it really depends on the plans and what they're able to do. There are many plans that are very actively focusing on the generic opportunity even if because the geography or whatever they can't be as aggressive with respect to 90-day supplies. So there are two parallel opportunities for us. They work sometimes in tandem and many times independent of each other.
Per Lofberg: We did show a slide at the Analyst Day, which showed the current penetration of what we call the high performance generic formulas, that's about the exact number there but we know we can't...
Per Lofberg: No. It's maybe boarding of that 10% range today. But they also have in it what we thought were the opportunities in our customer base, which is multiple of that just like a four-fold multiple of where we are today. So over the next couple of years, we do believe that, that's a real win-win for us and our customers as they modify that enzyme.
Per Lofberg: Yes. Well, I should say first it certainly is not a detriment at all. In fact, it's just the opposite. I think I've said many times during the course of this year when customers go up for bids and they go through the orders and the new approach for sale, as sort of first and foremost focus on improving the economics of the drug plan. So that is on the top of the agenda. We are also getting, as you heard, a very nice traction from the sector of our most clinical programs that have been built here and have continued to be built -- a large part as a result of the combination between CVS retail and Caremark CDM. So those programs I think resonates, and we have a growing amount of evidence to show people about how they work in practice and what kind of benefits they can expect to see, both clinically and economically. So they're very attractive feature on the dialogue with our customers.
Per Lofberg: No. I think some of them are quite new. I mean, their Pharmacy Advisor programs was featured at the Analyst Day and as you had mentioned here a few minutes ago, that program was really kind of entitled during latter part of last year and the early part of this year. So we now have a very compelling evidence in terms of how it improves the behavior and the decision-making process regarding adherence and filling gaps in care and so forth for the participants in the program, and that I think is an important component of making companies prepare to sign onto a program. As you heard, we have about 10 million lives that are ready to go with this program in January. The other area we focused on, that we also highlighted this year, is the whole specialty part of the business. This is an incredibly important aspect of the sort of the drugs spend for our customers. And the programs there are just increasingly visible in the decision-making process in terms of both controlling drugs spend through utilization programs and improving the outcomes for the plan members to compliance-driven initiatives. So that's a very hot topic today when we and other PBMs talk about customers.
Per Lofberg: Larry, yes, you have a point. Obviously, I can't speak on half behalf of Michael Bephetus [ph] but certainly the way we look at it, if you take Aetna alone, that represents about a 20 percentage point increments to our book of business. And obviously, it's a lower margin business, reflecting the size of that kind of an account. So that's one factor. Likewise, as you know, we focus very much on the Medicare growth opportunities that we see in the market, both in terms of the PDP programs and the so-called egrich [ph] programs where employers are shifting their retirees into costly government-funded programs. And those are good programs for us. They are slightly lower margin than the kind of traditional PBM business, but they're still very worthwhile and very productive for us from an overall standpoint, so those are two of the drivers.
Per Lofberg: This is Per. I think the PBM business shows no signs of abating in terms of its kind of competitiveness. It is a very competitive business. There are big contracts that turn on relatively small differentials. So I do think that the generic opportunity that we see and that we're focused on from our own kind of internal standpoint, that's also on the radar of our customers and our consultants. So it certainly will be a part of that negotiating process as we go forward. And we have to be realistic and assume that some of that opportunity will have to be shared with customers in the competitive bidding process.
Per Lofberg: Well we picked up some of those that were basically negotiated earlier in the year. And some of those ASO lives were lost by Aetna to other PBM competitors. So some of it we have and some of it they lost through their normal competitive process.
Per Lofberg: And typically the Maintenance Choice business, something that customers put in after they have selected a PBM. So it's sort of an upsell opportunity margin, a margin improvement opportunity for us vis-à-vis our existing book of business.
Per Lofberg: It is definitely a good guide for us. It's a benefit, and I don't have right in front of me sort of the increments it represents per se, but it's about $600 million of additional revenue that we expect from that on assignment below.
Per Lofberg: We haven't made any real kind of quantification on specialty generics. That's out there. I mean, I think we have to look at our normal PBM book of business. We see opportunities to continue to drive that up there certainly into the high 70s and maybe even across 80% over the next several years.
Per Lofberg: Accordant is a sort of a disease management approach focused on rare diseases. Up until now, it's pretty much sold quite independently of the PBM sales in health plans. It tends to be bought by different parts of the company and different schedules than the PBM business is contracted. So they run as pretty independent entities.
Per Lofberg: It's possible. Quite candidly this year, we haven't  focused heavily on that. We've had so many other important priorities to try to move into. So it's on the list. But it's not something that we've kind of given a tremendous amount of attention to in the near term'
Scott Mushkin: I just wanted to get back to what ever you're saying, so the reduction guidance, not reduction but the global low-end, is the incremental streamlining cost, is that correct interpretation just or...
Scott Mushkin: Then I wanted to go back to what Merideth and Lisa started off the call with and I'm just trying to understand maybe choice is a little bit better. It seems like the marginal cost of dispensing retailers is about zero close to zero, the marginal cost to dispensing mail I think you said it's actually higher. So if I take a non-CVS, non-mandatory retail customer and convert them to Maintenance Choice, it seems that contribution margin should be really high, unless Caremark is using some of that money to encourage adoptions. I'm just trying to understand if I'm wrong in that type of thinking or where I may be off.
Scott Mushkin: Maybe there should be a decent amount of pressure put on the pharmacies since you roll out some of these Pharmacy Advisor program, maybe if you could just give me 30 seconds on how we get comfort around that the pharmacists will be able to execute adequately for Caremark.
