Larry J. Merlo: Okay. Thanks, Dave. And just as a recap, we're certainly pleased with our results this quarter. Our third quarter was characterized by continued success in the PBM selling season, great progress on our 5-point PBM turnaround plan, solid Retail performance with healthy sales growth, front store margin expansion and share gain, strong revenue growth at MinuteClinic and right on track to reach breakeven by the end of the year, earnings per share $0.02 above the high end of our guidance range and significant free cash flow generation with substantial value, return to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. So with that, let's open it up for your questions.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, let me start, Lisa, and then I think Per will probably add some color as well. But I think, certainly, what's going on with Express and Walgreens I think raises the dialogue around restricted networks. And I think as we know and has always been the case, payers are going to look for savings in every which way they can to find incremental savings in their pharmacy benefit. And limited networks are just another way to accomplish that. So I think as we look into next year's selling season, we believe that, that will be a very important topic and probably get an awful lot of discussion and dialogue. On the Retail side, Lisa, certainly with our 7,400 stores, we believe that we are very well positioned to be a beneficiary in an environment of restricted networks. We think that we have strong relationships with all the major PBMs, a solid reputation among payers across the country, and our Retail business unit works very hard with all the PBMs to ensure that we have both stable and long-term relationships. So we think that, that potentially would be an opportunity for us on the Retail side as well.
Larry J. Merlo: And let me just -- I guess, following up on that, Lisa. We'll just talk a little bit about Lipitor because I know it keeps coming up as a question. But as Dave alluded to in his prepared remarks, it's certainly a situation with a lot of uncertainty. We still don't know if Ranbaxy launches later this month, which would, as we all know, begin the exclusivity period. And there's uncertainty as to the magnitude of plan designs as Per was talking about in terms of treating the brand as a Tier 1 or preferred product versus the generic. And obviously, that impacts our Retail business. So it's difficult to quantify the impact of Lipitor. And again, as Dave mentioned and as we've talked previously, we maximize our profitability during the break open period. So it's not a question of if for us, it's more of a question of when.
Larry J. Merlo: And, John, I mean, a lot of people have done the math. You've probably done some of that yourself in terms of when you look at the overlap of pharmacies and the number of participating pharmacies, even at a more restricted network in terms of a 1 mile, 2 mile radius.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, John. Let me answer the expense question, then I'll come back to the sales question. But when you look at our expenses, obviously, as Dave talked about, we're doing a lot of work around the inventory. And I believe that as we look across the supply chain, we do have incremental opportunities to gain some efficiencies as we move those plans forward over the next couple of years. And I would say that's probably the biggest opportunity that's on the table. Back to your question about front store sales, as we talked on the last call, we continue to leverage ExtraCare in a way in which we can create value for customers but to do it in a responsible fashion in terms of creating sales that have a positive margin flow through. And I think that's what we saw in the third quarter. Again, as we've talked oftentimes, we're seeing this evolution in terms of mass communication via the Sunday circular for us versus more personalized communication. And we certainly see us having an advantage with our 68 million active ExtraCare card holders. And we continue to experiment and learn from that in terms of how far we can push the needle in real time, recognizing that there's still a big segment of customers that look for that Sunday circular. So we're trying things. We're learning some things. As Dave mentioned, we do expect to promote more in the fourth quarter. And when I say promote more, promote comparable to last year more than what we saw probably in the second and third quarter. Because one of the learnings that we got is, it's hard to tell that personalized story during a period, a holiday period where you have many, many more products in the store that customers are not used to seeing on a 52-week basis. So that's the thinking behind that. We're not changing our promotional strategy from what we've talked about on prior quarters.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, John -- Tom, it's pretty hard to quantify the big opportunity. I would say in the near term, there's certainly a bigger opportunity on the Retail piece if this situation is not resolved come January. We've all seen the numbers in terms of the Walgreens-Express  business and the fact that those scripts would be available out in the open market. And at that point in time, those Express members are going to be looking for a new pharmacy to serve their needs, and we're certainly ready, willing and more than capable of capitalizing on that opportunity should it arise. I think it's fair to mention, I think, there could be some downstream benefits as we migrate into next year's selling season. But I think it's easy to see the immediate benefit more on the Retail side.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, no, I'll start and then Per will add, again add some color. But, Tom, I think we're seeing examples of that just this year in terms of the selling season. A product like Maintenance Choice was a very important differentiator in terms of winning new business. And as we shared earlier in some of the numbers, we are seeing rapid adoption of the new products and services that we're offering, not just Maintenance Choice but Pharmacy Advisor. And I think we have opportunities to further capitalize on it as we go forward.
Larry J. Merlo: And, Tom, a little bit -- I mean, both of these questions really point to the fact that our CVS Caremark offering is a differentiated offering in the marketplace versus the traditional PBM model. And again, as we've commented in the past, we're very confident in our ability to effectively compete in the marketplace regardless of what goes on, whether we're talking about a bigger Express Scripts as a result of the Medco merger or the issues that are out there brewing between the Express-Walgreens dispute. And the examples that we're talking about are why or evidence of the differentiation that we carry.
Larry J. Merlo: Ed, I'm not going to comment on that question. I mean, I think that we've -- through today, as well as past meetings, we've talked about the confidence in the CVS Caremark and the value that we're bringing to the marketplace, both whether it's clients and their members or the consumers. And we're excited with the work that we're doing and the opportunities that we continue to have in front of us.
Larry J. Merlo: That's correct, Ed. That's how we look at it, and that's a little bit why we talk a lot about maximizing our profitability once the exclusivity period expires.
Larry J. Merlo: Larry, I think it might be just a tad early to comment on that. Some of the specifics around the programs are probably not as defined as at a level that we could have a definitive comment on that at this point.
Larry J. Merlo: Scott, I guess that's one way of looking at it, okay? I mean some of the questions that are being asked today, I agree, it reflects the reason why these 2 companies came together and the opportunities that we have to, as we've talked many times about the goals of reducing cost and at the same time, improving the health of the clients' members and retail consumers. So yes, I agree with that. I don't -- Per, I guess I'd...
Larry J. Merlo: Scott, I think what's a little bit in play, and we're looking forward to sharing some of that quantifiable data in December is that the fact that we have had these products in market for a few years now, like Maintenance Choice. It's not just qualifiable information in terms of the perceived value that the product brings to the marketplace. It is now quantifiable information, and I think that what we've seen this year is that, that's resonating for clients. So -- and as I mentioned, we'll be sharing some of that next month.
Larry J. Merlo: And, Steve, again, we'll talk more about it in December, but I can tell you that all of the new business is profitable. To Per's point, the pricing strategy has not changed from what it was earlier this year or even last year for that matter. And we're underwriting new business to be profitable.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, Steve, as we've talked many times, there has always been margin compression out in the marketplace. We did see an uptick on reimbursement pressures in the third quarter, and we're expecting that to continue through the balance of the year. And it's coming out of the State Medicaid plans, as well as in the commercial market.
Larry J. Merlo: As we've talked before, the steps on in profitability would not be to the impact that we experienced with the 1-year renewal that we cycled around this September.
Larry J. Merlo: Matt, the answer to that is no. We continue to see the consumer looking for value and remaining value conscious. And I want to emphasize that the comments that we made about promoting more in the fourth quarter is comparable with last year, but it is an uptick from what we experienced in Q2 and Q3. Where example, in Q3, we had a 6% decline in page count year-over-year. And we're expecting our page count in Q4 to be comparable to last year. And again, it reflects our learnings in terms of how we tell the story around key holiday periods. And obviously, we're getting ready to enter the Christmas selling season and reflects the fact that there are an awful lot of products that customers are going to see the next 3 months that they wouldn't see in the first 9 months.
Larry J. Merlo: We haven't commented on that. Just keep in mind though, this -- Lipitor and generics in total is a very nice tailwind for us, both for next year and ongoing. And it's mostly important after the break open period, after the exclusivity period expires. And we can talk more about that in December.
Larry J. Merlo: Shane, it was pretty consistent throughout the quarter. There weren't a lot of spikes, albeit we saw a spike in September when the storms hit with battery sales and things of that nature. But other than that, it was pretty consistent for us.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, correct. Think about it as implementing a mandatory mail program with the convenience of picking up your script at one of our CVS/pharmacy locations.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Mark, keep in mind that the early adopters were clients that had mandatory mail provisions to begin with. So it was more of a convenience for their members to have a Retail option. As the program got off the ground, we saw more and more voluntary mail clients opt in to the Maintenance Choice product, which did exactly what you're asking. That's where the real savings were provided, and we've talked publicly about, clients have seen as much as 4% savings in adopting the Maintenance Choice program.
Larry J. Merlo: No, Mark, that's the wrong impression. And I want to emphasize that our modeling does not call into question if we're going to see the profits. It calls into question of when we'll see the profits. Because you have variables in play that, quite frankly, as it relates to Lipitor are still unanswered. And there are differences whether it's a single-source generic, multi-source generic, has the exclusivity period, the break open period. And those dynamics change our level of profitability in terms of when we maximize our opportunity. But as we've talked, we expect this to be a big benefit for our business over the next several years, recognizing we've got almost $100 billion worth of branded products coming off patent between now and '15.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, John. It's roughly a little less than 1/3 around that ballpark range. And we'll talk a little bit more about that next month and give you a firmer number. But that's the ballpark number.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, we've also added a bunch of contracts since '09 as well too, John. So the average would be, proportionally will be smaller.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, John, we're always looking for new ways in which we can move the business forward. And we've talked about some of those in terms of whether it's leveraging ExtraCare with a focus on both sales and profitability. I think we're getting some traction out of the clustering work that we're doing, and we see that as a big opportunity as we go forward. And we're getting some good learnings from that. And we're always going to work in terms of what's the next evolution of the store and as that evolves, we'll talk more about it.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Meredith, I think what's evolving is we're going to have an environment where there are going to be players that can satisfy the needs of clients and payers, and then there are going to be pharmacies that aren't going to be able to satisfy those demands. So I do see this as a step change in our industry going forward.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, I think, Meredith, as you would expect, there's a share gain and perhaps that share gain is accompanied by some margin pressure. But the math would tell you that there's a positive flow through to the bottom line.
Larry J. Merlo: Meredith, that's correct. And I think accompanying that statement is, as a result of our buying scale, we have said that we can maximize our opportunities when there are 3 or more players in the marketplace, and that typically happens once the exclusivity period expires.
Larry J. Merlo: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for your time and your interest today, and we will look forward to seeing you in December.
Per G. H. Lofberg: Lisa, this is Per. I would just add that I think as you guys have heard many times, it is quite possible to service large nationwide customers with networks that are smaller than the big 60,000-plus networks that are common today. And Express have made that point several times and likewise, we have said the same thing. So I do expect that if the separation between Express and Walgreens continues into next year, benefit consultants in the RFP process will be focused quite a bit on the types of savings that payers can realize with smaller networks than what's been common over the past couple of years.
Per G. H. Lofberg: Yes, it's beginning. There are several of the managed Medicaid networks that are quite narrow compared to the traditional commercial networks. You may have seen that, State of Florida, which changed from us to Medco, put in the restricted network, excluding Walgreens for the Retail side of the business. So I think it's beginning to happen, and I will be very surprised if that doesn't become sort of a frequent topic of discussion going into next year.
Per G. H. Lofberg: Yes, the only thing I think can say that's sort of public knowledge is that, we, like some other plans, in the Medicare part of the business, have adopted a Tier 1 strategy for Lipitor. So we have made it attractive for plan members to use Lipitor as sort of -- with the equivalent co-pay as a generic going into 2012. And that's obviously of interest, so that you can maximize the usage of that molecule and then capture as much of the savings benefit once it becomes available generically.
Per G. H. Lofberg: I don't think it's a big advantage. I don't think it will be sort of a significant factor. I do think there will be, as I mentioned earlier, many customers who will sort of want to compare the cost savings that they can achieve with a somewhat narrower network as compared to the 60,000-plus store network. And they'll evaluate the cost savings in relation to the disruption factor that they'll have to kind of live through. So I do think it will be on the table in quite a number of conversations next year.
Per G. H. Lofberg: I really can't speculate on that. I think this whole kind of uncertainty will probably cause customers to go out a bit, that will sort of look at all of the options that are available to them. And so there will be some churn in the marketplace caused by these types of changes. And of course, the pending Express-Medco merger likewise, I think, will cause a fair amount of churn in the marketplace.
Per G. H. Lofberg: Well, the primary focus at Pharmacy Advisor today is basically to identify adherence opportunities and gaps in care that can be filled with medication. So the primary benefit is in sort of the uptake of prescriptions through CVS pharmacies or Caremark mail order pharmacies. Over time, as we get more outcomes-based evidence around these programs, we can certainly expand the sort of the financial arrangements around those, both in terms of guarantees and gain share opportunities going forward.
Per G. H. Lofberg: Candidly, Larry, I mean, I need to hear from our Washington people more about this to be able to give you sort of any kind of meaningful commentary from the company. So I'll sort of check in with them and make sure we get briefed on the issue in more detail, so we can give you a better answer.
Per G. H. Lofberg: Larry, I fully anticipate that this coming year will be a very, very active year from a sales and renewal standpoint. And the factors -- so the changes that you're alluding to, I do think they will prompt customers to kind of reevaluate their PBM partnerships and look for better solutions or new solutions out there. So I suspect it'll be very, very active market this year, and we fully intend to be quite engaged in that as you can imagine.
Per G. H. Lofberg: I guess I think this last year's selling season are, I think, was one where -- there's no question that the kind of the integrated solutions that we had available were a factor. You never know exactly why people make their final decision to change from one PBM to another. But I feel pretty confident that the Maintenance Choice capability is, in a couple of instances the MinuteClinic capability, were clearly sort of factors in the process. And I feel very good about sort of going forward with the sort of the integrated capabilities. And I'm not going to lose any sleep about CVS not being in the Caremark network. So I think we're in a very good spot to really build on the integrated assets that we have.
Per G. H. Lofberg: I mean, setting aside the time frame, I do think there is a lot of additional runway for these programs, and we have the opportunity to make them even better quite frankly. So I believe, I'm very encouraged that they can become a component of many, many of our customer relationships going forward. But I'm not going to try to nail it down in terms of how far that would likely to get by 2013.
Per G. H. Lofberg: No change showing any significance, Steve. Our business is a very competitive business. And as you know, the economics are always sort of in the forefront of the clients valuating these bids. But there is no change or any trend break this year versus last year or before or after the announcement of the Express merger.
Per G. H. Lofberg: One thing you should be aware of that we have spoken about in the past is that the renewal of FEP, 2012 and beyond, like the other contracts with the federal government employees and retirees, are being restructured to be essentially a cost-plus or a pass-through type of arrangement. So there will be some margin compression associated with that.
Per G. H. Lofberg: Well, that's not something that is publicly available today. So we have many customers where we have customized formulary discussions. And so in due course, we'll probably have more information on that.
Per G. H. Lofberg: Well, on the commercial side of the business, the generics are -- that MAC pricing is kind of the norm.
Per G. H. Lofberg: Well, when we offer Maintenance Choice to customers, it just basically means that they can choose if they want to, to get the 90-day prescriptions at the Retail, at the CVS Retail pharmacies versus the mail order pharmacies for the same co-pay and the same price to the plan. So there is no net change in the economics if a member elects to get the prescriptions in the Retail pharmacies versus the mail order pharmacies. They just have more flexibility.
Per G. H. Lofberg: Yes, that's correct. And it's also up to kind of maximize the use of Lipitor versus other branded versions, other branded patents. So that when the product breaks open, you get the maximum savings for the customers.
Per G. H. Lofberg: It's basically up to the FDA. I mean, they are still awaiting clearance from the FDA, and that's not something we have insight into or have control over.
David M. Denton: Yes, this is Dave, maybe I can just comment very specifically. We obviously plan in December to kind of lay out our plan for 2012, give some very specific clarity around how we think that the year will shape up. As you know, we've been very focused on ensuring that next year is a very productive year for us in totality with a specific focus on the PBM business. Clearly, there's 2 things at a macro level that we'll talk about a bit: one, as we cycle into 2012 and quite frankly, for the next several years since generics will be a very important factor for us and a very important factor across both segments of our business. And obviously, as we talked about today and in the past, Medicare Part D will also be a nice contributor as we think about the next several years in our business. We'll begin to lay all those things out for you in the next several weeks. The one thing to do to keep in mind, both of those, both generics and Medicare Part D are quite frankly, back-half loaded because of the progression in the benefit structure in Medicare Part D and the fact that Lipitor specifically as it's currently contemplated is more impactful for us once it's broken open. And that's in the back half of 2012, and we'll help in December lay that out for everyone.
David M. Denton: Yes. And, John, we have seen script transfers but as we've talked, it's immaterial in our results at this point in time.
David M. Denton: This is Dave. I'll just lay all of it, we'll talk about guidance for 2012 come 6 weeks from now. We'll kind of outline our expectations for '12. So I think that's a topic for that matter.
David M. Denton: Yes, I think, Meredith, this is Dave. Yes, by Analyst Day, we should have a lot more clarity on the subject given their target launch date. And so we'll have that behind us and we'll be able to lay out.
