Karen Lynch: Lisa, I’ll turn it to Shawn in a second, but I just wanted to acknowledge your point about we did lay out a variable vision at December 2021 to really expand into health services. And I really believe this transaction is a clear win for both patients and provides, and as we said in our prepared remarks this really does create the premier multi-payer Medicare value-based platform and I talked lot about value-based care and not just being a contract but being platform where we really drive engagement and connect patients to care. And this transaction, combined with Signify Health, really does demonstrate that we are executing on our long-term strategy to drive long-term growth for the company. Let me turn it over to Shawn to answer your specific questions.
Karen Lynch: And Lisa, just adding to that point, I think we all recognize the importance of Medicare Advantage and the popularity, and we are very encouraged by the political statements that were made last night to support Medicare. And this fits really nicely into that picture as well.
Karen Lynch: Yes, Mike, thanks for the question. And you’re right. We did make progress on our regulatory approvals to move our contracts forward. And we are continuing to make investments in Stars so that we can mitigate the risk. As you might remember, we narrowly missed in our CAPS scores, and the team has been working very diligently over the course of the last couple of months to make sure that we are improving our results. I’m going to ask Dan to talk about the specifics
Karen Lynch: Hi Justin, it’s Karen. Let me just comment on the growth. So, first of all, in our commercial book, we do expect to grow in our commercial book. And our value proposition is truly resonating in the marketplace. We announced last month that we closed the state of North Carolina, which will bring us about 570,000 members on 1/1/25. So, I think that’s a good demonstration of the strong value proposition that we have in our commercial business. I mentioned our significant growth in individual exchanges, 900,000 to 1 million members next year. And then in Medicare, as you know, Justin, we are disappointed in our individual Medicare Advantage growth, but we are growing our D-SNP business and our group MA business. So, I will let Dan specifically give you a little bit more details on growth, but I am going to turn it to Shawn to answer your MBR question.
Karen Lynch: Yes. And Eric, just to add to that, I think it’s really important to think about community and community-based care as we have talked a lot strategically being in the community and really having kind of all these assets work together. Shawn made a good example of Signify and Oak, but then you think about our MinuteClinics, and we can kind of leverage those MinuteClinics for additional capacity. We can leverage our nurse practitioners as well and then we can have wraparound services. So, we can have a very much of a holistic approach to care in the community. I would also add that it is really critically important for us to be a multi-payer agnostic provider and make sure that we are connecting care for all the patients that we are interacting within the community.
Karen Lynch: So, before we conclude, I want to take this opportunity to thank our CVS Health colleagues for their extraordinary work, bringing our vision to life, improving the health of our customers and delivering on our financial objectives. As you heard today, CVS Health delivered strong results, and we are advancing our strategic initiatives. We entered 2023 with great momentum, and we are well positioned for growth in our foundational businesses, and we are making continued progress against our strategy. We are so excited about the opportunities ahead of us, including both the Signify and Oak Street Health acquisitions, and we look forward to keeping you updated throughout the year. Thank you.
Shawn Guertin: Hi, Lisa. So on the first one about kind of clinic expansion. To be clear, the numbers we cited today in our model are premised on maintaining a trajectory of 35 to 40 clinics a year expansion. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, one of the things that we will be doing over the coming months is exploring alternative avenues of accelerating synergy realization but potentially looking at the growth aspect of that, and in particular, avenues that would help us manage sort of greater clinic growth but also sort of manage kind of inside the dilution framework that we’ve talked about with this transaction. And we will be looking at those avenues because it’s a very important point because when you look at the long-term returns of this model, that accelerated growth has some real long-term kind of return benefits to doing that. So again, that will be something that we continue to work on and explore the best way to do that within the framework that we’ve discussed with you today. On your second question, it was important to us to both understand the positioning on RADV and at least be able to see the MA advance rate notice for ‘24 and frankly, work in conjunction with Oak on what we thought that meant to them. And we’ve had the ability to do that, and obviously, as you all know, much of that still leaves many questions to be answered in the future. It does provide a little bit more clarity than we had in the past. But I think we do understand the dynamics and some of the mitigation efforts that we could put in place if certain things stand or certain things get modified. In many ways, though, what I would say is what we saw come out of those notices, I think, is exactly why you want high-quality Medicare Advantage value-based care assets. In its most – simplest sense, when you have a year, for example, when reimbursements get squeezed, what’s one of the things you want to do, you want to look at your cost control levers. And certainly, Oak is a demonstrable asset that has proven to improve outcomes and reduce costs. And so I think as we think about navigating the future of Medicare Advantage and maybe even a broader opportunity in Medicare value-based care in the fee-for-service population, I think both Signify and Oak are exactly the kind of assets that you would like to have at your side as you do that.
Shawn Guertin: And A.J., I am not sure if you had a question about more global kind of deal returns, but specifically to your question about the timing of close, the answer is no, it would not change those. And arguably, it actually adds a little bit of lift because, if you remember, there is an operating loss that’s going on for a little bit of time and you are picking that up a little bit deeper into the cycle of moving from kind of loss to breakeven to gain. So, it actually would not kind of change the $9 to $10 at all, certainly not in a negative way.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. So, Justin, the MBR, I think the guidance midpoint is up about 70 basis points year-over-year. There is a number of pieces that are leading to that. The first, to the point of your question, is the removal of prior year favorable reserves development is about 20 basis points there. Second, the provision we are making for the exchange business and the provision for any adverse deviation there is also worth about 20 basis points. About 10 basis points is driven by Medicaid redeterminations and what we think the MBR impact will be there. The divestiture of our international business in 2022, that was lower MBR, so that’s adding about 10%. So, it’s three or four items that are building that up. I would say more broadly behind this that when you looked at the fourth quarter and you looked behind the impacts of flu and respiratory illness, utilization continued to perform very consistent with what we expected to see. And we still feel the pricing environment is very sound and rational going into 2023.
Shawn Guertin: I can have Karen talk about that as well at the end, but what I would say is, as we talked about our factors here, Eric. We have conducted a very thorough evaluation over the last 15 months and are confident this is the best asset in the space that really satisfied all of our criteria talented and capable leadership, a leading integrated technology platform, a clear ability, to the point of your question, to scale and reproduce the model and the results across both geography and for different payers. It also has, as Mike mentioned, the demonstrable capability to improve clinical outcomes and lower costs and I think a very clear path around the unit economics required for profitability. I would be remiss if I didn’t also mention that it has a fundamentally differentiated patient experience as evidenced by their 90 NPS and their exclusive AARP endorsement. So, this asset, really, we have talked about the list of criteria, we really hit it. And I think to your point, the geography was important. We are a big company. We are going to need a big footprint over time, and being in 21 states was important in and of itself. But it’s actually, in my mind, the scalability element was the ability to demonstrate the model worked in different geographies. And to the point of your second question about having, I will call it, the homogeneity of the model, it was the ability to reproduce it and then make changes to it. I think that was very, very important, and frankly, very distinct and what we looked at in the market. I think the second part of your question, I think, is important, too, because there is a lot of interplay potentially down the road between these two assets. One of, I think the benefits that we have, and I think we have built in a modest synergy when we talk about the ability to accelerate growth, is the ability of Signify when they are doing a home visit to recognize that here is a member that needs to be returned or connected to care. And that doesn’t have to be obviously through Oak, but it can be and can be our MinuteClinics as well. So, the interconnectivity of actually getting these members the care they need, when they need it and where they need it, and to Mike’s point, the way it should be provided, I think these two things over time, we will be able to work powerfully together.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. So, let me talk kind of about this in sort of a financial terms and try to get at some of those points. As I mentioned, right, this is a – we do think this is a deal that has an attractive long-term return on capital. And – but it also has the potential to move the needle from an earnings perspective in a company of this size and scale. Our strategy has been and will continue to be to deploy capital to improve the sustainable earnings growth rate of this company as a whole. When you look at this asset in concert with Signify, we project this could improve our overall long-term earnings company growth rate by at least 100 basis points a year as these investments mature. It’s important as you think about this, that the dilution, especially the dilution from financing, is temporal in short-term, but these sustainable improvements in growth rate are not. From a return on capital standpoint, we think it earns double-digit returns on capital in year seven. And very importantly, because of the embedded value in that clinic infrastructure, that return on capital continues to grow on the order of 200 basis points a year thereafter. And I have mentioned in my remarks that at the current rate of expansion, we would expect to have 300 clinics by – in 2026 or by the end of 2026. And using the Oak Street convention around adjusted EBITDA at $7 million per clinic, we think the embedded EBITDA could cross the $2 billion threshold in the 2026 year. So, that’s an important sort of data point. But I think it’s important to recognize that the way that embedded EBITDA really manifests itself can be in these ongoing returns on capital. I would comment that while the return profile might be longer than other deals you have seen in the past, I don’t think it’s atypical of deals that meaningfully improve your strategic positioning as a company. And I do think it’s important – in fact, I think being overly slavish to deals that only satisfy short-term returns are exactly what can lead to long-term growth problems. And I think we are – this is something that has a lot of long-term growth earnings power. And finally, you had asked about the synergies and some of the kind of accretion dilution. The synergies are powerful here, and I think it’s one of the things that we are uniquely positioned to deliver on. I have often – when I have talked to all of these companies, they have often said to me like, if I say what do you need to grow faster, and they say members and capital. Well, that’s something we can bring to bear here. But most of the synergies, probably about 70% of what we talked about, are tied up really in that accelerated growth and the improved retention of MA members. And so when you think about the model here, the J-curve, if you will, this is about moving them along that curve faster. And in that trajectory, that generally gets closer to breakeven and positive in that year two to year three timeframe. So, that it’s after that, that a lot of these synergies mature. The way we see that playing out is, I think this would be roughly EPS-neutral probably in like year four of our ownership, thereabouts, and begin to be accretive on an EPS line for year five. But make no mistake, it is improving each year, which is going to help our growth rate between then and now. And you are building substantial embedded long-term value in that footprint.
Shawn Guertin: No. So, Ann, for 2023, we have about $500 million to $600 million of what I will call the endemic COVID contribution from the three categories we have been talking about vaccines, diagnostic testing and over-the-counter testing. It’s important to recognize that, that is significantly down from the contribution that we experienced in 2022, nearly $1 billion down from that. So, we are targeting producing the $6 billion again despite kind of that headwind. In our forecasting, the general – I would tell you the general targeting as we continue to expect retail to be able to maintain flat. And it’s – we have a declining COVID contribution, and our thinking behind that, that obviously, there is other initiatives. And I am going to let Michelle and Prem maybe talk about some of the other things that are going on in both the front of the store and the back of the store that are helping the business broadly, but also helping us sort of manage through the decline in COVID contribution.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. So, as you mentioned, I think and I can certainly – I think Mike can comment as well, right. Really, the variable, and it’s remarkably consistent, right, over time is the ability to drive membership growth sort of along, to your point, along that sort of J-curve of cohort financials. And today, I think Oak has done a great job being successful as that and what this deal really opens up, is a lot of new potential pools for members. And I think that will take a lot of different forms, right. There are certainly – well, it’s very much going to be a multi-payer asset. There is obviously things we can do for plan design offerings to highlight the Oak network or the Oak clinics. We can do that with the Aetna members. I mentioned Signify before as a potential sort of source of members. But when you just think about the vast array of members that we interact with and the vast array of seniors that we interact with every year across this company, this is a much wider catch basin, if you will, for potential growth. I also think we can strengthen the value of the offering with our other fulfillment assets around pharmacy and MinuteClinics. And frankly, I think that will make that offering not only more attractive than the most, but all of the payers who contract with Oak, they will all benefit from what we bring to bear with our retail health strategy and our pharmacy strategy. And I think that is sort of – that is an opportunity there. On capital deployment, I think as I mentioned, what we expect for this to play out is that over the next couple of years, we will likely be in the mid-3s from a debt-to-EBITDA ratio, and that’s obviously a range is consistent with our current investment-grade ratings, and that is important to us to maintain that rating profile. Having said that, I still think we have an ample amount of financial flexibility over the next 2 years to 3 years after this transaction. We would – our current projections are – or let me step back, as you mentioned, we have a modest amount of share repurchase in the ‘24, ‘25. Think about that as maybe one point or two points above dilution. That’s very consistent with what we told you on Investor Day. So, when we think about the flexibility we have, I would say that we would have probably between $4 billion and $8 billion of flexibility over the ‘23, ‘24 window and then that grows more to like the $10 billion to $15 billion of flexibility in the ‘24, ‘25 window. Timing, obviously still to be determined. But I think that gives us ample flexibility because this is the capital that we could continue to use to return value to shareholders via the dividend, obviously, incremental share repurchases, deleveraging, to your point, or it could be used for other corporate purposes.
