Larry Merlo: We see no barriers and no limitations around that.  Keep in mind that I had mentioned that about two-thirds of our business is already on the destination platform and any new business automatically goes onto that platform, so there’s no conversion activity associated with that.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Rob, in terms of – your first question, in terms of our retail gross strategy, we have no change in our strategy there.  We’ve talked the last several years about 2% to 3% square footage growth and our pipeline falls within those boundaries and we continue to see opportunities for retail growth here in the US. As far as synergies go, it will be very minimal.  As I mentioned in my remarks, this transaction is not financially materially.  We’re talking about 44 stores and I think it’ll be a great learning opportunity for the organization.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Steve.  I think as we’ve talked about this over the last several months, we had talked about the fact that we didn’t see this as being a 12 to 18 month event, that we believe that we would reach a steady state run rate. Towards the end of the year I think we had acknowledged that it could trickle into the first quarter of this year and, quite frankly, our retention is actually performing as we had outlined.  So we don’t see any change to the comments that we made in the past.
Larry Merlo: Well, keep in mind as you cycle into ’13 you’ve got a couple things happening.  First and foremost, you have continued generic (NYSE:GER) expansion, number one.  And number two is you’re comping against some share gains, high share gains as we move into 2013 versus what we gained in 2012.  And then finally you have one less day in ’13 than you have in ’12 due to leap year.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Matt, I think if you go back to some of the comments that I had made in my prepared remarks and combine that with what Mark just talked about, through this effort of personalization we’re able to get more granular in terms of where do we make the investments on a customer-by-customer basis. And so, quite frankly, the break even point is very, very low.  And it’s – you can think of it as reallocating the investment to where it’s going to matter the most.  So it makes the investment very productive from a profitability point of view.
Larry Merlo: No, it has not.  I think we’ve been very clear from a capital allocation standpoint of how we’re going to use our free cash flow.  One, to drive value for our shareholders in really three ways: one, investing in our business with the appropriate return on invested capital targets and hurdles; two, increasing our dividends; and three, doing share repurchases that are value-enhancing. And we’ve said we’re going to do that in the context of maintaining an adjusted debt to EBITDA capital structure of 2.7 times.  And while that’s our target, we know at times we fluctuate higher or lower to that.  We’ll stay within that range. And it would be our expectation that we would continue to focus to have our balance sheet and our capital structure within those tolerance levels as we go forward.
Larry Merlo: Very much so.  We think it’s important for us to maintain our high BBB rating both as we think about financing the company long term but also from a short-term basis.  We access the commercial paper market typically on a daily basis and that’s a very efficient means for us to finance the company’s working capital and I think having a BBB rating is important for that. And also we think about sell leaseback activities.  I think BBB is also important for that function as well.  So we’re very much committed to that and certainly it’s our target.
Larry Merlo: As it relates to the ’14 selling season, the amount of business that we have up for renewal is similar to prior years within about $11 billion to $12 billion up for renewal.  And as we’ve all acknowledged, it is early.  I’ll let John touch on what his sense of the market is and what he’s hearing from clients around the exchanges and how they’re thinking about their employee base.
Larry Merlo: Well, John, we acknowledged that earlier that in the fourth quarter we believe it positively impacted the front end cost by about 150 basis points and that was consistent with what we had seen in prior quarters as well.
Larry Merlo: Yes, John, we’re not going to break that out going forward.  We’ll continue to report on how we continue to grow the maintenance choice population but we’re not going to delineate between 1.0 and 2.0.
Larry Merlo: Well, John, I think as we have outlined, I think at the analyst meeting a year ago, we saw 2.0 as being a key factor in our ability at the time to triple the number of lives that would be appropriate for a maintenance choice type program. And I think over the past year we have seen our lives grow by about 5 million from ’11 to ’12 and now we’re sitting here saying that we still believe we can double the number of lives that we have.  And it’s going to be a combination of the various designs that we have out there.
Larry Merlo: Yes, I think as I had acknowledged earlier, it has – the migration that we have seen has been pretty much in line with what we’ve expected.  And you see more attrition in markets where we don’t have the concentration of stores, where – which we were talking about that six months ago that would likely be the case when an agreement was reached. So we’re seeing those dynamics and, as I mentioned, it’s pretty much on target with how we’ve thought about it and modeled it.
Larry Merlo: Yes, as I had acknowledged earlier that it’s a maturing marketplace, it has – it’s expected to have continued strong growth for the foreseeable future.  As people move up the economic ladder, they’re spending more on healthcare as well as education and with increased access to healthcare and pharmacy both are expected to grow over the next several years. I think one of the other keys for us is the market is recessive to chain pharmacy.  Chains are pretty prevalent in the Brazil market but at the same time it’s still fragmented.  I think the largest player has about a 9% share. So we see the opportunity for growth and (inaudible) has an organic growth plan that we will certainly be looking to execute on and there may be other opportunities acquisition-wise as we move down the road.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Ross, I don’t – I’m probably a little redundant now with these comments.  But I think you hit on some of the key points that as we talked about a year ago, the acquisition strategy was developed with a retention component. So we work very hard to et those maintenance users enrolled in extra care and I think if you reflect on some of Mark’s comments earlier, the ability to communicate with them in a very personalized way is a key element around retention. And then as I just mentioned a minute ago, we certainly recognize the convenience and locale also becomes part of that retention strategy.  So I don’t know that there is anything out of the ordinary that I could add to your question.
Larry Merlo: So Ross, keep in mind that to Dave’s point on Lipitor, we cycle that in June 1st, so the first almost two quarters.
Larry Merlo: Meredith, we talked a little bit about some of the initiatives that we have underway there and some of them are in pilot as we speak.  I think that we’re all very excited about the ability for these pilot programs to bring some meaningful solutions to what clients are worried about.  And we’re certainly talk about that as we move forward throughout the year.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Tom, I think it’s probably important just to level set a little bit in terms of start with the difference between preferred and narrow/restricted networks and I think it’s – because everybody knows the narrow – in a narrow/restricted network, there are pharmacies that are excluded.  In the preferred network, all pharmacies can participate. But the customer is incentivized to use one pharmacy over another in the form of a reduced co-pay.  And then when you start peeling back the onion, all preferred networks are not equal from a co-pay differential. If you look in the (Med D) space, it could vary anywhere from $1 to $10.  And within the (Med D) population, there are no restricted networks.  There are only preferred networks. So as you mentioned, there are plans where we’re identified as a preferred pharmacy and then there are plans where we’re not.  It’s clear that there is going to be some movement between pharmacies.  I think it’s pretty early to measure the specific impact but we’re not seeing anything at this point that we didn’t expect too see. And I think from a retail point of view, we are well positioned to be a participant more often than not and we’ll go from there.
Larry Merlo: Ricky, I think as we mentioned in the past, as a matter of policy we won’t comment on individual contracts and I think it’s widely known we have relationships with both Cardinal and (Maketsson) and just say that both of those organizations do a terrific job in servicing the CVS Caremark business.
Larry Merlo: And Deb, I’d just add that that technology roadmap is very much aligned to the strategic growth framework that we laid out on analyst day and in terms of the support that those initiatives would require.
Larry Merlo: Yes, I think Deb, it’s consistent with things that we’ve talked about in the past.  I don’t know if we’ve looked at this lately but we knew that a large percent of Minute Clinic patient visits had not had a prescription filled out of CVS.  That could be based on need or demand but certainly there is nothing more convenient than being seen by a nurse practitioner and then getting the script filled while you’re there. And then we have the opportunities to engage that patient at the point of care in terms of getting them enrolled in the programs.  And I think our refill teams do a pretty good job in terms of identifying those new patients and letting them know the advantages that CVS has to offer. Listen, everyone, thanks for your time this morning and thanks for your continued interest in our company.
John Roberts: The other thing I would add is we have a separate team that is working on the conversion process totally separate than the teams that implement new business and we’ve implemented $24 billion of net new business over the last three years, so we think we’re very well positioned to continue to add new business and grow as we move forward.
John Roberts: Yes, well, as Larry talked about, we had to consolidate our enrollment systems from two acquisitions, which was Universal American PDP Healthnet and Silver Script, on the one system, which unfortunately led to issues with Silver Script’s enrollment and claims processing in the January timeframe and an unanticipated increase in call volumes. So this sanction is focused on Silver Script’s enrollment process.  Our remediation plan was submitted to CMS on January 23rd and work is underway to implement the appropriate corrective action. We have successfully operated these enrollment systems since the inception of Medicare Part D and continue to expect to do so now that the system consolidation is complete and we’re very focused on working with CMS to correct the issues and to have the sanction lifted as soon as possible and we are confident in our ability to address these issues quickly.
John Roberts: Yes, so Lisa, when I – and I have to separate my response in two segments.  When I talk to employers and how they’re thinking about the exchanges, I think most of them are in a wait and see attitude, particularly the large employers, which we deal with.  So I don’t – I think they’re going to wait and see how these public exchanges shake out.  The private exchanges are seeing some activity primarily in the retiree space. When we talk to our health plan clients, they’re obviously gearing up to participate in the exchanges, so they’re interested in our assistance around formulary.  They like our CVS retail stores and the ability to the market there, their brand to consumers and that all of our differentiated offerings that we have – maintenance choice, pharmacy advisory, the ability to do preferred or even restricted networks. So a lot more discussion around health plans as they gear up to compete in the space and that’s where you’re going to see most of the growth is with …
John Roberts: We’re seeing a lot of interest from health plans where we’re the (NYSEMKT:PBM) but we’re also seeing interest from health plans where we’re not the (PBM) because of all of our assets.  A little early to talk about what we’re seeing from specific health plans coming to the marketplace and looking for bids. There may be some activity where health plans have a particular (PBM) but maybe looking for different partners as they evolve their exchange strategy.  So you could see some activity there.
John Roberts: Yes, they can migrate to 1.0 really at any time and we’ve seen some of that activity and we think that as people get experience with maintenance choice 2.0 they actually have an opportunity to deliver or to generate more savings by moving up to 1.0 as they move more of their maintenance volume into the maintenance choice channel. So we think 2.0 is a good entrée point for where we are, particularly with health plans where we’ve had pretty low penetration of maintenance choice.  They traditionally have liked open access.  We think this really will play well with the health plans.
John Roberts: Yes, listen, it’s – we’re focused on obviously ensuring when we’re going to the marketplace we’re talking about our differentiated offerings.  We think they’re resonating in the market. You look at our success over the last three years, 24 billion in net new business.  But it still remains a very competitive market and we’re seeing pricing is – continues to be very competitive, no real change over the least few years but still rational.  So we’ll see how it goes.
John Roberts: You’re cycling through the first couple of months of the introduction of large generics in last year primarily, especially (inaudible).  And so that’s what’s driving that inflation/deflation cadence, if you will.
John Roberts: Yes, Meredith, so maintenance choice from a member perspective, maintenance choice 2.0, will perform the same way as our original maintenance choice product, maintenance choice 1.0. So the member has a choice to either go to CVS retail or to go to mail to get a reduced co-pay.  They get a 90-day maintenance script.  The client gets mail pricing. And so we see about half the members like to go to CVS retail for their maintenance choice prescriptions and the other half like to go to mail. And if you look at the penetration for these voluntary mail customers that move in the maintenance choice, we see it’s on average around 15%.  And so as we get this new benefit, we think that that penetration will grow beyond 15%, so that will generate more savings for the client and offer a benefit to the members at no charge, actually a savings for the client. The other thing we’re working on is continuing to improve the member experience with 2.0, so the move between mail and CVS retail can be more seamless.  It’s more of a binary choice now.  We see people go to either retail or mail and stay and we’re going to evolve our ability to allow them to move much more seamlessly.  People are moving around the country much more now than they used to. So very positive response, members love it and clients love it and it’s a win-win-win for everybody.
John Roberts: Well, if you look at specialty trends, both on the pharmacy side and the medical side, it’s growing at 20%.  If you look at the pipeline, it’s dominated by specialty.  And if you look at eight of the top 10 drugs by 2016, it’s going to be specialty. So as we move out of this big generic wave, which is deliver tremendous savings, and you combine that with a specialty trend in the double digits that I described, specialty is becoming the highest priority for our patients. PBMs have traditionally managed specialty on the pharmacy side.  We’ve expanded our capabilities to manage it on the medical side where really half of the specialty spend is.  And we’re really going to focus on really three areas to manage costs for the members, utilization, unit cost and drug mix. So our clients want us to manage trend.  They want appropriate utilization but I think you’re going to continue to see significant growth in specialties as we move forward and we’re expanding the piece of the pie that we’re managing for our clients as we move into managing the medical side.
John Roberts: Yes, Tom, I saw that as well.  So we see a small percentage of our mailings deliver on Saturday, so obviously for those deliveries they’re not going to have them.  They’re going to be pushed to Monday. I will say that anything that does require Saturday delivery for a member, we have other ways of making that delivery happen.  We do that today and will continue to do that.  So net-net I think it’s a small impact overall, maybe an extra day for members but generally mail members aren’t waiting until the last day to get their mail prescriptions and I think the cost impact is negligible.
John Roberts: So we’re actually hearing from both health plans and employer clients and what they see is particularly on the medical side specialty spend just isn’t being managed.  So there’s an opportunity to leverage our capabilities to help manage what I talked about earlier, which is utilization, unit cost and drug mix. So significant interest and we’re moving rapidly to expand and help our clients in these areas.
Dave Denton: Really, the growth in SG&A in retail for Q4 was driven by our comparisons in Q4 of LY, so if you look at Q4 of ’11, the growth of SG&A was very modest.  We’re bumping up against some tough comparisons, so we knew that was going to be case as we cycled into Q4 of ’12. And so it performed as we expected, so nothing really new there.  And with that, maybe I’ll turn it to Mark to talk a bit about the retail business.
Dave Denton: Clearly the (InterSoft) company eliminations are being driven by the successful maintenance choice program, so the more adoption of that program drives additional eliminations for the company. Secondly is the growth in the elimination is also driven strongly by the generic penetration in 2012.  As you know, Lipitor is a very large maintenance drug and that drug was used extensively within the mail order centers, so therefore, it’s a drug that’s used heavily within the maintenance choice product. And so that disproportionately drove the eliminations in ’12.  I would not expect to see the same type of growth as you cycle into ’13.  But I think you take our, what we said from a guidance perspective and walk your way back, you can come up with an estimate of what the intercompany segment elimination might be.
Dave Denton: Quite frankly, it’s probably a little early to be able to answer that.  Some of the regulations aren’t quite solid yet.  I would say that at the end of the day we’re watching closely and we’ll update as we see that regulation evolve at this point.
Dave Denton: That’s a tough question.  I think in general, listen, we know that both from an (AETNA) perspective and from streamlining perspective we’re very focused on enhancing our performance in both those areas as we think over time. Certainly from a streamlining effort, we continue to make nice progress on improving the SG&A structure of the organization and aligning from a service perspective the metrics that organizations deliver day in and day out on the service commitment that we have. Also, I guess, from an (AETNA) perspective, (AETNA) cycles into ’13.  They are a net share gainer and adding additional (lives), which will drive additional economics for us. So at the end of the day, as they are successful in a marketplace working with us, that is really the opportunity that we have to broaden our partnership and drive value for them and for us and for the customers that they serve.
Dave Denton: Those are stale.  We said quite some time ago that those were stale in that there was a lot of moving parts back then.  So those are not good numbers at this point.  We are very focused and very pleased with our relationship with (AETNA) and how it’s progressing but you can’t look at that.
Dave Denton: I guess from a capital allocation perspective I can assure you that we have adequate capital to invest in the digital and extra care space as needed to drive value for our company, for our shareholders. And we’ve laid out I think a fairly clear roadmap over the next several years of how we’re going to enhance all of those performances associated with those products and services and ways in which we engage members and customers more fully. And we will continue to push in this area.  I think it’s an area that we see opportunities over time to drive a lot of value.
