Larry Merlo: Yes, let me start, Meredith, and I'm sure Per will jump in here. We just had our client formed, I guess, about 2 weeks ago. We had about 800 of our clients there, and I was very excited in terms of the level of interest in our products and equally important, the level of satisfaction that our clients have in the services that we're providing to them. So it was great to be able to hear that firsthand in an unfiltered way from our clients. And I walked away very encouraged that they're looking for us to provide solutions for them and fill a void that no one is out there filling. So there was lot of enthusiasm and a lot of engagement for what we're doing.
Larry Merlo: And, Meredith, from my perspective, there are some analogies to be made in terms of what was done in the Retail business some years ago when the P&Ls were introduced for field managers. And being able to outline for any individual whether on the Retail side or the PBM side in terms of where there are opportunities to create a win-win because those opportunities identify savings for the clients, for the payers, and at the same time, they see the benefits to the business and how that flows through to the P&L. So I think we're all very encouraged in terms of the level of reception that is being received by the sales teams.
Larry Merlo: And, Larry, I mean, keep in mind also that this is a first big step with UA, and as Per mentioned, it's a growing segment. And the fact that we just closed the transaction last week while we've had some meetings leading up to the closing and now it's all hands on deck, with a focus on 2012 recognizing that the bids are due in another 30, 40 days. So that's the focus right now is.
Larry Merlo: And then, Larry, in terms of CalPERS, we can't comment beyond confirming that we were one of the other finalists during the initial selection process.
Larry Merlo: John, I'll start with the PBM question first. I mean, as we said, pricing remains competitive but we believe rational. And as I also mentioned, there is a lot of excitement in terms of the unique products that we're bringing to market. And as we move forward, I believe that we'll see some stickiness with clients as a result of those unique offerings. On the Retail side, John, I think there's a lot of noise out in the marketplace in terms of some cost increases that you're hearing from CPG companies. We started the year probably comparable to what we've seen in the last couple of years in the way of cost increases. But that has ramped up over the last few weeks in terms of both the number of cost increases that we're seeing, as well as the magnitude of that. And we will be looking to pass those on at Retail, at the same time, making sure that we stay true to our pricing strategies. And as you know, we do a lot of price shops in those core categories that you mentioned. OTC, HBA, beauty, and our goal is to always to make sure that we are pricing our products so that we maintain our strategy.
Larry Merlo: Well, I think what -- and it goes back to the client conference that I alluded to that an awful lot of comments from those clients that have the Maintenance Choice benefit that they are extremely satisfied with the product, that their members or employees are very happy with the service that it provides, and they're seeing the savings as a result of it. So we remain optimistic that we're going to see some stickiness from those clients that have adopted Maintenance Choice as we move down the path when their contract comes up for renewal.
Larry Merlo: No. You know what, Tom, we don't have a timetable on that, and we have cooperated in every fashion in terms of providing written information, documents, as well as face-to-face interviews. And we can't estimate the time frame or outcome of that other than the fact that we remain very confident in our business processes.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Matt, I think we've got a couple of things going on. First, the Easter shift from Q1 to Q2, that's a higher margin business for us as you know. And the second thing is we continue to see the traction of many of our initiatives that will support or maximizing our margin performance, and at the same time, reducing costs.
Larry Merlo: Yes, I mean, I think the comments that Dave alluded to, in terms of we saw in the first quarter margin down only 10 basis points. There's a lot of things that supported that, that we expect to continue as we go through the remaining quarters.
Larry Merlo: Yes. Let me start with that, Matt, and I think probably Per and Dave will want to tag onto that. But we have done a number of things around it. I'd put them under the heading of process related that allows us to have a more holistic view of the business in realtime versus managing components of the business and then looking at it on a quarterly or even in some cases, on an annual basis for a more consolidated roll-off. So we're doing a lot of those things in realtime that allows us to stay much more closer to the trends that exist in the business.
Larry Merlo: And, Mark, I think as we go forward, and we shared some numbers this morning in terms of not just client savings but consumer savings in terms of their out-of-pocket expense, as well as what it's doing for adherence, and there is a downstream benefit to improving the health of the members or the employees. So we have an opportunity as we move further and have more and more data that demonstrates the value that we're bringing through lowering costs and improving health. I think that we have an opportunity to make it even a more compelling product.
Larry Merlo: Yes. Kemp, it really goes back to the plan that we outlined at the beginning of this year that part of it is leveraging some technology that we implemented or completed last year that would allow us to reduce our dependency on safety stock, as well as better visibility into the business that allows us to make some process changes. And so we're off to a great start, and everything is working as we planned it.
Larry Merlo: Well, Scott, I'll answer that question in 2 parts. First is as we've alluded to a couple of times, we had an opportunity to talk with our clients, get the clients informed about this. I think that there was some intrigue. I can tell you talking to a lot of the clients firsthand, they were absolutely focused on -- we have some of those same things that go on in our businesses. We know how that works, and we're focused on the solutions that you're bringing for me as a health planner or as an employer. So I did not sense a great concern among clients, as long as we're doing the things that are helping them manage costs and improve health outcomes. Part 2 to that is I do think we can do a better job of telling our story to the various stakeholders about the products and services that we are bringing to market. And as we've mentioned many times how they're improving the health of those we serve and lowering costs. So I'm sure you saw the announcement that we made a few weeks ago that we've made some organization changes that bring corporate communications, government affairs, health care strategy under one umbrella, that is being led by Helena Foulkes. And I believe that she will lead a renewed focus in terms of how we'd be a little more proactive in terms of telling our story, recognizing that we are now getting tremendous data about the value that we're bringing. And we don't have to talk about it in a qualitative fashion. We can go out and talk about it in a very quantitative fashion, and you're going to see us do more of that as we go forward.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Scott. Let me comment on that because that is an important metric that we're tracking as part of our inventory plan. And I can tell you that our metrics are on target in terms of our service levels to the customer. If we look at it compared to last year, it is a few basis points less than it was a year ago. However, if we adjust for some of the supplier issues that are out in the marketplace in the form of recalls and some product availability issues, we would actually be in a better position than we were a year ago.
Larry Merlo: Well, Bob, let me reiterate that the board certainly supports the operating plan that we have, and that we have been transparent in terms of outlining our priorities and how we're going to get there. And we'll continue to report on how we're doing against that. And we are confident that, that will deliver the financial results that everyone is looking for. And as long as we continue to execute against that plan, there's really no reason to consider any alternatives.
Larry Merlo: Well, Eric, I mean, as we mentioned, we continue to pick up share in the front end. We acknowledged some of the headwinds that we saw in the first quarter with the shift in Easter, as well as the comparison to the grand reopening events of Longs last year. We're continuing as we've talked many times, and we touched a little bit on the clustering initiative that's underway. But we've also talked about how we continue to use ExtraCare in a way in which we can drive profitable growth, acknowledging that the customers continue to look for value. We don't see that changing. And we're not going to chase sales that don't have a flow through, and we continue to look for ExtraCare to be the driver to do that.
Larry Merlo: Well, I think there'll be some ebbs and flows, Eric, within that based on seasonality and comparisons to last year.
Larry Merlo: Well, Eric, as I mentioned, we expect to pass those increases on at Retail. We will make sure that through our price shops and in the tools that we use to manage pricing in the front end that we stay true to our strategy. But we believe that it will have a neutral impact to our gross margin for the year.
Larry Merlo: So, Lisa, let me take the generic question, and then Per will take your first question. So as you think about generics, I think everybody knows the variables that come into play in terms of the exclusivity periods that the number of suppliers in terms of when we've really hit the sweet spot, acknowledging that generics are good for our business, are good for the consumer, they're good for the payer. And from an acquisition cost point of view, we believe that we maximize our leverage when there are 3 suppliers at the marketplace.
Larry Merlo: Okay. Well, this is it. Thank you for your time this morning. We appreciate your interest, as well as your questions, and that concludes the call.
Per Lofberg: And at this time of the year, as you guys probably know, is sort of the real kind of high season for a lot of the contract negotiations that are going on out there. So we have a number of important successful renewals under our belt already. And we're kind of in the final stages of negotiations with a substantial number of customers, both existing customers and potential new customers. So that should play out over the next month or 2 to kind of to get to the finish line. The dialogue is actually very positive. Our team is doing a great job, and the response we get from our customers from just both the PBM offering, as well as the broader set of capabilities that CVS Caremark brings to the table, is also very encouraging. So I think we're off to a great start, and I hope we can report more specific details to you later on in the year.
Per Lofberg: Yes, absolutely. I mean, we kind of instituted a management tool in the tail end of last year, which basically kind of allows us to manage each account at the P&L level. So it gives us a good mechanism to really develop client-specific strategies in terms of the specific programs that are sort of applicable to all the customers out there. And the sales organization has an incentive program to really kind of drive those results, and that process is well underway, and we have significant set of milestones in the course of the year to deliver incremental results as a result of that.
Per Lofberg: Yes, there are several subsegments that you alluded to, Larry, the existing Caremark business as well as the Universal American business is very much focused on the auto signed business where you basically bid against the benchmark and you get assigned a low-income subsidy numbers as a result of that. We believe with the combination of UAM and our distinct capabilities that we're in a good position to be very competitive and continue that process for the next several years. The EGWP transition that you talked about is really sort of gathering steam over the next couple of years. We had a couple of significant EGWP transitions at the beginning of this year and a number of big ones that are sort of in negotiation right now. And we really kind of expect 2013 to be the real tidal wave of EGWP transitions from our existing customer base. So those are major sort of transitions going on in our book, but we are very much focused on that as both a transition aspect of our business as well as growth opportunity for the company.
Per Lofberg: I can tell you that with FEP, the process is essentially concluded. But as you alluded to, I think we'll hear the final disposition of that before the end of the second quarter.
Per Lofberg: They haven't given us sort of a definitive timetable in terms of how they're going to wrap up this year's process.
Per Lofberg: There's no realtime about -- the Maintenance Choice offering is basically being [ph] by consultants that's a mail order offering. And it doesn't really kind of change the trend in terms of the nature of the competition.
Per Lofberg: I think, one thing that you said, I don't think there's no specific effect on Maintenance Choice driven by the Aetna contract.
Per Lofberg: And going forward, with respect to Aetna, we certainly expect Maintenance Choice to be one of the growth drivers of the Aetna relationship long term, but that's not something that's in the numbers right now.
Per Lofberg: Well, we did go through one phase of the streamlining work late last year, which had to do with basically a reorganization, where we took out some layers of management. We made the organization flatter with greater sort of accountability and so on, and that was a very good sort of reorientation, both to save money but also to create just a much more efficient decision-making process in the business.
Per Lofberg: I'm not going to -- I can speak a little bit to the kind of transition we're in. I mean we're going through a sort of staged transition of the whole Aetna relationship, where in January we moved them over to our Retail contracts. And just actually at the beginning of this month, we turned on the Specialty mail dispensing for the Aetna contract. And in August, we will take on the mail order dispensing and then the risk indication [ph] will happen in 2012. So it's following kind of the plan that we have to go through this staged transition processes. As you probably know, consistent with Aetna's own disclosures, we ended up with slightly lower volume at the beginning of the year than we had anticipated and that Aetna had anticipated. In part, that's the result in the Med D business, and that's obviously, lowering the outlook a little bit, but it's not to limit here as far as the year is concerned.
Per Lofberg: Well, Maintenance Choice -- I'll just start with the latter part of your question, Maintenance Choice works obviously very nicely for plans where there is a significant penetration of the CVS Retail stores. So that's sort of the -- that's kind of the core target for us where we can give the members the added flexibility of using CVS Retail for the members, as a complement to the mail order pharmacies. And whether customers adopt Maintenance Choice or not in a given year is in part driven by the savings. And the savings are obviously determined by the plan design, they already have, but it's also determined by the other priorities that they're working on in terms of their overall benefit programs. So many times, they are interested in it, but they have so much going on that they can't do it this year. They will defer it to the next year, and that sort of things. So it's an ongoing process to really explore the appropriate timing and the economic benefits of the client. It isn't just one sales call that leads in a yey or ney. It's a process, and sometimes they go fast, sometimes they take a little longer. But overall, their reception and the interest level continues to be very, very high in the Maintenance Choice offering.
Per Lofberg: Yes, it's a good topic, Kemp. So there are basically -- kind of 2 important components to what we're trying to do there. One is to create a sort of a decision support tool for the oncologist to really help them understand and navigate through the different pathway alternatives that are available to treat a particular type of cancer. So that's the kind of -- that's the computer-based application that allows the physician to basically find the appropriate treatment options for a given patient. The second component has to do with the financial incentives for the physician. And part of the problem in that area, as you may know, is that this decision's basically, buy the drug, they inject them in the clinic, and then they bill the medical plan. Many times that creates sort of an incentive for the physicians to go to the more expensive drugs when there are less expensive drugs that could be just as appropriate from a clinical standpoint. So we have set up a sort of an incentive compensation system that really rewards the physicians for picking the most cost-effective solutions. And that is a true up at the end of each quarter where we look at how the physicians really kind of followed the cost-effective guidelines that are really proposed by the decision support system. And then we provide essentially an incentive compensation arrangement to reward them if they have followed the more cost-effective choices to better align the payer incentives with the physician incentives.
Per Lofberg: So, Lisa, on the risk question, I do think that, that's going to be a growing dimension in terms of how we work with customers going forward. As we gather more and more outcomes data from a number of these programs that we now have in place, and we have sort of a strength and confidence in the actual results that we can deliver to customers and the health care savings that they will result in, we do have the opportunity to enter into interesting share gain type of arrangements that can both help the client and benefit ourselves. So I would expect that to be an expanding part of our repertoire, even though today it's not a major percentage of our business.
David Denton: Yes, John. We don't break that out other than to say that it's acknowledged that it's the fastest-growing component within Pharmacy.
David Denton: No, there's not. This is Dave. The volume within the PBM segment, both from a network perspective as well as a mail perspective, was very much in line with our expectations for the quarter.
David Denton: Tom, let me just cycle back a little bit your question around mail choice and the penetration rate. What we saw was contraction a bit in the mail penetration rate -- in mail choice penetration rate, and that was only due because Aetna was now part of our book, and it carries a lower mail penetration rate in total, so it blends down the average.
David Denton: Yes, this is Dave. Matt, late in last quarter in Q4 of last year and early this year, we implemented some new tools that Per alluded to earlier that allows us to more deeply and specifically trend and understand the components of client profitability. And additionally, the added benefit from that tool is we now have -- that tool allows us to assign accountability deeper in the organization from a sales and account management perspective. So those professionals are very aligned to managing their clients and offering opportunities to both save money for the client but also generate additional profit for us.
David Denton: We are just shy of 8 million members in our books, approximately with that, and they're around 6 million to 8 million [ph].
David Denton: So, Mark, we've said over time, if you look at the addressable population where we think Maintenance Choice is a great opportunity for clients that we could double the client base that adopts that product.
David Denton: Well, I think -- this is Dave. I guess, if you look over the next 5 years what we have from a cash flow perspective a significant opportunity to both increase the dividend and do what we consider value enhancing share buybacks at very significant levels. I would say that if you look through 2011, we're in the process of doing several things. One is we had completed the $2 billion authorization. We've just now funded the acquisition of the Universal American Med D acquisition, and then finally, we have some debt maturities coming available later in the year that we're going to address. So all in the spirit of also being very focused to our adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio, our target capital structure of 2.7x. That's very important that we maintain that level such that it gives us nice access to both the commercial paper market and to the sale-leaseback market. That's also a source of funds for us to finance the company.
David Denton: Lisa, this is Dave. Just in general, once you hit the 3-supplier mark, that's typically the best. I don't think -- expanding it maybe improves it marginally, but it doesn't impact it greatly after that.
