Larry Merlo: All right. Thanks, Eva. Well, CVS is much better position to provide value to our customers and the broader community through our new enterprise model. And our diversified company is providing our stakeholders with a highly effective ability to make health care more local, more simple, and less costly, while reducing our dependencies on dispensing revenue and maximizing the benefits from value added services. We have a number of unique offerings being piloted or launched in the coming months. And those capabilities utilize enterprise assets in a differentiated way with the goal of increasing consumer engagement, while improving health outcomes and lowering costs. As an example, expanding MinuteClinic services and incorporating CVS community assets in conjunction with Aetna analytics around the member's next best action will allow us to help individuals achieve a better health outcome. And we see tremendous opportunities ahead, whether it's improving adherence, close the gaps in care, engaging high risk members through care managers or providing new approaches to complex disease management. Just take the mitigation of hospital readmissions. We understand the contributing factors to readmission and we can now bring solutions to those factors. Aetna had about 470,000 hospital discharges in 2017, and about 47,000 of those were readmitted at an average cost of $14,000. If we're successful cutting that number in half, we remove more than $300 million of costs, while creating a better patient experience. Again, the list of opportunities goes well beyond the few examples mentioned. Importantly, many of these unique service offerings will ultimately be available to our health plan clients creating value across the health care system. And it's this combination of assets and capabilities that will ultimately drive enterprise growth and create significant shareholder value. So with that, let's go ahead and open it up for your questions.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Mike, it's Larry. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Mike, as you look at the transitory nature of the headwinds, you think about the impact of the investments in tax reform. That rolls off midyear of this year. You look at the inflation impact on our rebate guarantees. That peaks in 2019 and rolls off at the end of 2020. We certainly expected Omnicare performance to stabilize and improve. And as you think about the contribution of generics, as we've talked many times, they're going to be peaks and valleys that can occur in any given year. As we sit here today and look at what that looks like for 2020, we expect that to improve, so many of these headwinds are transitory in nature. And also keep in mind that there are parts of the business that have momentum, growth in Medicare, growth in the commercial business. We've got momentum at retail much just in front store growth and pharmacy growth as well. And we're really pleased with the speed with which we're executing the integration activities.
Larry Merlo: Lisa, it's Larry. The growth opportunity with Omnicare was always focused on the independent and assisted living spaces. And those opportunities still exist. And they're consistent with our strategy of putting the customer at the new place of transforming care. The challenges that we have in that business are really around the skilled nursing facilities, which happen worse than we originally expected.
Larry Merlo: Ricky, it's Larry. In terms of your first question around the offsets, yes, we would underwrite that with a different set of assumptions, Ricky, and some of that goes back to my earlier comments. The concern would be will people deselect from a Part D program because of the increase in monthly premiums? We know from all the research we've done over the years that beneficiaries -- that's the first thing they look at, and SilverScript has been successful growing with holding down that monthly premium level for the reasons that I touched on earlier. Your second point, Ricky, around commercial -- our sense is -- what is it that our clients want and value? I would sit here today and say broadly, our commercial clients value the same elements that the Medicare Part D program works. They want to use the rebates and discounts to buy down the monthly premium. So, I'm not sure that I see a rapid adoption in the commercial space for that reason, and Ricky, the other thing that I would point out is I think many people are aware that Caremark introduced a new plan this year -- it was called Allure -- where it priced...it took the rebates and applied point-of-sale. We had a very small number of seniors enroll in that program -- it was around 20,000 -- and we think one of the barriers to that was the increase that we saw in the monthly premium.
Larry Merlo: Ricky, in terms of the other question on can we go back to clients -- should there be a material change in how the programs are written, the answer to that question is yes. And, in terms, Ricky, for 2020 outlook, we're not going to provide that today. We're working diligently, recognizing that we have made great progress on the integration work that was tied to the synergy goals that we talked about, and as you think about the regulatory pathway, quite frankly, it was very late in that process that we were able to begin the transformation work in earnest. So, we're pretty pleased that we've got concept stores up and running, we've got a number of pilots in market, and a whole other series ready to go to market to learn and understand, and that is our primary objective -- to complete more of that work so that when we get to June, we will be able to provide more of a long-term outlook.
Larry Merlo: And, I just want to emphasize the last point that Kevin just mentioned because I've come to appreciate -- when you look at the Aetna business today, more than 50% of their claims have some type of outcomes-based reimbursement tied to that, and it's all on the medical side, with providers. Pharmacy has not penetrated that, and this new model is going to demonstrate the role that Pharmacy can play in terms of affecting and improving outcomes, and I think it's one of the big unlocks as you think about an open-platform concepts that we could make elements of broadly available in the market.
Larry Merlo: Bob, also just keep in mind -- to that point -- as you've heard us talk on the Retail side -- more on the CapEx side -- we have the opportunity to repurpose capital that we would have spent in areas that can be dedicated to our activities here, so that's one of the reasons why you don't hear us talking about it in that regard.
Larry Merlo: Charles, it's Larry. Just one quick comment on that, and then I want to flip it over to John. As you look at the Omnicare business, don't lose sight of -- there was a specialty component of that business, which has been fully integrated and quite successful for the business. So, I don't want to lose that element of the acquisition.
Larry Merlo: So, we know this was a long call, we know there was a lot of information, a lot of questions, and as is always the case, Mike and his team will be available for any follow-ups, and I'm sure we'll see many of you soon. Thanks.
Eva Boratto: And, Larry -- again seeing that that I would add there, as Larry outlined, we also see additional opportunities to continue to manage our call space and reduce our core to help mitigate these headwinds as we go forward.
Eva Boratto: Hi, Lisa, this is Eva. I'll start, okay. As you think about the performance in Retail, contracting about 10%, the impact of Omnicare as well as the tax reform investment that it represents about half of the contraction. And clearly, the next most significant driver is what Larry described around lower benefit from generics in 2019. In terms of the streamlining efforts, that is on track, and we're delivering in line with our expectation. It's reflected in both the PBM and the Retail segments.
Eva Boratto: Yes, Ralph, this is this Eva. In terms of -- I tried to quantify the pieces of it. As you look at Retail, which has the most significant impact. The impact of Omnicare, as well as the annualized impact of the tax reform investment, is driving nearly half of the contraction on the Retail business. And think about the remainder, clearly the lack of generics as the biggest driver there. Certainly on the PBM side, the impact of the cumulative nature of the rebate guarantees affected by the lower inflation is a pretty significant driver on the PBM business. Additionally, we said it'll keep in '19. We had some impact in '18. It's what new is that the key element moving us to the lower end of our guidance rage. And we do expect that to move through 2020.
Eva Boratto: Justin, this is Eva. That was a standalone legacy CVS, PBM. And I would say it's in the same zip code if you will, in terms of that overall two to three percentage points.
Eva Boratto: Ana, this is Eva. I'll start. As you look at our guidance for the MBR, it's about 84%, there are couple of things that I would call out. First, obviously, the mechanics of the HIF, as well as if you look at the mix of our business, we have very material growth in the government services business, which, obviously, also increases that MBR. And it's early in the year, and we feel it's important to be proven as we look at these estimates.
Eva Boratto: Yes, Steve, this is Eva. I think a key aspect is we noted in our prepared remarks that we're making significant investments in terms of transformation. There's some of that affecting the HCB segment. So the modest growth is obviously taking into account that that impact.
Eva Boratto: Ann, this is Eva. I'll go back to your 2020 question. As Larry said, it's still really early to give 2020 guidance or expectations, but let me try to provide you some color. In terms of the accretion numbers that were provided back when the deal was announced, it's really difficult at this point in time to speak to those. Given the timing of the deal close, you'd have to mix and match periods as well as changes related to tax reform. But, what is 100% clear is that Aetna is performing at or better than our expectations. We absolutely stand behind the estimates of the value being created by the deal, and as we've said, we're tracking ahead of our year two synergy number of 2020. The factors affecting what I'll say the legacy CVS business is -- as you think about 2020, all of those factors will either improve or phase out, the tax reform investment, obviously, is complete, the impact of the rebate guarantee peaks in '19 and is reduced in 2020, and we expect those Omnicare and generics to improve in 2020.
Eva Boratto: So as we think about the additional investment spending, it's in the $325-350 million range. I would put that spending into two large buckets. Supporting transformation -- it includes investment in our clinical platform to more effectively engage members, our chronic care initiatives, and other initiatives aimed at improving outcomes and lowering costs. The other area that we're continuing to invest in and expand our investment is digital, and improving the digital and mobile experience for members and customers across all of our businesses, and we're making investments in our Health Cloud software platform. So, a large amount of these investments do affect the businesses. There was zero in 2019, if you will, in the denominator for which we're comparing.
Eva Boratto: Bob, I'll take your last question first. There is no -- consistent with Aetna's legacy practices, there is no prior-period development included in our guidance. In terms of investments in the business, yeah, I do think as -- the investments will step down over time, but we will continue to invest in our business as we're evolving to our new model, with the consumer at the center.
Eva Boratto: Kevin, this is Eva. I'll take the first question regarding Aetna's performance without the shifts. What we're seeing -- the most clarity I can give you here is without the shifts and some of the things we've called out, we expect to see modest growth. The business has tailwinds behind it with the growth on membership in both commercial and government space, benefiting nicely from the synergies, but we're also making investments. So the best on a same-same basis, modest growth on the bottom line, obviously, normalizing for the health insurance fee impact.
Eva Boratto: And, Kevin, just to add one thing to Derica's point, while the exact timing with these large changes -- you don't know exactly how the rollout will go -- in our guidance range, we have made estimates within the range around our expected migration.
Jonathan Roberts: Yes, Justin, this is John. I'll take the generic question for. So, the overall dollar amount of generic launches in '19 is similar to what we saw in '18, but there are some key differences. So you heard us talk about less value from break-open generics in '19 compared to '18. And that's primarily due to the timing of the launches leading to slower progress in '19 to the break-open status. But there are also more generics launching in '19 compared to '18 that are single source generics, where we're unable to optimize our profitability during that exclusivity period. And as a result, these generics for the most part are headwinds in '19. And finally, in '19, we're seeing generics that launch with limited competition stay with limited competition even after the exclusivity period expires. And this is driven by many factors, including manufacturing, complexity and regulatory approval timelines. But as we look forward into 2020, based on what we know today, we see 2020 improving from where we were in '19.
Jonathan Roberts: Charles, this is John. So, what gives us the confidence that we can stabilize the long-term care -- that's the SNF. We have to think about stabilizing that. We've invested in account management personnel so that they're providing higher levels of service to the facilities. We've seen significant improvements in our service levels, and our retention rates are improving pretty significantly, and we're putting technology in that assists these facilities in communicating with the pharmacy. So, we think service ties directly to retention, and we've made significant improvements there. And then, we still are very bullish on our ability grow in assisted living. We've implemented a new service model -- we call them "community care centers" so that there's a single point of contact with that community staff for senior living. That was not the case prior to this past year. And then, we introduced some tools that we think are going to be very attractive to these facilities, like multi-dose packaging that is better than what's available generally in the market with barcode scanning. And then, we're also leveraging our CVS retail pharmacies for staff deliveries to these facilities, so these pharmacies are closer than the Omnicare pharmacies; they can respond more rapidly and actually develop a local relationship with these facilities along with the Omnicare pharmacy. So, we think we'll be able to not only grow our penetration rate in these assisted living facilities, but we're seeing existing clients where we didn't have all of the existed living facilities actually give us more of their facilities because of the services and changes and enhancements that we've made.
Jonathan Roberts: I think the structural changes we're seeing -- with senior living or independent living, they're trying to be able to provide continuity of care as people progress through the different phases of aging and they move from independent living to assisted living, and so, we think our value proposition will resonate even more based on these changing dynamics and what we've seen historically.
Karen Lynch: And Ana, just to answer your question on when we'll go-to-market with Caremark, look, obviously, we're in the process of evaluating where we have opportunities. We are rapidly looking at where we have medical and pharmacy and vice versa, working very closely with Derica. We're building products and service capabilities so that we can go to market. And you should expect us to see go to market later this year early in '20.
Karen Lynch: Yes, relative to pricing we will factor all that and consider that in our pricing. But, Ana, what I would tell you is, we'll continue to maintain pricing discipline on our commercial book, but we'll take the value of a combined organization or the value that we expect to capture some additional services in consideration when we do price our book.
Karen Lynch: Let me just comment on general Medicare growth in '19 and '20 -- both years. We are above industry growth. You have to consider when you look at our Medicare business to split the mix between individual and group. Obviously, there are different margin profiles on those books. If you think about 2020, we are exceptionally pleased with the growth that we have for one-one. As you've seen, we're above industry growth. It is really, truly reflecting the number of years that we've been investing in Medicare, it's reflecting our starts performance, it's reflecting our expansion into different geographic counties, and really tight management of our benefit products. What I would also say to you is the way to think about our growth for 1/1 -- think about it half group and half individual.
