Larry Merlo: Thanks Joe. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. Today I'm pleased to report that we are off to a strong start to the year as evidenced by our first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.62 which exceeds our initial expectations. The strong performance was driven by all businesses achieving or exceeding what was contemplated at the high end of our guidance ranges with the Health Care Benefits segment leading the favorability. Now, earlier this year, we provided 2019 adjusted earnings per share guidance of $6.68 to $6.88 and as a result of our Q1 performance, we are raising our full year adjusted EPS guidance to $6.75 to $6.90. This reflects the positive momentum in the business, while acknowledging it's early in the year. We remain singularly focused on driving both near and longer term value for our shareholders. And our first full quarter as a combined entity with Aetna was a success on many fronts. We executed smooth January 1 implementations and both the Pharmacy Services and Health Care Benefits segments posted significant Medicare Advantage membership growth, continued to grow share in our Retail Pharmacy, and we realigned some of our operations to drive greater value. In addition to highlighting these operational achievements, I'll provide updates on important operational initiatives that we called out during our fourth quarter call, progress on our integration and transformation initiatives, the 2020 PBM selling season, and potential policy changes impacting the Medicare Part D program. So, let me start with the notable progress we made on actions to mitigate the near-term headwinds impacting our business. First, our retail sales momentum remains strong, supported by continued focus on our clinical care programs and network relationships. Adjusted prescription volume for the Retail/Long-Term Care segment increased a healthy 5.5% for the quarter. Additionally, our Long-Term Care business is on track to achieve our targeted margin improvements given our cost management efforts and we continue to work diligently in driving growth for the assisted living space. In the PBM, our new guaranteed net cost pricing model continues to garner interest from clients and benefit consultants and will have a small number of clients adopting it this year and we expect higher adoption in 2020 and beyond. We also embarked on a new effort to reduce costs across our enterprise through improvements in productivity and driving efficiencies across our operations. And Eva will provide details on that initiative shortly.
Larry Merlo: Thanks, Eva. We are pleased with the progress and momentum we demonstrated in the quarter as we position ourselves to win in this evolving health care landscape. The breadth of our assets capabilities and experience meaningfully differentiate us from others in the market and provide us unique opportunities to create a company that generates superior value for shareholders and all the constituencies we serve. Next month, we plan on sharing our long-term targets including more specific details on the innovative products and services we plan to bring to market to achieve those goals as well as our earnings, cash flows and debt targets. And we look forward to seeing many of you in New York City on June 4. So with that, let's go ahead and open it up for your questions.
Larry Merlo: Yeah, Lisa, good morning, and I'll take the first part of the question. Lisa, what's interesting is we've just had our Caremark Client Forum a few weeks back. Several of us were there. We spent time with the broader audience as well as our advisory groups, which we have that for each discipline within Caremark. And I would describe the health plans as having an ongoing tremendous amount of interest in terms of what it is that we're doing around transformation and interest in terms of how that can create value for them. So I did not get any sense whatsoever that this notion of channel conflict is entering into the selling season or entering in as a concern. And actually, quite the opposite, wanting to understand where we're at with the transformation and when and how they can benefit from those innovative products and services.
Larry Merlo: Yea, Ross, it's Larry. Great question and I'll take the first part and then I'll ask Kevin to comment perhaps to your point about – it's difficult to talk quantitatively at this point because we still have a limited amount of time, but I'll ask Kevin to talk qualitatively in terms of what we're seeing, what we're hearing from those that we're serving. Ross, I would describe where we're at today as we got more things right in our concept of what a HealthHUB is then things that we missed. And there are some things that we're tweaking, but as you heard in our prepared remarks, we're ready to complete the Houston market in the coming weeks. And to your other question, we will have a more detailed view of the rollout strategy beyond Houston as it relates to this year as well as 2020. So bottom line as you heard in our remarks we are excited about the opportunity.
Larry Merlo: Ross, the -- maybe just wrapping up this topic. One of the things that we are learning, that I know is of interest is, out of the gate we've talked about our hub-and-spoke concept. So if you look at what does it take to complete the Houston market, we needed about another 20 stores, which would represent about 15% of the stores in that metroplex, if you will. So we are learning how to build out this hub-and-spoke concept, acknowledging that there are things that we're learning in these stores that we will apply broadly to the stores that aren't hubs in the market. And again, as Kevin mentioned, we'll talk more about that at -- on June 4. But again, the things that we are measuring, the metrics that we're using internally, we're very pleased. They're all meeting the objective or ahead of our target.
Larry Merlo: Well, Ross, two points on -- to that question. Kevin mentioned the care concierge. And we're gaining a tremendous amount of learnings in terms of what exactly our customers are looking for, based on the interactions this position is having with them. And it covers a wide range of topics. I think the second thing is, there is certainly a lot more that we can do around specialty, based on some of the things that we're seeing and learning. And the third thing, Ross, that I would mention is that, we've got -- you've seen one of the concept stores, but as you think about the various segments that we serve, we could see a HealthHUB that is modified from what you may have seen in Texas, that would play to that segment of beneficiaries, but recognizing that they have different needs than what we may see more broadly in a market. So those are some things that we're working on as well.
Larry Merlo: Yes. Ana, it's Larry and first I -- we appreciate the question. And as you were just ticking off, there are certainly a lot of moving parts as it relates to 2020. And as you heard in our prepared remarks, the point of today's discussion, in light of Investor Day that is a month away, is really to zero in on our Q1 results, our outlook for 2019. We understand and appreciate the questions that are out there beyond 2019 and I can assure you that next month we'll share our near or long-term targets including the details on how we achieve those targets on June 4th.
Larry Merlo: The other thing Steve to keep in mind and I think you heard this on Anthem's call last week that the vast majority of that conversion takes place in the second half of this year to include the Medicare business converting on 1/1/20.
Larry Merlo: Bob, it's Larry. I'll take the first part. And Bob, we had said we have $47 billion up for renewal. We're just over halfway through the renewal season. It's pretty consistent with where we would have been at this point in time with prior years.
Larry Merlo: I was just going to say, Glen, we see those in terms of being foundational and not episodic in nature.
Larry Merlo: Well, Eric let me make sure I'm following your question because as we have talked about rebates, we have always provided an all-in number as it relates to rebates. And so we don't see any issues there or misalignments. If I'm following your question what we have talked about is we see rebates as a form of discounting. And we can get into a lot of discussion around how that has brought the net price of pharmaceuticals down for the clients and members that we serve. And if you look at rebates as discounts what we emphasize is through the private sector there has been a lot of good things happen in that regard. And rebates can take some other form, but we must make sure that the private sector competition that results from that that drives down price that the ability to -- for that to continue in the form of some type of discounts doesn't go away.
Larry Merlo: So just wrapping up here, there were a lot of questions. We appreciate all the questions. We're trying to track to make sure we've answered everything, recognizing there were multiple pieces to questions. One of the things that I do want to clarify, I think Ricky had asked the question about the enterprise modernization, the cost reduction, were the numbers gross or net. And we want to be clear that those numbers that Eva provided were after any expenses incurred to execute that. So those were net improvement numbers. And listen obviously Joe and his team are available for follow-up. And we look forward to hopefully seeing all of you on June 4.
Eva Boratto: Thanks, Larry and good morning, everyone. Consistent with prior quarters you can find a slide presentation posted to our website this morning that provides the details of our first quarter results and the financial statements changes we discussed back in February. First quarter results are reported on a comparable basis and the reconciliations to GAAP measures can be found in the press release and on the Investor Relations portion of our website. For non-GAAP, keep in mind that we are now excluding amortization of intangibles from our operating income numbers. I want to reiterate what Larry said. We exceeded the projections we laid out for this quarter and we're pleased with our 2019 results thus far. Our adjusted EPS was above the high end of our guidance range at $1.62 with all segments performing at or above our expectations and Health Care Benefits leading the way. Consolidated revenue grew 34.9% in Q1 2019 above the top end of our guidance range. This year-over-year increase was largely driven by a full quarter of managed care operation included this year versus last. Health Care Benefits which includes our SilverScript Medicare Part D business contributed $17.9 billion of revenue for the quarter.
Eva Boratto: And Lisa, this is Eva. On your second part of your question I would say, as you know our retail business has worked very strong over the last couple of years to improve our relationships, with other payers and have constructive network offerings. So we'll continue to work on and develop those relationships and don't see anything meaningfully step back there.
Eva Boratto: Hi, Ana. This is Eva. I'll try to break apart your questions there. Overall for both of the legacy businesses retail and PBM, our margins, our performance came in at or better than expected. And some of the headwinds that we outlined, whether it was inflation the rebate guarantees, some of the challenges with long-term care, we performed certainly within our expectation. As we said, longer-term, as we think about the store right moving toward providing more services and greater opportunities, higher value, we see those as the opportunities to improve our margins and our performance in that business.
Eva Boratto: Hi, Ralph. This is Eva. In terms of the prior period development consistent with Aetna legacy practices there was no prior period development included in our guidance. Overall, we experienced favorable development across all of the core businesses as I said in the prepared remarks. And from a magnitude perspective, you can think about it as consistent year-on-year with development last year. Was there another question Ralph? In terms of I think your question also maybe around the settlement with HCA that was taken into account in some of our initial accounting with the acquisition and is not reflected in our results.
Eva Boratto: Hi, Ann. It's Eva. I'll start and Kevin will jump in, in terms of longer term. As you look at our Q1 results, the headwinds are very consistent with what we described as we provided our guidance. Over half of the contraction was attributable to the tax reform investments, our long-term care as well as the incremental tax expense that we cited in this quarter. As you think about the tax reform investments those subside. We are -- those are completed and in the run rate as we get to the back part of the year. We do expect Omnicare performance to improve as we go forward and we do expect generics to improve next year in the near term, although won't be a tailwind as you think about longer term. And we continue to see opportunities to drive services in our stores and increase products as an opportunity to mitigate the traditional headwinds.
Eva Boratto: And I'll just wrap up with one more thing. Obviously the costs the enterprise modernization initiative that Jon spoke to will benefit all aspects of our business.
Eva Boratto: And Steve the only additional piece I'll add on that as you think about when we onboard large health plans, the margins tend to be thinner earlier in the contract period as we execute on our programs and initiatives to drive improvements in the overall margins and profitability.
Eva Boratto: And in terms of Aetna overall, underlying, the business performed well, including the prior period development. It's early in the year. We -- recall, we onboard a lot of new memberships, so we're monitoring that claim activity very, very closely. But I would say on all fronts, we're pleased with Aetna's performance.
Eva Boratto: Yeah. This -- Charles, this is Eva. In terms of what we're seeing as it pertains to generics, it is all included in our guidance. And as we outlined back in February, what we're seeing is overall fewer opportunities with break-open generics this year. It is a lighter year relative to the prior years than what we've seen and we see it improving in 2020.
Eva Boratto: So I'll take the first question, Kevin regarding prior period development. The only thing that is reflected in the numbers we presented today was the prior period development realized in Q1. No projections go forward consistent with our initial guide and legacy Aetna practices.
Eva Boratto: Hi, Peter. It's Eva. It's early in the year, so we provided the range and we'll stick with that range. Obviously as we progress throughout the year we'll provide additional updates. There was a lot of membership growth as Karen cited which we'll continue to monitor their utilization. In terms of the progression throughout the year, as we stated we moved SilverScript over to the Health Care Benefits segment which carries a different quarterly pattern than the traditional Aetna pattern where on the SilverScript it's highest in the first quarter and reduces as you go throughout the year given the risk corridor sharing. So that's a key driver of why you see maybe a little bit of a higher-than-expected Q1 MBR.
Kevin Hourican: Yes, Larry. And I – sorry, It's Kevin. I appreciate the question. We call it creating a compelling place to shop, a reason for the consumer to want to come into the store. And that HealthHUB format is achieving that objective. The consumer reaction has been quite strong. We've added thousands of net new items to the front store in the self-care and wellness arena, expanded MinuteClinic services. We've expanded the pharmacists' interactions with patients with greatest needs. And last but not least, we're really intrigued by the addition of a new position in our store called the care concierge, which is the glue that's kind of pulling together these ecosystems that can help answer consumers' questions about any and all health care needs that they have, including health care benefits in partnership with Aetna and other health plans in the future. And as Larry said at our Analyst Day, we'll talk in more detail about the expansion plans. We're working aggressively on that as we speak and can share those details on June 4.
Kevin Hourican: So just last comment. This is Kevin, again. You asked about omnichannel. We recently announced that we expanded home delivery same day to over 6,000 stores in partnership with Shipt and we're pleased to see consumer adoption to even more convenient home delivery.
Kevin Hourican: And Eva Kevin -- thank you. This is Kevin. I'll just build on that on the longer term. We will talk about this more on June 4. But if you think about the opportunities to improve profitability in the upcoming years think about it in a five-part plan. First is drive industry-leading comp store script growth through our clinical adherence programs and increased medication adherence in script drug. Second is cost of goods sold improvement through Red Oak Sourcing. Third is to improve retail productivity through automation and process improvement. Fourth as we talked about briefly on the last call, a new contracting approach that aligns our incentives for reimbursement through lower overall Medicare costs and sharing those savings. And lastly, we're seeing optimistic things in our front store business through health and beauty, sales and profit growth that are drawing more customers into our store.
Kevin Hourican: This is Kevin. It's a good -- appreciate the question. Think about our script growth coming from three components. One is network relationships the third-party payer contracts which are contributing to growth. The second is organic growth through our clinical adherence programs. So by keeping a patient adherent to their medication therapy, it helps them on their path to better health and it drives our business. We're doing very well on those clinical programs and we see sustainability of that growth.  And then the third piece would be new services. We've introduced some compelling new unique services like our Saving Patients Money program, multi-dose packaging and home delivery, as I spoke to earlier. And we're seeing some nice growth in those newer services that we've brought to the market.
