Karen Lynch: Hi, Ricky. First of all, let me say congratulations, and it has been a pleasure working with you, and we want to, on behalf of the entire CVS leadership team wish you all the best in your future endeavors. Relative to your question, first, let me remind you that we are the largest provider of retail health services in the nation. And having said that, we have a strategy that it - we are expecting to enhance our health services in three categories. As you mentioned, primary care, provider enablement and home health. And as we've talked about in the past, there are multiple pathways for us to make a mark on our community health care and our ability to achieve our strategic goals. And as we've talked about before, Ricky, we have very specific criteria that we look at as we're evaluating our many - many options. We look to see if there's a strong management team, which we are looking to see if there's a very strong tech stack. Obviously, the ability to scale, given the size of the company that we are and pathway to profitability. And as you know, Ricky, M&A can be very fluid. You don't necessarily design exactly how these deals and what gets announced. We are committed to extending our health services in categories. And we are very encouraged and confident that we'll take the next step on this journey by the end of this year. As you would expect, we are being very disciplined both strategically and financially, as we pursue kind of our M&A strategy. We can't be in the primary care without M&A. We've been very clear about that. And let me ask Shawn to talk a little bit more about the specific market dynamics.
Karen Lynch: Yeah, Ricky, I think there's a number of ways for us to think about kind of our overall strategy, and I'll just go back to - we're looking at capabilities. Obviously, in the primary care space, in the home space and in the provider enablement space. So it's a combination of all those. And as Shawn said, it's not a kind of one-and-done activity. We'll continue to evaluate a number of these options.
Karen Lynch: Yeah. And I think, Ricky, the important point to make here is that we have a very strong foundation with the assets that we have. And that's evidenced by the strength that we're seeing in our retail health operations. We had two point - we had a 12% increase in MinuteClinic visits just this quarter. So a lot of opportunity from the strong foundation that we already have.
Karen Lynch: Yeah. So, hi, Lisa, I would say what we're seeing and I said in the prepared remarks, we're having very strong retention results in all of our businesses through our national accounts and through Alan's businesses as well. What we're seeing is continued focus on access, lower sites of care, continue to look at cost. Obviously, employers are still interested in making sure that there's low cost, flexibility, and, you know, and really strong service, that the low cost, flexibility and really strong service. And that's really consistent across kind of the entire portfolio. What we're seeing is we continue to see very strong results with our integrated offerings. We've had very good results. We've - I think we've benefited from having an integrated sales team out in the market selling our products and capabilities. So we're pleased with kind of what we're seeing in the market. Obviously, it's been somewhat dampened pipeline across both businesses. So we've been – you know, as I mentioned, having very retention. But let me ask Dan and Alan to give you a little more color on what they're seeing specifically as they're in the market and selling business, and I'll start with Dan.
Karen Lynch: Yes. Let me start with what we're seeing and then turn it to Shawn on guidance. So for the most part, we're able to pass inflation through to our customers. Having said that, we're super mindful of an environment where we want to make sure there's value on the shelf at all times for our customers. And we think about that in - of course, we think about that in terms of how we price. But it's a great time for our store brands. Our store brands on average of 20% to 40% below our national brand. So it's a great time for consumers to find value at our store brands. do have a lot of substitutability across categories. And last but not least, we have a very large lever with extra care and care pass on the care passes up another 26% year-over-year. We have a great lever with extra car care path to make sure we're providing personalized coupons and deals so that our consumers see value on the shelf. So while it's a good guy in terms of being able to price in we're mindful of value in thinking about that really carefully across categories.
Karen Lynch: Before we conclude today, I just want to leave you with a couple of thoughts. Our team is delivering meaningful progress on our strategy as we're striving to become the nation's leading health solutions company. We are confident that we'll continue to build on this powerful momentum through 2022 and 2023. And we look forward to continuing to update you on our progress. Thanks for joining the call today.
Shawn Guertin: Yeah. Thanks, Ricky, for the question. So we have been very active in evaluating a wide range of assets in and around the care delivery space. And what I would reiterate is that our priority areas remain primary care provider enablement and home health. It's really of paramount importance in a capability-based play that we fully evaluate those defining characteristics, which would include their capabilities to drive real and lasting value. The financial dynamics of these different business models and the optionality and growth levers that they provide us with, including our own ability to deploy our existing assets and create value in these entities. And as Karen mentioned, we've consistently stated that there are multiple pathways to follow to achieve our vision. Our vision is something new and differentiated as you know. And thus, there is no one and done asset there. And so while certainly no asset is perfect. There are differences. As Karen highlighted, when you look at the criteria amongst the available assets, particularly in terms of financial performance, the opportunities for future growth and our ability to drive value. I continue to believe that we can execute on our strategic vision via M&A and begin to execute on that vision in 2022. And the strength of our capital generation is part of what makes this possible, but also provides a powerful lever to supplement our core earnings via share repurchase. And I think we can still - it still remains our goal to commit to the targets that we talked about at Investor Day for '23 and '24.
Shawn Guertin: Yeah. And I think, Ricky, it is both, right? We do need both. And I think part of this is because it goes back to sort of achieving sort of a new and differentiated vision. You need a platform to do that from, right? So it is a set of extent businesses and assets that you can begin to work with, but it's also the platform and the technology and what that - you can then use that the springboard to do new and better things. And I think that's why we really need to move on both fronts with equal importance really.
Shawn Guertin: Yeah, Lisa. The one thing I would add, you did ask specifically about some of the componentry on 2023, and I think it makes sense just offer some high-level comments on sort of the broader context, I think, that we see for '23. And obviously, I'm not providing specific 2023 guidance here. But I'd expect the construct of 2023 to be one of higher adjusted operating income in PSS and HCB given some of the things that Dan and Alan were just talking about. And then given a 2020 retail COVID outlook that's nearly double our initial expectations, I'd expect that we'd see lower earnings year-over-year in retail. Below operating income, given the activity, we'd expect lower interest expense and a flat share count. But I would say that overall, at this stage, again, I'd reiterate that, we remain committed to delivering on the adjusted EPS targets for '23 and '24 that are implied by our December Investor Day guidance and as reflected in the current consensus estimates.
Shawn Guertin: Yeah, A.J., I'll - let me just offer some kind of a frame for the quarters performance, which you are absolutely right. We've continued to see underlying strength in both the front and the back of the store beyond COVID. In the quarter itself, I would say about 60% of our outperformance in retail was really driven by those kind of COVID categories that we talk about. But the remainder, which is still a substantial amount is actually sort of the core strength in sort of the front store and the retail pharmacy operations. And obviously, OTC kits are a big part of the story, as I mentioned in my remarks, but I'll to Michelle to add some more detail on what's going on in the retail operation.
Shawn Guertin: Yeah, A.J., so now we're assuming, obviously, that the redeterminations really won't happen until next year of any kind of magnitude, obviously, with the extension of the PGA  assumption in our guidance. We estimate we've added about 400,000 to 500,000 members as a result of that. And this is a, you know, I put a caveat, it's a difficult thing to estimate on the retention side, but we might retain 25% plus or minus of that membership. Obviously, our individual exchange footprint is expanding, but still limited in the scope of our overall Medicaid block, so some of that will help. But it's still obviously a lot to play out. And then obviously, so this activity, obviously, will be more of a '23 activity now than '22, which we had talked about a quarter ago.
Shawn Guertin: Yeah. So there's a lot in there in terms of moving parts, right. The classic sort of baseline adjustments that we would make the prior year's development, that's probably in the neighborhood of, I think, about $0.12 right now on a year-to-date basis. The big driver here, right, is the thing that - last year was realized capital gains, this year is realized capital losses. And we have about $175 million recognized losses year-to-date and obviously, year-over-year investment income. So that's a story that will play out through the second half of the year and one that we're going to need to refine expectations on net investment income for 2023, just with all of the moving parts. Obviously, there were - we did talk about sort of the onetime adjustment that we had related to the long-term care insurance business. That's worth about $0.06. So those are some of the big baseline pieces and then you sort of now pivot to, I think, sort of the COVID moving parts between retail and HCB. I think for HCB, as I mentioned, we're at a point where we've priced this. We're 3 years away from sort of the last time we had a baseline without COVID. And this really, I think, has to kind of come down to the way we've always talked about this business traditionally, right? This is about kind of matching our prudent price increases across all of our products with our expected cost trends and kind of managing the revenue growth and operating margin dynamics. And I think we're in a very good place now for 2022 on that front and then - and as we position for 2023. I think on retail, while again, it's logical to think that given the level we're at this year, that will go backwards. I think our thinking is we still have sort of an endemic tail and a contribution in 2023. And I think we still anticipate that, that business can perform at a baseline level. That's consistent with what we talked about on Investor Day from sort of the jump-off point of around $6 billion. That's still something that we can operate around in that business. So there's still a lot to be played out, obviously, here in terms of where we go with future recommendations, obviously, around Booster. So - but I do feel good that we've got our - we were in a positive pricing position, I think, right now in HCV as we think about sort of pricing for COVID. And obviously, I think we're in a good position in terms of serving the communities in the - continuing to serve the communities on the COVID front.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. And Justin, just specifically to give you sort of a sense, I mean, as I mentioned in my remarks, we still think we'll be within the range, but probably in the lower half of that range for PSS. And the width of the midpoint to the bottom is a little more than $100 million. And so its in that sort of ballpark, sort of is the year-over-year sort of decrement, some of which, by the way, we experienced already a little bit in Q2. But last - about a quarter ago, we thought this could come in flat year-over-year and now we think it will be down a little bit year-over-year.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. So Eric, I would say, I mean sort of like anything that you do for a while, right, you get more and more efficient on how to do it. So I think on the margin, directionally, that's sort of gotten better. But we've kind of taken opportunity, obviously, with the results to think about how we continue to sort of invest in this business and invest in the customer experience and make sure that we can provide sort of the staffing and all of the services and capabilities that we need on the retail side. And so we've made some provision for that in our thinking for the second half of the year. and that's sort of incorporated in our outlook.
Shawn Guertin: Just let me go back because I want to make sure I didn't – Eric, since usually asked about PVM. I'll use you to go back to Justin's question on the PBM. I want to make sure that I was clear and not confusing on something, my commentary about directional contribution of 340B was specific to 2022 in terms of like what was in our guidance. Obviously, as that volume comes back online, we'd expect a different results for 2023 going forward, so.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. And keep in mind that the significant majority of our revenue in the retail segment is pharmacy driven, and we're not really seeing sort of the inflationary impacts that you kind of hear about in the headlines ripping through that segment. So that's still more the typical levels of pharmacy inflation that would be embedded in our outlook. And even within our front store product mix, sort of the inherent inflation rates in that kind of product mix is different and lower than sort of the big kind of gaudy headline numbers that you hear about- in kind of when they talk about inflation headlines. But again, really, it's really going to be the pharmacy sort of inflation assumptions that drive our revenue outlook.
Shawn Guertin: Yeah. Let me do that one first. It's significantly more than that. We're talking about $3 billion, we've raised retail revenue about $2 billion well more than half of that is related to these COVID categories. So it's a significantly bigger contribution for the full year on that totaling about $3 billion of revenue for the year. And as I mentioned, that's nearly double where we sort of started the expectations for the year. on the MBR front, no, that's definitely positive. I still think our range is indicative of our performance in there. But obviously, just on Q2, we were on the favorable side of that. And so that outlook remains, I think, very positive from an underlying standpoint. As I mentioned, the product sort of the way this is rolling out by product has been very similar. Commercial really consistent with our baselines and probably a little favorability on Medicare and Medicaid. But I'll ask Dan to comment a little bit on what we're seeing below that.
Alan Lotvin: Yeah. So Lisa, it's Alan. I'll just add two things. One, we've certainly seen at the larger ends of the market. The benefit manager is focusing on bringing people back into the office post-COVID. And so we have seen contracts that we thought might go out in '23 and pushing out to 24 and sometimes '25%. So I think that's the first one. I think the second part would be, we see a continued desire for transparency for cost control, particularly in specialty and for kind of digital connectivity and the ability – to really a critical moment when they're renewing a prescription they're thinking about their health. So although those things are resonating, particularly in those areas of the market that are still very active.
Alan Lotvin: Yeah. So two things, Lisa. One, as you look out, it's more that just - everyone's focused on 2023 in Humira, but if you look out over the next 7 or 8 years, there's about $100 billion of product that's going to lose marketing exclusivity. We've started talking with our clients about biosimilars back basaglar  day, so 3, 4 years ago. So we both prepared the market for. We've articulated the strategies around lowest net cost and are continuing to work with our clients. So I do think that as we create - as more competition comes into the market, historically, that's always been very, very good for our customers and generally when - what I've said many times before, when we create value for our customers, they generally are happy to pay us for it. So I do think this is going to be a substantial impact in the PBM industry over the next 7, 8 years.
Alan Lotvin: So Justin, it's Alan. Thank you. The first one though on the drug pricing provisions, so they're sort of limited, if you look at the details, it's 10 drugs in 26 and 20 by 29. And if you look at the way the language is structured, it would articulate that these are all products that are unlikely to have material competition. So I think the overall impact is going to be positive in the sense that drug pricing will come down for those products where we advance of competition, but I don't think the impact on the overall model is going to be substantial, just given the nature of the way the definition of which drugs fall in work, that's the first part. The second part with respect to 340B, as you know, there have been a lot of changes to the way that program has operated. And essentially, if you boiled it down, it's – there are two critical decision/actions on behalf of the covered entities. In order to reaccess the financial value, which as I know you know, critically important to many of those critical access hospitals to maintain their financial liability. We need to start providing a certain level of data on contract pharmacies to the pharmaceutical industry. Their decision-making process is somewhat slower than I think people expected, and then the ability to turn that data on is a little bit slower, but we're seeing steady decision-making and steady expansion of the number of hospitals that are doing it, and we expect that, that will continue through this year and into next year.
