Larry Merlo: Thanks Valerie and good morning everyone and thank you for joining this morning's call. Before discussing our Q3 results, let me say a few words about this morning's news. After more than 40 years with the company and a decade as CEO, I will be retiring from CVS Health next February and I'm very pleased to share that we have chosen Karen Lynch to become CVS Health's next President and CEO effective February 1. As you know Karen is currently President of Aetna and she is ideally positioned to lead CVS Health on our ongoing journey to transform health by making it more accessible and affordable, while delivering better health outcomes. And I'll work closely with Karen and our Board of Directors to ensure a seamless transition as I remain on the Board and serve as Strategic Adviser through May of next year.
Larry Merlo: Thanks, Karen and congratulations. I also want to thank all of our CVS Health colleagues past and present, especially, our management teams with who I have been privileged to serve. I know you'll have questions for Karen, a few for me, but for now let's get down to the business of our third quarter results. And our strong Q3 demonstrates the value we're creating through the resilient, strength and flexibility of our diversified business model and underscore the impact of our transformation and growth strategies. We are accelerating elements of our strategy with innovative healthcare offerings that address the evolving consumer landscape providing both personalized and connected care that deliver better health outcomes. Importantly, as we expand our range of offerings our client and customer satisfaction metrics are at all-time highs. We continue to serve our local communities as a trusted provider of essential healthcare services and now as the leader in diagnostic testing during one of the most challenging times in our nation's history. We are working closely with local community organizations as well as federal, state and local governments to expand COVID-19 testing, especially, within traditionally underserved communities. In addition, we are pleased to have been selected to partner with the government in administering COVID vaccines when available for long-term care facilities. And our track record with COVID testing along with our experience in vaccinations have demonstrated our ability to rapidly scale services and we expect to play a significant role in all vaccination administration.
Larry Merlo: Yes. Lisa, thanks for the question. And Lisa, as you look at the HealthHUBs today and as you look at the performance within the four walls of the store, we continue to be pleased with what we're seeing even in a COVID world. Okay, in terms of additional visits whether it's MinuteClinic, whether it's pharmacy utilization. And as we look at the front store performance, we are selling a different mix of products that -- with that comes a higher margin profile for the front store. So that's the first part of the story.  The second part of the story is really what the HealthHUBs enable across the enterprise. And as we talked last quarter, COVID did slow us down in terms of turning on all of our marketing programs and related activities. In the last, I'll say four to six weeks, we have now begun to turn those things back on along with some of the integrated products that are coming to market example of that being Aetna Connect that we talked about in our prepared remarks. So the second value creator is what the HealthHUB enables in terms of value creation that accrues somewhere else across the enterprise.  And as we begin to scale up those types of whether it's enrollment in Aetna Connected as one example along with the other products, we talked about Transform Diabetes Care and obviously Alan plays a role in terms of how that plays through the Caremark business with their clients. That's what we'll be talking about in totality, acknowledging that there's a scaling issue as those products come to market. 
Larry Merlo: You know what Lisa, it's a great question and it's really both. There's the general marketing to consumers in terms of the awareness of what new products and services may be available in the store; an example the countless numbers of people that suffer from sleep apnea and how we now become part of their maintenance program as you think about the products associated with that. And then equally if not more important is the second part of your question in terms of what it does in terms of attracting its – what we talked about is one of the important value creators in terms of how we can grow lives as a result of that and how those lives further penetrate the various community assets that we have in terms of higher utilization. You heard us talk about examples in our Medicare offerings for 2021, as another example that leverage those CVS community-facing capabilities.
Larry Merlo: And Ricky thanks for the comments. The only other point that I would make, in terms of -- I think what we'd like people to walk away from is -- if we told you a year ago that to-date six million people would have gone to their local CVS Pharmacy for a diagnostic test, related to some virus. We'd probably get an eyeball roll. The reality is, that's happened. And it really speaks to the strategy that we've talked about, in terms of meeting people where they are. One example of that's being in the community. So again, I think it's a very tangible proof point of our strategy coming to life in a very meaningful way. And we look forward to playing an important role in the vaccine administration, once that becomes available. And as Eva pointed out there's a lot of uncertainties. And in February, when we get to the Q4 call we'll provide a lot of context in terms of 2021 as well as the assumptions that we're making. Because -- between now and then probably all the questions won't be answered, but we'll talk about how we're thinking about it for the year.
Larry Merlo: Well Ricky, look, as we look at the challenges in long-term care, we view those as -- I'll describe them as cyclical that are directly tied to COVID. And Eva talked about, lower bed census. That continues. We think that, once the -- once COVID is behind us, that they will return to more historic levels of occupancy. And we continue to see the assisted living space, as an important element of those that we can serve. And we're continuing to look at those opportunities, as we think about what we can do today in a COVID world, okay, in terms of supporting those facilities when you think about both, testing as well as vaccine administration. And then, how that transitions in a post-COVID world.
Larry Merlo: Yes. And Charles, I alluded to this on an earlier question in terms of concentration. And we continue to believe that 1,500 hubs is the right number. I'm sure everybody can appreciate that converting HealthHUBs in a COVID world has been a challenge just from a logistics point of view. So the build-outs have been a little more difficult. We will end the year this year around 600 hubs. And as you think about 2021, and the earlier discussion -- or question around testing vaccines, we have reprioritized some capital and resources investing in those capabilities as we think about the ongoing role that testing and vaccine administration will play. So as we think about 2021, we will -- by the end of the year we will have at least 1,300 hubs. There may be some spillover to that 1,500 number into the early part of 2022 but that level of concentration certainly allows us from a sales point of view to address the multiregional and the national clients in a very differentiated way than what exists today. So most of what -- the question you were asking is more very regionally focused where we have a concentration within a particular geography.
Larry Merlo: And George the only point I would add to that is keep in mind the regulations being relaxed have enabled a lot of what Karen just alluded to. And the customer satisfaction, patient satisfaction around that is extremely high. And I am very optimistic that in a post-COVID world, we won't go backwards okay because those relaxed regulations are -- you got a high level of customer satisfaction. And in terms of what we're monitoring there's also a high level of quality associated with how the services are being provided for today.
Larry Merlo: It's a great question Ann. And look, I wouldn't say that I could answer that there is one party preoccupation with rebates. And I think, it comes back to the stories that we've told countless times in terms of the value that PBMs play in driving down the net cost of pharmaceuticals and the fact that the vast, vast majority of those rebate dollars get passed back to plan sponsors. And you'll remember when we had the great debate, as it related to the PDP program and the analytics that were done not by us, but by independent authorities that said that premiums were going to go up for seniors by as much as 25% to 30%. And yes there were a relatively small percentage of higher utilizers that would net up favorably but for more than 80% of seniors their costs were going to go up as a result. And those facts haven't changed and it's those facts that killed that rebate roll from moving forward. And if we were to sit here today and reinvigorate that debate, we would be having the same discussion that we had a few months back. 
Larry Merlo: Yes. Ann I would just say that and we'll talk more about that as we give our 2021 guidance and outlook. That drug we're still working to understand the indication in terms of -- it is our understanding that it has a very narrow indication based on the symptoms that a particular patient may present. So it's -- there's more to come on that. 
Larry Merlo: Look I think where Steve was going with the question was about the utilization trends in COVID. So Karen can... 
Larry Merlo: Okay. Justin, it's Larry. And there's a couple of variables in play here. And if you go back to the March time frame when we saw a lot of pull-forward activity, especially with 90-day, you're going to see -- you're going to continue to see some spike. It's starting to even out, where you saw this dynamic in March, but then you saw 90 days later in June, 90 days later in September. The second dynamic that, we did see flu -- the seasonal flu vaccine, really spiked in September. We started -- we always start that program in very late August. And we ran September, where flu vaccines year-over-year were probably double what they were the prior year. Good news, people were heeding, the public service advice in terms of the importance this year of . So, as you move into October, that is beginning to normalize. So you don't see that spike continuing. And as you look at the comparison of seasonal flu year-over-year, the good news is, we do not see any outbreaks at this point even regionally of the seasonal flu. And if you compare that to last year, the seasonal flu did begin in the month of October, so that is depressing the October numbers. So hopefully that gives you some context of the variables that are in play.
Larry Merlo: And with that, look, it was a long call. I know, there was an awful lot of information. We appreciate everybody joining us this morning. And I think you hear our enthusiasm for the progress that we made our Q3 results. And please stay safe, stay healthy and we'll talk to all of you soon.
Karen Lynch: Thank you, Larry. I'd like to start by thanking you and the Board of Directors for this opportunity to lead CVS Health. I have tremendous pride in our company and in the 300,000 talented colleagues who work tirelessly every day for millions of Americans.
Karen Lynch: Lisa another way to think about – to add to what Larry said between Caremark and the health segment, we have 100 million members between the two of us. So if you think about those 100 million members and the opportunity we have to change our products and services to attract them to the HealthHUBs, that gives us a good opportunity for growth as well. 
Karen Lynch: Well, first of all, thank you. Relative to PDP, if you recall when we took over the SilverScript business, we had a very defined strategy to rebalance the product portfolio to achieve higher margins. And the second part of that strategy was to attract PDP members that we could ultimately convert to Medicare Advantage members. So as we changed the product portfolio, this year we introduced the new PDP product. We have priced it at the target margins that we believe are appropriate. The product is designed for a certain set of individuals that we believe can ultimately and will be interested in moving to Medicare Advantage. So we're pleased with where we are priced and the products and service that we're offering in PDP. 
Karen Lynch: Hi, A.J., it's Karen. Relative to the opportunities for next year, we are -- there are a number of RFPs that we are assessing that we feel that we're well positioned for. So we're excited about the integrated value and the opportunities, we think we can bring to the marketplace with all of our enterprise assets. So we're working through that. I would note that, relative to one of our contracts that is under protest. So, we're monitoring that very closely and that was a large contract. On re-determinations obviously we are monitoring that. And that has been a big part of our growth this year. Unemployment we expect to continue to see unemployment. We expect to see increases in Medicaid enrollment, as a result of that as well. So, Medicaid is an important business for us. It does have the opportunity for growth. It is strategically positioned, as an important business and we hope to continue to grow that asset.
Karen Lynch: Yeah. Thank you. I forget you asked that question. Yeah. Obviously the states are -- have a lot of budget concerns. In a lot of our contracts we have -- they have protection on risk corridors and we're working very closely with the states on Medicaid rates. And we've always been in the position to have conversations with them about actuarial soundness. So those are the conversations that we're having. But we do anticipate in the fourth quarter to see some impact on our Medicaid business as a result of state rate adjustments.
Karen Lynch: Yeah. What we've done to drive volume into not only the HealthHUBs but our MinuteClinic is we've offered low-cost, no-cost copays. We have almost four million members in that product design today. We have started to see increase in Aetna membership in our HealthHUBs overweighting for chronic diseases. So we're pleased with what we're seeing for the benefit design, and then obviously driving utilization into MinuteClinics and the HealthHUBs. Our connected care product, which we introduced this year as well is designed to essentially leverage all of our company assets. And we're really excited, we've seen good pipeline, good interest in that that not only supports the MinuteClinics, HealthHUBs, our standard formulary, our telemedicine, our Coram business. So again we are looking at opportunities. When we develop products, we develop designs for the integrated assets of the company.
Karen Lynch: So as you said, consumer behaviors have changed dramatically because of COVID and we do believe that we need to meet people where they need to be met for their care delivery having that be in our HealthHUBs and MinuteClinics, having that be through telehealth capabilities. And as we mentioned on our last call, we are building out E-Clinic capabilities so that we can certainly address when people want to have telehealth capabilities. We also see an advantage for people being in the home and we believe there's opportunities for serving members in their homes through our nurses and other services that we have yet to build out. 
Karen Lynch: Yes. We've had tremendous success in doing that. You heard Eva earlier talk about the 40,000 members that we've moved. We really have a targeted strategy to identify those members that make the most sense. We use our marketing tools and then obviously with our broker channel have those conversations. And now with the change in the pandemic we're using a lot of digital capabilities to interact with those individuals. But we're quite pleased with the success that we've had. The product that we put in the marketplace has been very targeted and we're confident that we can continue to grow moving from PDP to MA.
Karen Lynch: Lance, let me comment on the national accounts. You recall that our first and foremost strategy was to deliver the medical pharmacy integration. We achieved over $300 million of additional pharmacy revenue as a result of that integration. Relative to the HealthHUBs, the MinuteClinics I think what we've done here on the benefit designs recognizing that four million people have already -- have benefit designs that support our HealthHUBs and support our MinuteClinics is truly a good indication that we -- that it's resonating. We also are working with certain national accounts on piloting where HealthHUBs would be kind of primary first place for them to go. So we have one large national account that's working with us to see how that would work. And we're excited about that possibility and then leveraging that to other national accounts. Clearly, there's other opportunities from our Caremark business and let me have Alan talk about what those are as well.
Karen Lynch: And I think Ann, from an underwriting perspective our actuaries always work closely with the clinical teams understanding the pipelines understanding the probabilities to factor in all of the variables to underwrite our business with the greatest level of accuracy possible. 
Karen Lynch: Yes. Let me just comment on utilization. As we've mentioned utilization has been steadily rising since April. It does vary by segment. We have our commercial segment that is back to almost near normal levels. Our Medicare business is slightly depressed. And relative to cost categories we are continuing to see lower utilization in emergency room and inpatient, but above levels in specialty pharmacy lab and radiology. Obviously it will vary by product and by geography. And we're closely monitoring our utilization because of the COVID viruses in the certain geographies. What -- relative to elective procedures, we have seen electives come back. But again that varies by geography. We see it more depressed in areas that the virus has spiked. But overall that's where utilization is and we're monitoring it very closely. 
Eva Boratto: Hi, Ricky, it's Eva. I'll take your question. Thanks for that. Overall, I guess where I want to start is as we look at all of the aspects of our business and all of the variables that could affect our business, we remain confident with mid-single-digit growth. And certainly in February on our year-end earnings call, we'll have more to provide there. But we believe we've made the right investments over the last several years to set us up to continue to accelerate growth. Some of the things I'd highlight are we've invested in our Star Ratings; delivering new offerings you've heard Karen and Larry talk about that, continuing to expand our diagnostic areas and things you've heard us talk about, related to the HealthHUBs and modernized and managed our underlying cost structure. So there are many moving pieces. As you can appreciate there's a lot of uncertainty as well, in terms of the timing of different aspects. But we'll come back in February providing greater detail. And I would add -- one more point Ricky, I would add is, as you've seen our business perform over the last several quarters during COVID, we have some natural offsets in our business. What is an opportunity from one side of the business may be an incremental cost for another area. So our diversified portfolio is really playing together nicely.
Eva Boratto: And Karen if I could just add in addition to what you said as you thought about the MA designs as well. And for this year it was a smaller pilot, but we've also expanded as we look forward to 2021 incorporating the enterprise assets and the hubs.
Eva Boratto: Thanks for that question. At this juncture what I would say is we continue to stay focused on achieving our low three times leverage ratio. And I'm extremely pleased with the cash and the focus across the company. You heard our increase in guidance was due to the underlying operations as well as the focus on working capital, and we will continue to focus to get to that target ratio while -- I'd just add while investing in the business as we've spoken about and maintaining the dividend.
Eva Boratto: Yes. Michael, thanks for the question. As you think about the incremental operating costs, the PPE, the store cleaning and those types of areas, I would think about those on a monthly run rate in the $7-ish million range. It obviously can fluctuate depending on what's going on in a particular area in a particular market. And as Larry said earlier, we have been investing and looking in terms of the testing going forward, readiness around being a vaccine distributor and to be ready to deliver a vaccine when one comes to market.
Eva Boratto: Hi, Justin. Thanks for that question. Absolutely. We provided the baseline jump-off $7.10 right in the middle of our initial guide reflecting the underlying performance adjusting for the variables that I outlined in my prepared remarks. Additionally as I said, we remain committed and on track towards the mid-single-digit targets that we have for 2021. As you've seen quarter in quarter out, our overall enterprise has been performing, delivering on the expectations that we have set and the assets are working together to deliver on our expectations.
