Karen Lynch: Yes Lisa, I’ll start with the 2025 bids. I feel like we have a high degree of confidence that we caught the trend for 2025 bids. We took a very prudent approach - we talked about that last quarter, relative to elevated trends and that we expected elevated trends for the rest of the year and into next year, so we feel very confident. I had a cross-enterprise team looking at the bids throughout the entire bid cycle, and we feel good that we’ll achieve the 100 to 200 basis points of margin recovery - that’s what we expect. Relative to utilization in the quarter, I’ll ask Tom to comment on that.
Karen Lynch: Yes Justin, thanks for the question. Our goal obviously is double digits, and we’re striving to achieve that - that’s the goal. We’ll provide more detailed guidance later in the year, but let me have Tom walk you through the headwinds and the tailwinds as we think about 2025.
Karen Lynch: Yes Ann, just a reminder on CostVantage. We really introduced this model to simplify and address the pharmacy reimbursement model, and Prem and the team have been working with PBMs to really contract and address those pharmacy reimbursements and have had success, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks - we have eight PBM contracts already signed and underway. I’ll let Prem talk more specifically about those contracts and where we’re headed.
Karen Lynch: Eric, we’re really pleased that CMS has offered this Part D program to really stabilize the Part D premium. We have applied for the demonstration and are looking forward to working out the details, but we really do think that this was the right answer and we’re very pleased. We were talking with CMS over the course of the last several months, we felt like we had influence over that and feel good about what we were able to accomplish.
Karen Lynch: Yes, nothing has changed relative to our Stars. It actually improved given some of the changes that occurred earlier this quarter, and Kevin, you described what we feel is very positive momentum going into 2025. As both Tom and I talked about, we feel good about 2025 relative to that positive momentum; in addition, we have very strong retention in our Aetna book and in our CareMark book relative to client accounts, so generally speaking we feel good about 2025. But as Tom said, we want to see how the rest of the year plays out before we give formal guidance for 2025, which is typical of what we do anyway.
Karen Lynch: Thanks. As you asked, the financial performance of this business was not meeting my expectations and I decided to make a change. Relative to the priorities there, I will be establishing a very strong management process, driving execution of improved financial and operational performance, and those will be my key priorities.
Karen Lynch: Yes, I think a couple things. One, we’ve taken a very aggressive approach to educating Congress on the role of the PBM. We’ve been doing a lot relative to communications. One of the things that--you know, both David and I have spent a lot of time on the Hill, and what we realized, it is an education thing, and we’ve been amplifying our message and you can see that. What I would say is that we have demonstrated and proven over time that we are saving money, and the results reflect that. I think the FTC was very targeted - you know, they took certain data and not the holistic data to really amplify their story versus the real story, and we feel confident that--you know, we continue to have discussions. As you can see, nothing has happened in Congress because there’s a lot of discussion going on around the PBMs. I do think that, if anything ever does happen, it will be on transparency, but we continue to drive and educate Congress, and that’s what we’re doing, and continue to--. I’ll ask David to see if there’s anything else he wants to comment on here.
Karen Lynch: Yes, and I just want to emphasize the point that David made - you know, we are leading the industry in changing the way pricing is done, both at the retail counter and through CareMark, and I think that we’ve set the standard for future innovations, and I think that’s an important part to changing the dialog and the landscape in this business.
Karen Lynch: Thank you for joining our call today. I want to take the opportunity to thank all of our colleagues for their continued contributions and working to improve the health of all the people that we serve. Thank you.
Tom Cowhey: Hey Lisa. As you look at the trends, there is a lot of things going on inside the quarter. The first quarter re-stated quite positively. A lot of that, we think was a function of change. We actually saw some strong restatement in in-patient in first quarter trends, but then as we looked at what happened in the second quarter, we actually--the Medicare trends quarter-over-quarter, they were roughly flat but at a lower level than what we experienced, or thought we’d experience in the first quarter. In-patient trends were consistent but at an elevated level, and then we continued to see some elevated trends in outpatient. We saw some pressure in supplemental benefits, such as dental, and also in pharmacy. We also saw some categories such as--we talked a little bit about the outpatient pharmacy, that we had seen that pressure in the first quarter. We saw some positive restatement there and actually some deceleration of trends, which was a nice offset. Our current outlook, we think prudently incorporates where we are for the remainder of the year, but as you think about the bids, part of the question here is where exactly does this manifest? We had a substantial amount of contingency as we look at our 2024 baseline for those bids, and remember for 2025, we assumed that same level of trend persists for effectively a third year in 2025 at essentially a double-digit rate, very, very high abnormal trends. When you step back and look at where we’ve seen some of the pressure this quarter, dental for example has been completely restructured in our 2025 bids, and so if we see pressure there throughout the remainder of the year, it’s unlikely to translate. Part D, as we all know, has been completely restructured for 2025, and so we’re not--we don’t believe that’s some of the pressure that we’re seeing there is also going to carry over, because those bids have been rebuilt from the ground up. I would also highlight, you saw some of the changes in CMS Star ratings. We did actually get a nice tailwind in that one of our important HMO contracts done in Florida flipped over to four stars, which will also create an incremental tailwind, and so we feel good about the range of outcomes that we’ve talked about, 100 to 200 basis points of margin improvement, and there are many scenarios where we think the high end of that range is entirely achievable.
Tom Cowhey: I think when we were out earlier last quarter, we talked about a range of 5% to 10%. That’s a good baseline, but I also want to just highlight, why is it that we expect to lose that membership. It’s because there were some county exits - that’s a small portion of what we think the lost membership will be. As you think about, though, where our assumptions have made some significant dislocation is where we’ve had--we didn’t have a product that we thought we could get back to target margins over the time period that we have, and so we pulled those products, and then we re-filed a new product with a different set of benefits that we would not have been able to achieve by just changing our existing benefit structure. We believe we’ve been fairly prudent given the level of disruption that is likely in the marketplace next year and assuming that those terms and resells are going--those resells are going to happen at a much lower rate than what we have historically experienced, but should we see some upside from that, it is likely going to be, in terms of membership relative to that range of 5% to 10% down, it’s going to be in products where we restructure the benefits, so we don’t necessarily feel that’s a bad thing. In other words, I don’t know that losing membership is part of the path to profitability, we think that a lot of that has been incorporated just simply into the bid pricing.
Tom Cowhey: Yes, I talked a little bit about this in the prepared remarks, Justin, but I think just highlighting again, our goal is to grow double digits, but we want to see how the remainder of the year plays out, and we’ll provide guidance as we normally do officially later this year. I would say as you look across the businesses, I just would remind investors that we’ve seen strong performance in health services, we’ve seen strong performance in pharmacy and consumer wellness, and we are encouraged by the momentum in both of those businesses. The real question then, of course, becomes Aetna, and so let me break down a couple of the big pieces in there that I think we would like you to focus on. First, the individual business - we made significant price increases in our baseline for 2025. That is likely to yield a slightly lower membership base, but with a much higher profit margin than where we are this year. When we then learned about how 2023 risk adjustment had backed up on us, we actually--as part of the process when that happens, you actually have the opportunity to re-open your bids, and so we worked with our state partners and we put incremental rate into certain key states after receiving the 2023 risk adjustment update, so we feel good about our ability to make progress there. In Medicaid, there are price increases that will go into effect on nearly half of our book on January 1, 2025, and we’re also--I would say there are some isolated pockets on some very specific issues in certain states, where we’re seeing some isolated pressure, and we’re working with those states to see what we can do to enhance some of our medical management to try to improve the trend outlook there as well, so we feel good about our ability to improve the outlook for that business. Now, I will also just note, we do have a large win in Texas that will have some start-up costs associated with that next year. In Medicare Advantage, I talked about this, we did make meaningful adjustments to our offerings. We feel good about our ability to get 100 to 200 basis points in improved margin in 2025, and then if medical costs were to subside from our current outlook, which effectively carries this very high level of trend and then a little more based on what we saw in early July throughout the remainder of the year, if some of that were to subside, there’s obviously upside from that because we’ve been very explicit about what our trend assumptions are. We have line of sight to over $500 million of incremental cost savings in 2025, and we believe that we have the opportunity to drive $2 billion worth of cost savings over time. Those efficiencies are going to allow us to drive results both for shareholders but also invest in our products, processes, infrastructure. We think these are the right things to do. A lot of them were underway, but we really accelerated our focus on delivering near term value to help improve our outlook. When you pull all of that together, again we feel like we have a lot of positive momentum. Our goal is to grow double digits and we’re going to update investors later this year.
Tom Cowhey: I’ll answer the last one first. You’ll have some better insights into that when we see the open enrolment period and the landscape files later this year. Obviously how our membership is impacted is going to be highly dependent on competitor actions, and so we’ll give you a better sense on what that looks like later this year. As you think about medical cost trends, remember there are certain things this year that are specific to some of the pressures this year, and so when you think about trends in the bid, we think about some of the core trends and then we look at some of the things, like supplemental benefits, separately. But we’re experiencing all-in, including pharmacy, double-digit trends this year, and when you look at the core trends associated with the baseline in the bids and the baseline that we carried into 2025, it’s consistent with the experience that we are seeing year to date, that we’ve carried through for the next 18 months.
Tom Cowhey: I think there’s a wide range on the remaining results for the year, and it’s really a function of how much credibility you want to assign to some of the early indicators we saw in July on the Medicare business. At the low end of that range, I think 200 is pressure; at the higher end of that range, I think 200 is very achievable. Really, Stephen, it is a function of where some of the trends over the remainder of the year manifest, so to the extent that they occur in areas where we’ve restructured benefit, we clearly are going to get a reset off of that, that is not going to carry forward into 2025 I’d just again highlight, though, we believe we’ve been very conservative in both the baseline and the trend that we assumed in 2025, and so even at the low end of that range, depending on how it manifests itself, we still might be able to get 200 basis points of improvement next year. We really need to see just how the baseline matures over the course of the next couple of months to give you more firm guidance on that.
Tom Cowhey: Today we have multiple reference price models in the marketplace with payors. Our intention is to move all of our commercial contracts, as I stated previously, to our CostVantage model. It benefits both payors and us in the predictability and the way cost of goods are passed through, and provides predictable, what I would say is reasonable margins for the pharmacy as it relates to that. Our expectation is that we will move the commercial market over to this. We will still have a dual market, right, because the Medicare and Medicaid contracts still exist on another platform, and as we’ve said prior, we’re going to move the commercial marketplace over on 1/1/25 and follow that with the Medicare and Medicaid markets at some time in the future. From my perspective, we’ll be able to handle that, but our expectation is that we’re moving the commercial marketplace over for 1/1/25.
Tom Cowhey: Yes, we’re not providing guidance at this point. Our expectation is to, as we’ve said over the long term, if you think about what’s happened with reimbursement pressure going all the way back to our analyst day, we’ve talked about how it’s been a headwind for retail for a very long time in this industry. What CVS CostVantage will do is over time, it will flatten that out to basically allow payors to have the benefits of our industry-leading cost of goods to get passed through in a more transparent fashion, and flatten out the reimbursement pressures over time. We haven’t provided 2025 guidance yet, but the expectation of CVS CostVantage is to really do that over time and provide a floor in retail.
Tom Cowhey: Kevin, one just point of minor clarification, the 100 to 200 basis points has always been inclusive of the Stars tailwind next year, but as you think about some of the pressures that we’ve seen or could see, based on what we’ve heard and some of our early reads in July, really as we think about what’s happened in June and get more data there, one of the positive offsets to that potential trend inside that range is further momentum on Stars because of that change, particularly to our Florida HMO contract.
Tom Cowhey: Lance, just one quick follow-up, we’re not parsing out where some of the $500 million in synergies comes from - that’s all bottom line. A reminder, though, as you think about 2025, we do have some expenses that are deferred, that will come back in 2025, and this will at that level help to offset that. We’re not done yet - we’re still working through what other opportunities we have this year, so I think of that as a floor that will help to improve the outlook for next year.
Tom Cowhey: Sure Brian, thanks for the question. Maybe just let me take a step back and just talk about the quarter, because I think as you look at the quarter, it looks stronger than I think it is. We had $150 million worth of prior year reserve development, we had strong prior period reserve development off the first quarter, particularly as claims normalized after the Change cyber attack. We had some revenue pick-up in Medicare, we had some positive provider settlements. Going the other way, we had to increase the risk adjustment payable, but there’s more positives than negatives as you look at the quarter, which I think got us to the printed results inside the quarter but really masked some underlying pressure. We took the opportunity to really step back and re-evaluate what we saw in the second quarter, and really over the full first half now that we have a more complete period, and really tried to pull that forward into the remainder of the year. If you look at the last five years at the very highest level, you say the MBR tends to pick up the back half, how much was the pick-up? So off a printed first half, you tend to see four out of the last five years, the one exception being 2020 when COVID really masked the underlying trends, you see 150 basis points of pick-up in the MBR in the back half - you know, deterioration that goes up the MBR. At the midpoint, that’s exactly where this guidance is - that’s at the very highest level. I hope that that should give investors some confidence. Then as you look at the specific risks, what we’ve done is we’ve taken the presumption that the trends in Medicare that we’ve seen throughout the first half, that they will persist throughout the remainder of the year and that they could modestly increase. As we noted, the first quarter did restate positively, but we continue to see elevated medical cost trends in the second quarter and we did have some indications of pressure in July. We don’t believe that that is an increase into midnight [ph], it’s just we’ve seen broad-based in-patient pressures. The range of outcomes for the remainder of the year on the Aetna business is primarily driven by a very early read on an uptick in a long July, so that’s part of the reason for the range, is to try to incorporate what some of that variability is off a very early indicator. In our exchange business, our outlook incorporates the potential for additional risks over the remainder of the year, particularly if we’re not successful in maintaining our risk adjustment trajectory on the 2024 block, and lastly, we incorporated the risk that the dislocation between Medicaid acuity and rates that pressured us inside the quarter persist throughout the remainder of the year. Maybe the easiest way to think about it is at the low end of that range, the AOI range for healthcare benefit, the risks are probably all roughly equivalent in magnitude, and they’re really the primary drivers of the change in outlook. We think that we’ve captured it, but we’re obviously watching the data very closely but we tried to incorporate as much prudent into the outlook as we thought was appropriate.
