Larry Merlo: Okay, thank you Dave. And I just want to say again that I am very pleased with our performance year-to-date and I do want to take a moment to thank our colleagues across the CVS Health Enterprise for everything that they are doing day in and day out to serve our many customers and stakeholders while driving results. And as a pharmacy innovation company, we are focused on our growing role in shaping the future of healthcare, and with our unmatched enterprise assets we are very well positioned for today and at the same time we’re still hard at work on the next innovation that will prepare us for tomorrow and drive value well into the future as we look forward to sharing those with you next month at our Analyst Day. So with that let’s open it up for your questions.
Larry Merlo: Good morning John its Larry and I’ll take the first part and then I think Dave will go ahead and jumped in. John, as we described in our prepared remarks I think we talked about some of the variables in play that impacted both front store and pharmacy margins. We saw growth in both of those areas but I think as you know we have not historically broken those out, other than qualitatively or directionally talking about the factors that are impacting. And obviously in the front store there is going to be some adjustment because of eliminating the lower margin tobacco products and we talked about the fact that, that represented about a third of the improvement that we saw. And as we’ve been talking out for quite some time I think our retail team has done a very effective job in terms of walking that fine lines we’ve described it as the balance between art and fines in terms of how do you drive traffic and sales in a responsible way so that it has a flow through to the P&L and part of that is also reflected in the growth in store brands as well. And I think in the pharmacy segment again there has been a lot of cross turns in the market but similar to what we talked about in the front we’ve brought that same level of discipline as we’re thinking about participation and preferred restricted networks. And at the same time some of the factors that are in play in terms of driving generic utilization and formulary management et cetera, et cetera.
Larry Merlo: Good morning George its Larry I’ll start and ask Jon to jump in here. Again this is something we spend a fair amount of time talking about at Analyst Day last December and the capabilities that the NovoLogix technology that really serves as the driver to be able to do things on the medical side of pharmacy that we think have been largely unmanaged I think we’re in a point now where we can sit down with a respective client and look at their claims that if you will and actually show them the opportunities that we can bring the savings that are derived as a result of that.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Dave it’s a great question. And I think as I mentioned, we now have 44 of those affiliations and I think we've got a number of pilots underway with several of those health systems where we are actually transmitting the patient CMR back and forth. I think that it is a synergistic opportunity where both parties see the opportunity as a referral source. There are patients that we are seeing that have to be referred to for more comprehensive work up and further diagnosis. And at the same time, recognizing our focus on acute care, there are services that we can provide, high quality at a much lower positive care and as we've talked many times getting the visit out of the emergency. So I think it starts there I think with we are in the early innings of the capabilities that we have. I think as the second part of your question we are doing point of care testing in our clinics today and we are evaluating the various technologies that exist in terms of playing a deeper and vigor role and we are excited about a pilot that we now have underway in one of our Texas markets where we are actually performing infusion services in one of our clinics. So I think you will hear us talk a little more about that at Analyst Day but I think there are a number of opportunities that we have there.
Larry Merlo: Let me take the second question and I will put the first question back to Jon but Lisa I think is again as you've heard us talk in the past, you've got to be right on and competitive on pricing, you've got to deliver service, so I think those are ticket for the games. But beyond that I think we have an off a lot of differentiators and it's a cliché to say that when you see one client you see one client but they all have different priorities and I think that we have a growing list of services and products that meet the needs of very diverse clients, whether it's maintenance, choice, Specialty Connect Pharmacy advisor we just talked about MinuteClinic, our leadership and growing position that exists in specialty and as well as the consultant services and that exist within our Medicare Part D assets whether it's providing that service for health plan or our standalone SilverScript products. So we can go on and on with that, okay but I think that we are all very confident and bullish on the fact that our integrated assets are making a meaningful difference in the marketplace in terms of reducing the cost of care and at the same time improving the quality of that care. So I will flip it over to Jon if he wants to add anything to that and then talk more about plan designs.
Larry Merlo: Bob, again I think we mentioned in our prepared remarks that we’re very pleased in that the wins that come across all sectors of the business, we’ve seen it on the important side on the health plan side as well as the government sponsor side. So we’re pleased with that. The dynamic in terms of the profitability I don’t think that dynamic we have seen materially changed that typically over the life of the contract you see profitability of those contracts improve and typically it is at its low point in that first year of the new contract.
Larry Merlo: Bob, I think that obviously we have seen an accelerated growth in Med-D. I think from our retail provider side as I mentioned earlier there is going to be a step down in margin associated with participating in those networks as one of the preferred providers and once again I think our retail team has done a very effective job in terms of evaluating the step down in margin against the anticipated share shift and as a result of that there are plans that make sense to participate in a preferred way. There are other plans where it doesn’t make sense. Keeping in mind that all Med-D plans are not equal when you look at the co-pay delta that exist for the beneficiary, the consumer in terms of preferred, not preferred as well as the make-up of that Med-D plan in terms of, if it has a high percentage of low income subsidies they are not subject to the co-pay differentials. I’ll refer to them as the chooser beneficiaries. So I used those as just two examples as well as geographic strength and presence that go into that evaluation.
Larry Merlo: And Mark, I think that has been a step change over the last let’s say 12 months and I think for the reasons that Jon mentioned, they heard it was coming and now that they’re seeing the impact of drugs like Sovaldi they’re very anxious about ways in which we can bend that cost curve if you will.
Larry Merlo: Well, Steve I think it’s important to put this in context I mean I think the Red Oak around people migrate, active employees migrating over to the exchanges but Red Oak around that has quite a down tremendously and other than perhaps small employee organizations we’re not hearing any of that in mid and large size companies. I think as we alluded into in our prepared remarks I think that and it’s not in consistent with what we’ve talked about in the past. I do think that if there is any trend emerging it is employers getting out of the retiree business and I think that’s what we’re seeing back to our earlier comments and it’s kind of hard to put a number on that but I don’t see anything migrating beyond that at this point in time.
Larry Merlo: Yeah, Charles we have not broken out your second question in terms of referral visits. I think in our prepared remarks, we've talked about the fact that year-over-year visits were up 30%. Now that is not a comp number we have not broken that out, okay. But I can tell you that, that growth did not come just from new clinics. We are continuing to see healthy growth in clinics that have been open for a couple of years now.
Larry Merlo: Yes, a couple of things. One is I don't think there is anything that is necessarily one time in nature per se if any material nature absolutely normal cadence of recoveries for Medicare Part D which is kind of baked into kind of our run rate. So I don't see anything abnormal from a cash flow delivery perspective. And I think both from a receivables and payables perspective I think if we continue to work on a payable side and probably still some opportunities. On the accounts receivable side is really, we are probably constrained a little bit as it relates to Medicare Part D and a performance and requirements around CMS which is probably not a lot that we can do to influence that specifically other than just make sure that we are fully on top of it managing it effectively.
Larry Merlo: Okay. So with that, once again let me thank everyone for your time today and for your ongoing interest in our company and we look forward to seeing hopefully all of you next month in New York.
Jon Roberts: Yes and George this is Jon. So I would think about this in two ways. One is the ability to move some of the specialty drugs out of the medical benefit and into the pharmacy benefit rheumatoid arthritis is a good example so that we can use our existing capabilities tools utilization programs to effectively manage those for our clients and we do have clients that have an interest in doing that and something we continue to recommend. For the balance of the specialty drugs are managed under the medical benefit we have what Larry talked about the NovoLogix capability to essentially do everything we’re doing on the pharmacy side today, prior authorizations, reprising, utilization programs and manage those programs under the medical benefit. We’re primarily seeing interest from our health plans with the NovoLogix tool and we have got a lot of success there in growing that business.
Jon Roberts: Hey Scott, this is Jon. From a client perspective, they use a retail locations just really synergistic to their goals of being able to reach the consumer, influence that consumer, change that consumer’s behavior and lower overall healthcare cost. So, I think you have to think about really as an integrated model not just as a standalone retail pharmacy bolted on to a pharmacy to integrate all these channels.
Jon Roberts: Yes. So Lisa I am out in front of a lot of new perspective clients have been over the last year obviously very pleased with the results of the selling season. I would say service issues that they may be experiencing kind of get them to look at what else is available in the marketplace but it's clear once we sit down and talk about everything that Larry covered they see our value proposition and I think it's led to a lot of our success. I think as far as plan design changes we're obviously see more movement consumer driven health plans. We're the member there's more financial responsibility particularly upfront. So we are seeing providers, a high interest of providers in fact most of 50% providing coverage of generics so that there isn’t a negative impact on adherence which we are very pleased to see. I think other things around plan design are I think you are going to see more interest in narrow networks as we are kind of, as we are returning to higher trend I think plans are going to be looking to at the lower cost and ways like that. And I think when you think of narrow networks you really got to just aggregate the different segments. If you look at Medicare Part D, clearly we are seeing a lot of preferred networks there, managed Medicaid, we see them narrow networks employers have been great adopters of maintenance choice but we are also seeing movements into narrow preferred networks. And commercial health plans really have been I would say the slowest to adopt these plan designs, but I think with the growth of exchanges I think you’re going to see movement there. So when you look at the new business wins that we brought on this year we have about a third of our new wins adopting different plan designs and moving into narrow networks as an example.
Jon Roberts: Bob this is Jon. As trend continues to grow and there has been a lot of discussion about that the slowing down of the generic pipeline, the growth in specialty I think the good news is that we are seeing this in the new business wins, these clients are going to be adopting our programs which help them lower our cost but are also good for us and improve our profitability. So we think it’s a win-win and there is good alignment there.
Jon Roberts: Great question, we’re very happy with how Specialty Connect is performing. We’re seeing a very high level of patient satisfaction and it’s been deployed across our retail stores in specialty pharmacies. Let me say it’s start because there is client component to this also when our clients value this capability and they see this is another differentiated service that we offer and somewhere the maintenance choice has been very successful where we see about 50% of the people want to keep their specialty script up with the local CVS and other half want it sent home. And so realizing most of our important clients are exclusive with us. This is a big benefit that they can give their members. Now when you go to the open market and these are physicians and patients that get to choose our specialty pharmacy. They value service and convenience of Specialty Connect offers. And we have, and have had for years well north of 100 people out working with physicians and talking about the services that we provide and getting their patients started on specialty medications and so this is just we think this just gives us an added advantage in the marketplace because it’s going to be more convenient for their patients and it provides a high level of service for their physicians. So, we’re very bullish on this in both the open market and also the market for our clients we think it gives us an advantage. What’s interesting is that our pharmacy teams love it, because it’s leveraging our integrated assets that no one in the marketplace can and allows them to serve their patients in their local pharmacy and pharma is also very happy with it the inherent results they see in this program because it's equal to or better than what they see traditional specialty pharmacy and better than adherence that they see and normally see in Retail Pharmacy so overall very happy.
Jon Roberts: No, we’ve seen a lot of growth in the open market as well. So, we’re growing both segments so very happy, this gives us we think an advantage over the traditional open specialty pharmacy players.
Jon Roberts: But yes we’ve added new business we’re seeing existing clients primarily health plans narrow their networks they normally have several preferred pharmacy so we’re seeing more interest and pushing more share into our channels and we’re rolling the open business as well as I talked about so we’re very happy with the performance of specialty.
Jon Roberts: Clients that I speak to are very aware of it and they’re seeing it in their trend growth so it was something we talked about at our client forum this year. Specialty is their number one priority, they’re looking for ways to control those cost as an example, very high interest and formula strategies but four years ago there wasn’t a real strong interest in, very interested in some of our capabilities around side of care that we can do with NovoLogix. So, yes I think they’re very aware of specialty.
Jon Roberts: And Steve, this is Jon. And just remember we have an opportunity to recapture those lives through our health plan relationships and also for retirees or Silver Script product that as you can see it is very competitive this year. So we think we will do well and some people move into that exchange.
Jon Roberts: John the only thing I’d add what Dave said is that, when you look at the 2014 specialty trend I mean it is going to be double digits and so all these going to play a big role in that. And there is, we actually saw on the back half of this year that the utilization in the Hep C market primarily driven by Sovaldi plateau. We’ve seen Harvoni launched already and we’re actually seeing an uptake in utilization and most of that uptake is coming at the expense of Sovaldi. But also there is a new MV product coming out in December that will compete with Harmony. And so our plan is to leverage our formulary strategy and bring cost down and we’ll determine which products one or more actually are on our ‘15 formulary so I think we are going to have a little different dynamic as we move into ‘15 because we’re now seeing competition in the Hepatitis C category.
Jon Roberts: It is the push back and it is change to our expectations but I think that shift in that change is fully contemplated our guidance for this year I think the actual launch date of that is recycle into ‘15 is still up in the air quite frankly we are not certain. So we keep posted on that we’ll keep watchful eye on that. We may know more by Analyst Day I think we may not. But we’ll see where we are.
Dave Denton: Well, George as you think about Red Oak as we mentioned in our prepared remarks I think the team has gotten off to a terrific start and I do want to emphasize that we essentially airlifted if you will very talented individuals from CVS and from Cardinal that were performing those functions within each company respectively. So, we don’t have a brand new team that is doing this work so I can tell you it’s a very talented team if you sat with these individuals you would know which individuals came over from CVS and which ones came over from Cardinal so I think the management team there has done a terrific job in terms of blending the culture and so on. I think as we talked about value being created, George, there is really three ways that value gets created. One is from the fixed payments that Dave alluded to in his prepared remarks and the fact that we’ll see the first of those payments flowing through the P&L in the fourth quarter of this year. The second is based on a set of predetermined milestones that if they’re achieved there is the opportunity for additional payments to CVS and again I want to emphasize that those are milestones derivatives, if those milestones are not achieved there aren’t additional payments but if they’re there will be and then the third is, this is where scale and expertise and knowledge comes into play that we believe that there will be opportunities to further lower our acquisition cost from what exist today.
Dave Denton: Yes. Steve this is Dave, maybe just one other comment. We could maybe harken back a little bit to the some of the comments we made several quarters ago. If you look at the exchange market and you look at the assets that we have in place across our enterprise, we are very well positioned from the exchange perspective in a sense that one, you obviously can plug in from a PBM perspective. I think about plugging in from a specialty perspective, from a retail perspective, from a clinic perspective, there is a host of assets that we have here that really we can plug and play and really meet the needs of the exchange population and really with our touch points with consumers across the marketplace really allow us to kind of utilize those assets in meaningful ways to drive value for both consumers also plan sponsors in the exchange markets.
Dave Denton: Hey, Charles. This is Dave; maybe I will take that, just one comment. I think we’ve been very disciplined and I think applied somewhat of a sophisticated lens to this activity. As you can imagine, as Larry stated earlier it’s not all Medicare Part D products and benefit designs are created equal. And I think we look at the each one of those designs, we analyze the utilization impact and the share movement impact based on the design and the co-pay differentials and we understand what makes sense for us and what makes sense for our plan sponsor. And we also compare and look at the makeup of that membership base and understand whether it's a low income subsidy base or a chooser base and that creates different dynamics in the marketplace. So we've factored all that in and essentially underwrite our performance there and make choices that we think are economically in the best interest of CVS Health, but also the best interest of our health plans and best interest of the consumers that we serve and I think we have been very disciplined around our approach to that.
Dave Denton: I think it’s probably little too early to chat about specialty trend in specifics as it relates to 2015. I would say that Jon and his team have been working with client to kind of outline that if you don’t manage specialty trend over the long-term, that you can see trend in kind of the mid-teens level over the next several years but I think that what we have been working with our clients to do is go back and outline a series of steps and activity that they can implement with us that can actually help them manage that trend down to very reasonable levels they chose to do so. And we’ve been very explicit with our clients and working very diligently with them to make sure they understand those tradeoffs.
