Larry J. Merlo: Good morning, John. I’ll start and then I think Jon will probably jump in as well. And I think that we really have a surround sound specialty program, okay. I mean we highlighted Specialty Connect this morning and I think that’s one important component, but I think our ability to not just manage the specialty drug but manage the specialty patient I think is what is the real differentiator in the marketplace. And I’ll let Jon pick up from there and talk about the various ways we’re doing that.
Larry J. Merlo: Bob, I think the broader market I think we’re seeing utilization pretty flat I think from the exchanges I think as had previously talked, I think we’re seeing more of a benefit coming out of the Medicaid expansion. I think there’s still some uncertainty as we mentioned in our prepared remarks in terms of when you look at the exchange population, just how many of those are incremental to health insurance coverage. So I think we’ve talked about the fact that we see '14 as a transition year. As we mentioned earlier, we do believe there is a modest benefit more of it coming from Medicaid in '14 but I think that we certainly see this ramping up as we move into '15 and beyond.
Larry J. Merlo: Bob, I mean we’re not going to provide any more granular information in terms of – to the first part of the your question. I think in terms of the second part, we have been able to manage transition across members as well as physicians in a very seamless fashion, recognize that. The formulary changes that we’re talking about affect a very small percent of our member base. And that has allowed us to do a lot of, I’ll call it seamless transition in terms of making it a nonevent for the patient as well as the physician.
Larry J. Merlo: Meredith, I don’t think we’re seeing any changes in the consumer. I think that the consumer continues to be a cautious purchaser of products. At the same time, I don’t think we’ve seen a change in the competitive environment. We still see an awful lot of promotion across competitors. And we mentioned earlier, we’re continuing to be very disciplined about and quite frankly find that sweet spot. Oftentimes we talk about the art and science in terms of investment spending to drive traffic but to be able to do that in such a way that we’re driving profitable sales.
Larry J. Merlo: Eric, the other thing that I think you’ll find interesting, Jon touched on or maybe an analogy of Specialty Connect to Maintenance Choice and what we have seen out of the gate is about 50% of the customers choose to pick up the specialty script at retail which ironically is very consistent with what we saw from Maintenance Choice when we first highlighted the program a few years back.
Larry J. Merlo: Ricky, we have continued to see accelerated growth at 90 days scripts. I would say it’s growing much faster than the 30-day bucket, if you will. Today it represents about – I think it’s 29% of our retail prescription pie, if you will.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, I mean I think you have it right in terms of how you’re thinking about the maintenance bucket of scripts versus the acute side and yes, I think it’s reasonable to expect it to continue its growth trajectory as we’ve seen the last couple of years.
Larry J. Merlo: Scott, I think I’ll start and others may jump in here. But I think you hypothesis is correct. It’s going to evolve from what exist today and we’ve talked a lot about the fixed asset base within the store and the fact that that next prescription has a disproportionate flow through to the bottom line, okay. At the same time, we do see opportunities to extend the pharmacy experience into the front store and I think that Helena has begun some work, some exciting work in terms of the opportunities that that creates. So we’re certainly not in a position where we’ve cracked the code on that or we’re ready to talk to about it other than the fact that I do think that you will see something different in the future from what you see today.
Larry J. Merlo: David, good morning. I guess I’ll just start by saying that when we formalized the JV agreement, we had established some guiding principles that spoke to the goals of the entity to reduce cost for our clients, our customers while making the supply chain more efficient and to create win-win opportunities such that there’s equity and fairness in the value that gets created. So obviously over the past six months, we’ve had a lot more time to dig into the data. And it simply made sense to modify the agreement with those guiding principles that I outlined in mind. We’re not going to provide any granularity around some of those milestones but I think we have had a terrific relationship with Cardinal for many years. I think that that’s what led to the JV being created and I couldn’t be more pleased with how the teams from CVS Caremark and Cardinal have come together in the spirit of how do we improve efficiency and drive down costs. And I think we’re off to a terrific start.
Larry J. Merlo: George, I think as Dave pointed out, overall we see a deflationary nature in the generic environment and we’re really not going to comment on specific products or AWPs.
Larry J. Merlo: I think as we pointed out this morning, we continue to see significant growth. Some of that is organic in terms of the ongoing growth of the existing clinics and some of that is being driving by our expansion. We said earlier we’ll open up on 150 clinics this year. I think it certainly is a discussion in the selling season. I think that kind of the ticket to the game metrics are being right on price and service, but we’ve got a lot of other elements with which we can offer clients the MinuteClinic option being one and one that it’s getting a lot of attention.
Larry J. Merlo: Steve, I think it’s hard to point any one win and attribute to the tobacco decision. I can tell you that it’s had a lot of discussion with our clients. Obviously recognizing our clients and the fact that they’re working hard to get their members or their employees to stop smoking, they have applauded our decision. Listen, I think it’s one of those intangibles that again back to my earlier point about you got to be right on the basics and then once you’re right on the basics there, I think we have a lot of intangibles that collectively I think become something very meaningful in the client’s eyes.
Larry J. Merlo: Steve, it’s a great question. I think if we rewind three of four years, I think what we learned with that decision was the strategy was right. And I remember talking – as we talked to clients back in late 2011 or early '12, the issue that they had that created the negatively was from an execution largely the timing of the communication, that’s where we were out of sync. We weren’t lined up with their benefit cycle. So I think once we made that course correction, which was an easy one to fix, I think that all the noise subsided.
Larry J. Merlo: And keep in mind that the $2 billion reflected tobacco sales, companion items within that basket and that is a full year revenue number.
Larry J. Merlo: Okay. And just limping back on Mark’s question on specialty, in our remarks we said specialty growth was 53%. If you back Coram out of that number, the growth was around 40%, so just bringing closure to that. So with that, let me thank everyone. I know this was a bit of a long call, but a lot of information and thanks for your continued interest in CVS Caremark.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Yes, so John as I talk to clients about Specialty Connect, what they really like is opening up the access because specialty has historically been a mail order only access for their members with some retail outlets but not really that accessible. And as clients become more focused on it, they’re really excited about this capability and they think of it like Maintenance Choice that as you know has been very successful in the marketplace. And one of our customers is also a physician, so as we talk to physicians they like the fact that we’re opening up convenience for their patients. And specialty today has its business with our PBM clients but there’s also a big open market in Medicare and fee-for-service Medicaid that again physicians have the ability to influence where those members go. So we expect to grow within our PBM base through clients selecting us because of these integrated capabilities but we also believe we’re going to get a disproportionate amount of referrals from physicians as well.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Historically, retail has performed very much under what traditional specialty pharmacies have been able to perform at. And with Specialty Connect we have achieved the same levels of adherence with our Specialty Connect patients that we have with our specialty pharmacies because we’re able to connect all the clinical capabilities and back-ins of specialty. I know that is a concern that pharma had when we talked to them, but we’ve showed them results and have actually demonstrated an even higher level of adherence because now patients can select which channel they go to. So, we think we’ve solved that and that’s a real benefit.
Jonathan C. Roberts: This is Jon. The only thing that I would add is that we expect pharmacy trend, year-over-year growth to the pharmacy spend to grow due to continued AWP inflation, increase in utilization that we just spoke about and the growth in specialty sourcing and clients very open and much more receptive than they had been historically about narrowing formularies. We’re about to about 95 exclusions now. I’ll tell you as we’re making these decisions and these decisions are made through a clinical filter that’s reviewed by our P&T Committee, we are still generating tremendous value for our clients each year and we think there continues to be opportunity particularly in specialty.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Hi, Eric. So the mix of customers that are moving over is a combination of open and lives that we have. And as we think about growing Specialty Connect, it’s going to be by driving a higher share of open lives which we’ll do through working with physicians and through new client wins as new clients decide to move to us because of all of our integrated capabilities, Specialty Connect which is one of those.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Well, Lisa, we’re obviously very happy with this year’s selling season and when you look at the mix of clients, I think it’s very balanced with employer’s health plans and government business. And I can’t really point to really any one program that has moved up in their priority other than specialty, but we now continue to expand our integrated offerings and many of which are unique, such as Maintenance Choice and Specialty Connect, Pharmacy Advisor and MinuteClinic and all those combined resonate. And then when we talk about our ability to be able to touch members and influence their behavior and impact outcomes that results in lower prices to the client, that continues to resonate. And I think – I’ve probably seen a little more interest in specialty which has become the top priority in the marketplace and I believe our assets are unmatched. We talked about Specialty Connect earlier, but we also have Accordant, which is a rare disease management company that we link to our specialty offering and that treats not just rare specialty disease state, but it treats the comorbidities. And most of these patients have other diseases that they’re dealing with. We’ve talked in the past about NovoLogix have to spend in the medical benefit not really being managed. We have that capability. Home infusion people are very interested in as well, moving people out of expensive hospital settings into their homes or infusion clinics.
Jonathan C. Roberts: I would say it’s pretty consistent with what we’ve seen in prior years. With health plans probably don’t take as many of our programs as employers do. W are seeing more uptake in our formulary strategy than we’ve seen in the past. Maintenance Choice 2.0 we’re beginning to see uptake in the health plans that historically haven’t really emphasized a mail benefit. But I think I would think about it, Lisa, as consistently what we’ve historically say.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Ross, so I would say we’re continuing to win in the marketplace. I think this year has been particularly good and I think it has a lot to do with everything I was talking about to Lisa with our integrated assets, our ability to deliver cost has a lot to do with what we do with generics and our formulary strategy and the fact that we focus on service to both our clients and their members. So, they like our story and we’re very happy with the wins that we’ve had this year.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Yes. So, Charles, as far as manufacturers working around it, I think that’s the beauty of the exclusion program. They used to try to work around our formulary tiering through co-pay coupons. So once the drug is excluded, the member will have to pay 100% so it would be hard for a manufacturer to work around that. Our strategy around excluding has really not changed. We’ve always had prior authorizations. We do have the ability if a physician feels like a particular drug has a medical necessity that they have the ability to get to that drug, but it’s a very, very small percent of patients that have physicians that want to get them on a particular drug. So it’s really a safety outlook for them.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Well, we have the template exclusion that we’ve been talking about but we also have more aggressive formularies that clients can opt into. So the next step up excludes 170 drugs and then there’s another step that excludes 300 drugs which essentially is all generics. So we do see as we move into the out years, we’re going to be moving towards some of the more restrictive formularies that we think clients are going to be very interested in. So there’s a lot more work and a lot more runway here.
David M. Denton: Hi, Ricky. This is Dave. We don’t really provide a forecast for generic inflation. I’ll just make on comment just from the nature of the generic marketplace and we’re encouraged obviously with the joint venture that we’ve created with Cardinal but also encouraged that we believe strongly that the generic marketplace is long term a deflationary market and we believe that we’re well positioned to work hard in that marketplace to lower our cost and also lower the cost for our clients and the patients that we serve.
David M. Denton: Hi, Scott, this is Dave. If you recall back to kind of even to Analyst Day, we fully expected that Q3 was going to be our softest quarter from a growth perspective. So this is very much in line with that expectation. Clearly, the cadence to profitability is tied to really two events is the time to break open generics and when they overlapped LY. And secondly the timing of profitability as we cycle through Medicare Part D. So both of those events are impacting Q3 and consistent as we thought they would impact Q3.
David M. Denton: Scott, this is Dave. I think the most, at least mid-term opportunity we have to improve asset turns, if you will, first is – one’s kind of the just the growth of the service model to the degree that we grow services in our outlets. We do that without deploying a bunch of capital from an asset perspective. And then secondly, as we talked about many times is we do have opportunities from an inventory perspective and making sure that we maximize I’d say the supply chain across all of our channels will be important to us over the long term.
David M. Denton: George, this is Dave, maybe I’ll start. Clearly, what we’re signed up to do is our purpose in life is to work to reduce cost for the clients that we serve and the members that we serve that either use this via mail order or use this in our retail outlets or use this in various and sundry other matters. And so when we look at generic inflation, our focus is to control that and to push down those cost to goods sold at this point in time.
David M. Denton: Yes, Ross, obviously M&A has been part of our DNA for a long time in our company. We’ve been very clear that as we think about capital deployment, one area to deploy capital is in kind of investing backward in organically in our business and we will continue to do that. I would say that at the same time, we’re going to be to your point very disciplined in how we approach the market. If you look at our asset base today, we don’t have any glaring gaps or holes in capabilities at this point in time. But as we said, to a degree that we can bolt-on assets that make sense that we have line of sight to both synergies and returns, we’ll do that. And I think that the market is still active in that perspective.
David M. Denton: If you just look at what we communicated, we said that in the third quarter that the exit of the tobacco category would be somewhere between 400 and 500 basis points to front store comp impact, negatively impact. And that rate would essentially double as we cycle into Q4. And so that’s essentially how you should think about modeling the progression of that.
David M. Denton: Hi, Mark. This is Dave. I don’t know that we really had any significant acquisitions in that number. Most of that is of [Coram] (ph).
David M. Denton: Yes. This is Dave, maybe I’ll touch that. I just want to say that the generic launch and break open schedules, if you kind of watch the market, those launch dates continue to evolve a bit. Some move out, some move in even since what we talked about at Analyst Day. And if you look at it, many of the '14 launches have been in flux. As we look into '15 I think some of the break open generics will look a little bit lower than we originally planned when we look back at Analyst Day in December of last year. But I would say it’s still very fluid at this point in time. We’ll continue to kind of assess the situation and give you updates as it becomes pertinent.
David M. Denton: You got to think about how we cycle to LY, so if you look at the cycle of our back half for this year to back half of last year is a little worse.
David M. Denton: Hi, Frank. This is Dave, maybe I’ll start here. I think if you look just from a PDP perspective the number of lives, the real I guess opportunity to gain lives is early in the year. So I think if you look to the balance of the year, I don’t think there’s a material change or opportunity that presents itself in the marketplace. As we cycle into '15, I think we’re encouraged by what we heard from a benchmark perspective. I think that although that’s what we’ve heard, we don’t really know what the opportunities are at this point in time. I think we have a very attractive product as we cycle into '15, but as far as the auto-assignees we’ll need to understand more fully how the market will evolve and we won’t know that for several more months yet.
