Tom Cowhey: Thanks, Dave. As you as you think about the financial impact, and I think you're specifically referring to V28 on the risk model, which is something that we spent a tremendous amount of time thinking through and diligence, we think that there's a lot of opportunity here over the long term as we think about the ability of Oak Street, their people, their process, their technology, to really adapt to a changing regulatory environment. And so, we have a lot of confidence in their model. We have a lot of confidence in their ability to execute this. The issue as you think about this is really going to be what's the timing impact of this. They've eliminated a lot of more generic codes and they've added a lot of HCC indexes to more complicated codes where they think there is a higher correlation with costs. And so, we've got to both set the systems up to ensure that we're capturing the appropriate data to help not just think about what the gross impact is, but what the net impact is, and then we need to have the encounters happen to actually capture that data. And there's lots of other mitigants. I think as we looked at Oak Street, we're pretty comfortable that they're in a better shape than a lot of other participants in the industry. But because of kind of the timing of the implementation of these changes, it is only a third phased in next year, but we think we'll probably have about a 2% revenue impact. But we actually think that, that gap will shrink over time even as V28 is more fully implemented. And so -- and all of that is captured within our preliminary guidance range. Overall, we actually feel really good about Oak Street's model, its ability to deliver exceptional care. I think the ACO REACH results is just another great example of how their model is differentiated versus what else is out in the marketplace. And so, we feel really great about the long-term prospects, which is why we've actually doubled down and we're going to grow 50 to 60 centers next year and probably accelerate after that as we look to expand that footprint more aggressively. You asked also about capital in M&A. I think we've done a lot of acquisitions this year. I mean, our focus in the near term is really on execution, execution in growing those businesses which are well on track for '23, and execution in continuing to drive synergies and growth.
Tom Cowhey: Sure. Why don't I start and then Prem can give you a little bit more color on kind of the competitive environment. You asked specifically about some of the tailwinds in that segment. I think there's two things that I'd call out. The first is just strengthen our immunization franchise and the second is I think that as you think -- as you look at where the consensus was for that business, I don't think that we're getting enough credit there for some of the actions that we took to restructure quorum last year and some of the benefits that would provide some of the store closures, which continue to ramp and some of the benefits that you're starting to see from that particularly as we've exceeded all of our goals on employee retention, but importantly, on script retention and also front store retention. So we've done really well and kudos to that team on the execution there. But as you think maybe about the immunization franchise, we did just under 8 million vaccines in the quarter. Flu represented probably about half of that total with COVID probably about a quarter, and the remainder is a variety of different vaccines, but also included the new RSV vaccine, which we saw a strong growth in. Performance across that book was quite good, and a lot of that actually has to do with some of the efforts of our trade team, which helped to really drive some of the strength in the quarter. We project that vaccines are probably going to peak early in the fourth quarter before declining in 2024, and that's primarily due to COVID softening versus part of the early part of '23 when the public health emergency was still in effect. As COVID moves into the endemic phase, our plan is that we're going to talk about the vaccine franchise more holistically and but we do think that there's going to be pressure there because COVID is going to wane. And I think as you think about next year, we've anticipated that the current level of performance is not going to persist partially because of COVID, partially because of the typical dynamics of just rate and reimbursement pressure but also about a little bit of a provision for consumer softness. Prem, maybe you could talk a little bit about -- more about kind of the script growth and underlying dynamics in the market.
Tom Cowhey: A couple of things in there, Eric. So let me start, and David can add any color commentary. Sourcing benefits, our trade teams are exceptional. They continue to execute every year. Some of the strength that we saw in the vaccine franchise as part of their efforts and some of -- planning some of their strategies to what we do more broadly. So I wouldn't say that there's anything exceptional or except for the fact that, that team is exceptional every day. Your point on drug mix and rebates, I think is spot on. GLP-1s are a category that particularly with enhanced competition is going to present an excellent opportunity for us to continue to drive lowest net cost. But the way that, that's developed this year has made some of our guarantees less onerous to hit. And as we think about Cordavis in 2024, we absolutely believe that there will be a benefit as we drive volume through that organization.
Tom Cowhey: Yeah. There's -- Elizabeth. So, I think that as you think about core growth, I think that's probably the best way to start to think about this. So we do think that you should see mid-single-digit core growth out of the business. But then you've got some very specific items that kind of are pluses and minuses against that. So the first would be the loss of the Centene contract and that we've sized that for folks in the past or implicitly. But I think as you think about how well that business has performed this year, that number has become a little bit larger. We also, as we talked about, we have the annualization of 340B. And so both of those will help the pressure that -- and offset some of that core growth. Offsetting that, you are going to see incremental value from Cordavis and you'll also see some of our overall cost savings that will be in the Pharmacy Services segment that will help to offset that. But I think you're probably looking at a low-single digit growth as you think about the AOI there. I mean we'll provide a lot more details on that as we get to Investor Day. As we think about the labor investments, I think there are other places that we can look to try to offset those. It's clear based on the environment that this is the right thing to do, and we're committed to doing that. I would also note that over the last few years through next year, we’ll have made over $1 billion investment in wages. And so we’re committed to continuing that strength and making sure that we’re a destination for employees.
