Larry J. Merlo: Well, thanks, Dave. Let me just summarize here. I think we closed 2011 with a very good quarter, earnings solidly in line and free cash flow ahead of target. Once again, we delivered on our promises. I think, as you heard, 2012 is off to a great start, and today, we've increased our earnings and cash flow guidance to reflect the industry opportunity we're capitalizing on, as well as greater confidence around our working capital management. We absolutely remain focused on driving shareholder value, and our productive long-term growth, significant cash generation and disciplined capital allocation will continue to be important drivers of returning value to our shareholders. So with that, let's open it up for your questions.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, Shane, I think as we outlined in our remarks, we saw some weakness in the flu season, which impacted our front store growth, as well as disappointing holiday sales around the Christmas products. That element of it is behind us, and I think as we outlined our comp guidance for the first quarter, we are expecting to see stronger front store trends than we saw in Q4.
Larry J. Merlo: And Shane, at the same time, we are expecting to see more RFPs out in the marketplace this year. The benefit consultants are driving that with the Express-Medco deal on the horizon. So we do see more activity coming, but as Per mentioned, it's very early, especially on the employer side of the selling season.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, Lisa. I'll take the second question, and I'll ask Per to comment. We have about $16 billion up for renewal in this selling season, and that would exclude the Med D business, which, as you know, is kind of up for renewal every year.
Larry J. Merlo: Lisa, that's a great question, and we really don't have a benchmark against this. As I've said in the past, we know that that pharmacy customer is the hardest person to lose, but once you lose them, it's the hardest person to get back. And I believe the longer this goes on, the more sticky the customer will be, especially as they have the opportunity to refill their prescription a few times and get to know the pharmacist and the staff in the store. And obviously, our Retail teams are doing a great job in terms of doing everything that they can to engage those new customers.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, John, there's a little bit there, but as we were just talking with Lisa's question, the focus right now is making sure that, that transfer process and the administrative tasks associated with that, that is front and center in terms of what our store teams are focused on executing. And we're just beginning the process of getting these new customers enrolled in ExtraCare, as an example. So I think it's going to take several weeks to really shake out what the front store impact of this will be. And Mark can talk a little bit about some of the investments that we're making with that in mind.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, Dane, I think as we've communicated in the past, in the fourth quarter, MinuteClinic actually hit a breakeven status for the first time at what we define as the enterprise level. And we will expect that to continue even as we expand the MinuteClinics going forward, so we're very pleased with what we're seeing there. And the role that MinuteClinic plays, as Per was talking about our integrated programs, there's an important MinuteClinic component to many of those.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, Scott. Let me make a few comments, and then I'll ask Mark to comment on some of the initiatives that he has underway that I think addresses that question. But I think as we heard earlier, we're focused on making sure that these customers have just a terrific experience and that they continue and we continue to ensure that there's no interruption in their pharmacy care. As we've talked many times in the past, we'll continue to use ExtraCare as a differentiator in terms of how we can add value for those patients, as well as, quite frankly, how we communicate with those customers. And I'll ask Mark to talk about some of the work that he has underway around clustering and what future store may have in store, if you will.
Larry J. Merlo: Scott, I think the issue around this is that these are not new ideas. We've talked about this -- many people talked about this in years past. I think what's different today is that we have the information and we have the technology to execute it. And that was always the kind of the barrier to entry, if you will. So I think this is going to take some time, but I think that the prize here in terms of doing it well is pretty big.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, I think what we -- I would just say that the team from a purchasing standpoint has just done a fabulous job throughout 2011, and we continue to push improvements to improve our cost of goods sold outlook, and that's just kind of us continuing to work pretty diligently in that space. So it's kind of across the generics but also on the branded side as well.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, Ed, when we provided guidance for the fourth quarter, we expected margin to be down. We talked about continued pressures on pharmacy reimbursement. What we saw that was incremental to that was largely in the front store as it related to, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, a disappointing Christmas selling season. And as you know, those products are in a higher margin, and we also incurred some incremental markdowns. That's a onetime event in nature, and it's behind us, so we don't need to worry about that as we migrate into Q1. The other issue really ties to a weaker flu season, which, in the front end, in the OTC categories, that is heavily penetrated by store brands, which, again, higher margin. So that pressured margin, and again, that is seasonal in nature, so we don't see that occurring going forward as well.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Ed, as we talked, the reimbursement issues are what we've been managing through for several years now. We don't see that abating, and at the same time, we're comfortable in terms of our abilities to manage that going forward.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Ed, again, as we said back at Analyst Day, we have worked very hard on the Retail side to position ourselves as a good partner, a good long-term partner, okay, as well as being a low-cost provider. And we have worked with all the major PBMs with those guiding principles, and we see no reason to change that as we go forward.
Larry J. Merlo: And Ed, going forward, we will continue with that level of focus. But again, as we've discussed previously, because of the impact of generics, that SG&A leverage that we've seen in the past will be muted to some degree as a result of that.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Larry, thanks for asking that question because we are very pleased to have reached an agreement with the FTC that ends a very comprehensive and very extensive review of all of our business practices, along with the innovative and differentiated products and services that we're bringing to market. And we're very pleased that there were no allegations of anti-trust violations, no allegations of anticompetitive behavior related to any of our business practices, products or service offerings. So we are full speed ahead in terms of the focus that we have in terms of bringing differentiation that improves health and lower costs. And so that's my sermon, okay? And the other thing that I would acknowledge is that the $5.5 million settlement that related to legacy RxAmerica practices was prior to the acquisition of Longs Drugs, so we were, again, very pleased with the outcome of that, and we believe it's a validation of our business model.
Larry J. Merlo: No, I think this is about CVS and Caremark, and I think it, quite frankly, it speaks to Per's comments earlier in terms of the fact that you have to be priced competitively in the marketplace. But our products and services are allowing a form of differentiation for CVS Caremark that is allowing us to win disproportionately in the marketplace.
Larry J. Merlo: No, Matt. We don't believe that's the case, and we've monitored that very closely. And there were a few isolated geographic issues that were process-related that were very short in duration, and those were remedied. So we're very focused and very careful that it's not at the expense of service levels to our customers.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Ricky, recognizing that this situation is -- we're 4, 5 weeks into this now, we don't have that level of detail at this point in time. As I mentioned earlier, our focus is getting those customers enrolled in our systems and making that transfer process as seamless as we can. I think it's intuitive that the maintenance customer has the potential to be a stickier customer because they're using the pharmacy on a regular basis versus the individual that has an acute episode that may use the pharmacy once or, perhaps, twice a year. And I think a lot of the things that Mark alluded to will be focused on those maintenance customers.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, Steve, I mean, our retail organization has worked very well and very closely with Express in terms of how we can make this as seamless an experience as possible. And quite frankly, as Per mentioned earlier in terms of giving Express a compliment in terms of how they've handled this, I, too, believe they've done a terrific job with both their clients as well as working with -- and I'm sure it's not just CVS, it's other retailers as well, in terms of working closely to make it as seamless as possible for their members.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, John, what we're seeing over the last 2 months is Lipitor is behaving as we had forecasted. In our Retail business, our substitution rate is in the mid-70s at this point in time. And we expect that, that will continue to increase and probably have an acceleration once the exclusivity period expires in late May, early June.
Larry J. Merlo: Eric, we covered that or we touched on that a little earlier, it's very early in the game. We are -- we believe some of the front store lift that we've seen in January is attributable to that, but we will -- I think over the next several weeks, we'll be able to do a better job of quantifying that as we're able to get these customers enrolled in ExtraCare and so on.
Larry J. Merlo: Okay. Well, listen, we want to thank everyone for your interest and your time this morning, and I'm sure we'll talk to many of you soon.
Per G. H. Lofberg: It's still very early in the season, as you guys know, and there are a number of RFP processes that are underway and a number -- many more that we expect to begin in a couple months. I don't think the Express-Walgreens issue per se is a particularly significant factor. I think there will be a lot of opportunities for us to feature our set of solutions and our integrated capabilities and so forth. I do think that there will be an interest in comparing the cost savings and the benefits from restricted networks going forward, and that is probably, to some extent, prompted by the Express-Walgreens impasse, but that will be just one factor that people will be interested in.
Per G. H. Lofberg: I think you probably have to show savings of at least a couple of percent for it to be a meaningful benefit to a customer and to justify the disruption that is inevitable when you change the network. Obviously, the more restrictive the network is, the deeper the savings are that you can propose. So it is sort of a sliding scale.
Per G. H. Lofberg: And Lisa, just to elaborate a little bit on the restricted networks, I think our expectation is that we will frequently be asked to quote on different network configurations, and that we'll be asked to provide different levels of savings for different sizes of networks, and all of our discussions with the benefit consultants sort of indicate that, that will probably be one of the variables that will be in play this year.
Per G. H. Lofberg: Nothing of that, Lisa. I mean, I have to actually tip my hat here to our competitor, Express. I think they have done an excellent job really making this change very smooth for their customers, and many of their clients that I've spoken to that actually have gone through this have been – they’ve been very clear that this has not really been a big deal for them.
Per G. H. Lofberg: I don't think it's affecting the timing very much, John. The timing of RFP processes is basically very much driven by the contract term and the time it takes to transition accounts. Health plan accounts take longer to transition than employer accounts, and therefore, they tend to start a little earlier. I don't think that the Express-Medco merger per se is affecting the timing. I do think that the uncertainty around that certainly has given fuel to benefit consultants to really sort of recommend that clients go out to bid, and we'll certainly see market activity as a result of that.
Per G. H. Lofberg: I'm not sure I know exactly what you're talking about, but I really don't think there is a significant change in the emphasis. People go out to bid, first and foremost, because they want to get the best possible economics they can get for their drug programs. And that, I think, has not really changed at all. Clearly, though, the integrated programs that we have, have made a difference here this past year, and we kind of expect to see that continue as there is broad adoption of this programs and longer track records in terms of the customer experience with them. So Maintenance Choice and Maintenance Choice 2.0, the Pharmacy Advisor program and so on that Larry referenced in his speech, those are really good features that allow us to kind of really highlight how we can add value to our enterprise.
Per G. H. Lofberg: Well, it's very important, and the primary thing people look at is basically access. So they look at where their employees and dependents, where they live and what geographies have to be covered and the access that they can get to the network configuration that you're proposing. So it definitely is important, and at the end of the day, as you know, you can meet access standards very successfully with much less than 65,000 pharmacies around the country. So there is the trade-off to evaluate in terms of how many pharmacies you have in the network and the kind of economics you can offer up. So that trade-off is very real. But it certainly is a very, very important component of the PBM offering.
Per G. H. Lofberg: No, it's 1 of, let's say, 5 major variables; the mail order program and, in our case, the Maintenance Choice program. It's a very important component that adds additional savings opportunities. The formulary and the rebates that are generated, generic programs that maximize the use of generics, that also offer additional savings. I mean, those are probably the 4 or 5 major items that go into the calculation.
Per G. H. Lofberg: Yes, so to your first question, Tom, I think you have to get to -- to get to like a 2%, 3% saving, you have to make a pretty significant change in the network, maybe bring it down by 20%, 30% or something like that to be able to approach those benefits. It's obviously driven by the value that accrues to people who remain in the network and the increased volume that they can project and the improved pricing that you can derive from that. So that's sort of a ballpark. With respect to the preferred networks, that's primarily been an opportunity recently in the Med D segment. You may have seen that last year, Humana came out with a program where Walmart was a preferred retailer. It was a pretty successful program. They got good traction with that. This year, there were a number of other participants that have similar types of programs, including Aetna together with CVS/pharmacy. So there, you have the ability to meet all of the access standards that CMS require and, at the same time, offer significant copay advantages if members use the preferred retailers.
Per G. H. Lofberg: It's a good question. I haven't seen much activity around that on the commercial front, but there is no real fundamental reason why that couldn't happen there as well.
Per G. H. Lofberg: Yes. I mean, we expect to participate in the Texas conversion because we have a number of existing clients down there that will benefit from the move of lives into managed Medicaid. And I certainly would expect what Texas is doing and what Ohio and New York have done, and so on, that, that will be replicated by many other states in the years to come. And there are pretty significant cost savings associated with those conversions. And as you've kind of alluded to, restricted networks are possible in the managed Medicaid arena. And so we participate in a number of states with a number of customers where we have restricted networks in place.
Per G. H. Lofberg: I don't think we have provided that breakout. We did have very strong growth in Specialty, as was reported earlier, and a significant component of that was Aetna, for sure, but the category itself is growing because of just the increased utilization, and we've had some additional PBM growth that added to it.
Per G. H. Lofberg: I think you know what our long-term guidance has been on that subject, and we've kind of talked about it at Analyst Day. And so certainly, for the foreseeable future, over the next several years, we expect revenues to grow at a higher rate than the operating income.
Mark S. Cosby: Well, clearly, when the whole impasse began, we set up a plan to address what the opportunity could be. And we had several initiatives underway. We had several on the marketing front, both in terms of our circular and our TV. And we did a lot in terms of staffing and in terms of the resources by store and in terms of inventory that we deployed by store to be ready for it. But the biggest push was around service, making sure that every new customer that came into our store had a great experience, and that continues to be our biggest push. As we go forward, it's now about retention, so putting programs in place to make sure that the folks that do come into our store have a great experience and they stay with us.
Mark S. Cosby: That's a twofold answer, really. There's a number of things, short term, that we're doing between improving effectiveness of our promotion, looking at our productivity of our spaces in our store, particularly the high-traffic areas in our store, and then we have a number of things where we're empowering our store teams to take more accountability for sales. Those are some of the short-term things. The longer-term things that Larry alluded to, the biggest thing we probably have in the works is this clustering initiative. We had success this past year and the year before with the urban initiative, and we have a number of different clustering options that we are looking at right now, which we think will have some play in the second half of this year in a test mode and then rollout mode as we go into 2013. The broader one that Larry alluded to is around what we are calling the store of the future. So we do have a project underway, where we are relooking at everything that we do within our store, from the pharmacy to the front of the house, in terms of how do we really capitalize on the opportunity that's in front of us. And we do plan to have some test stores in place in the front part of next year, which I think we'll learn a lot both in terms of -- for new stores as we go forward, but also for remodel opportunities down the road.
Mark S. Cosby: Well, thanks. This is Mark again. As I said upfront, big push that we had from the get-go was to make sure that we’re providing a great experience to each new customer that walked in the door. And we believe that's the #1 thing that we can do to retain them over time. We do have a number of other things that we can do both in the front store and the pharmacy, including ExtraCare, to try and really pushing that program to encourage more loyalty over time. But probably a big a priority as we have right now is how do we make the experience as good as it can be and retain those customers over time.
Mark S. Cosby: Eric, I think, in the short-term here, at least for the first quarter, you think about dominant in pharmacy versus front end.
Mark S. Cosby: Well, I think we had, through 4Q, we did see some accelerated utilization in the quarter, and I think we're very focused on delivering our expectations in 2012. And the guidance that we provided at Analyst Day, we feel very comfortable on where we stand. So I don't know if there's anything that's going to wrap, if you will, into 2012 specifically related on trends in the fourth quarter, but we're very confident where we stand today.
David M. Denton: Well, I think we'll have -- well, I want to play it quarter by quarter, John. But we're very focused on executing at the store level today, making sure that the transfers -- that we give the best service possible, and we'll assess it after we get a few more weeks under our belt.
David M. Denton: Well, John, at the end of the day, we look at all the cash generation capabilities of the company and look to invest that money with the highest return possible for our shareholders. So we won't assess this any other way than that. So we'll keep looking for projects to either invest in our core business that has high return on investment for it, or we'll look to dividends and share repurchases to enhance value as well.
David M. Denton: Yes, this is Dave. We have been very focused from a cost-containment perspective throughout the Retail division, so there's no one initiative that drove that. I would say that again, we've just continued to put in technologies and processes primarily in the pharmacy that have driven productivity gains across the enterprise, and that's really what continues to drive it.
