Larry J. Merlo: Thanks, Eva. And as we near the close of the transaction, we are confident in the long-term value we believe this deal will create for shareholders and the clients and members we serve. Before I turn the call over to your questions, I'd like to ask that you reserve time in your calendars for our CVS Health Analyst Day, which will be held on Tuesday, June 4 in New York City. Again, that's Tuesday, June 4. With several months of integration planning under our belts, our senior management team will be able to provide you with a deeper dive into our short and long-term strategies for growth, updates on our integration work, and the status of our efforts to drive both short and long-term synergies and medical cost savings. In the meantime, as Eva mentioned, we won't be silent. We know how important it is that you thoroughly understand our strategy, our progress, and the benefits we expect to derive from the bold, disruptive, and truly unique model we are creating. Our companies have put in many hours of thoughtful and meaningful work to get to this point and I would like to thank both the CVS and Aetna teams for their contributions. And we certainly look forward to welcoming our new colleagues from Aetna upon closing. We know there is a lot more work ahead of us and we've got the team and the plan to get it done. So, with that, Jon Roberts, our Chief Operating Officer, is joining us today for the Q&A. And let's go ahead and open it up for your questions.
Larry J. Merlo: Sure. Ricky, good morning. It's Larry. Ricky, we will start obviously with the Aetna members where, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, where the integration and innovation teams are working closely around that. But as you've heard us state many times, our goal is to create an open platform model that we can partner broadly. Today, we've got more than 70 health plan clients, and I do believe that there'll be elements of innovation that will apply broadly in the marketplace. But to be clear, we'll be starting first with our Aetna members.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Ralph, it's Larry. Listen, we will talk more about that as we get into next year and talk more about 2019 and beyond. Obviously, the integration teams are doing a terrific job, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks. And listen, we're continuing to push the teams. I don't want to say that we're done yet. And again, we've talked about the areas of opportunity as part of the initial integration work. There's really nothing that has changed beyond that. We've talked about some expense and operating savings as well as some elements of medical cost savings that are – I'll put it under the heading of low-hanging fruit from the two companies coming together. So again, we'll talk more about that as we get into next year in terms of quantifying the cadence of it as well as the dollar value.
Larry J. Merlo: Sure. Mike, it's Larry. Let me just talk about where we're at with the remaining states broadly. You mentioned New York, we're pretty far down the road in our engagement with the Department of Financial Services. We're in active and productive discussions. We look forward to bringing those conversations to a successful close in the very near term. California, I am pleased that after productive discussions and engagement, we have reached agreement on all the material terms with the state. And we're in the process of finalizing the form of agreement and all the appropriate paperwork. We expect that that will be done over the next couple days. As far as the remaining couple of states, what I can add is that New Jersey was the very last state to have a hearing. That took place yesterday. So the other couple of states are in the process of finalizing their orders and all of that's reflected in our earlier comments that we expect to close before Thanksgiving.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Lisa, as you've heard us mention since we announced the transaction, actually it's coming up on a year, that we really view the opportunity of the two companies coming together as a growth story. And obviously, there's – continues to be tremendous opportunity in the Medicare space. And I do believe for the reasons that we've begun to talk about, to be clear we have a lot of work ahead of us. But you look at the billions of dollars that are being spent unnecessarily they could be prevented, avoided in just the management of chronic disease. And the opportunity through this new model to meaningfully help people achieve a better health outcome at a lower cost or reduced cost we believe can create a new model that will allow for membership growth in the marketplace. So, again, we've got a lot of work ahead of us, but that's the trajectory that we're working towards.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Bob, it's Larry. Maybe I'll start, and then I'll ask Eva to jump in as well. But Bob, I think you've probably heard us talk a little bit about that. You look at the CVS community assets today. We've got 10,000 points of distribution in communities all across the country. And we envision a hub-and-spoke concept where as we've talked about the concept stores or some have referred to them as health hubs we don't know what we'll call them yet, okay. But think about those as the hubs, okay? And we would have those in a set number of stores within a given market and the balance of the stores would have a core set of offerings that would serve as a referral source to those hub stores. So from a bricks-and-mortar perspective, I think we have the assets to create that local presence in communities again across the country. And let's not forget about the role that digital plays or the fact that we're going to have almost 40,000 healthcare professionals that not just work within those bricks-and-mortar assets, but – or within a few miles of where people live. So there's the concept of, we can come to them at their doorsteps as well. Maybe I'll flip it over to Eva to talk more about how we're thinking about the CapEx component of that.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, George, it's Larry. I'll start. George, in terms of what we talked about in our prepared remarks around the synergies, those are net synergy numbers reflecting investments that we would need to make, I'll say, ongoing investments that would be tied to achieving those synergy dollars.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, it's Larry. Let me just talk broadly about the proposals that we've seen in terms of [Part] B to [Part] D. And obviously we see a tremendous opportunity to be an important part of that solution for the reasons that I think have been well quantified in terms of there is more competition today in Part B with the various therapies from where the reimbursement model started with Part B many years ago when there were single source products and very little competition. We would sit here today and say the Part B mimicking the role that the private sector plays as part of Part D is the answer. I would sit here and say it's highly unlikely that an international price index, the other proposal, would result in net prices that are lower than what the private sector can negotiate through competition and innovation as part of the processes that exist with Part D. And we're excited by the opportunity to play a bigger role there.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, James, it's Larry. As you mentioned, we've been rolling it out state-by-state. There are some state processes that we're going through to turn them on. And once we get more of a critical mass, we will begin broader marketing of that. As you look at the complementary strategy to the clinics, it has the opportunity to expand our reach as well as expand our scope of practice. And those were the use cases that we've been piloting. We're pleased with how it's going and we see more opportunities there, especially with the role that it can play after-hours, the role that it can play as part of what the announcement that you saw in terms of the role that telemedicine can play with Medicare, and more to come.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, James. It's really – we're not going to break those out at this point. It's really the areas that we broadly talked about. And as I mentioned earlier, the teams are continuing to work hard in those areas. And we'll talk about the opportunities for revenue synergies as we work through our longer-term plans. And we'll get into more details around that next year. So Melanie, we'll take – I think we have time for two more questions.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Steve, there are certainly opportunities in front of us as we think about the companies coming together. And you think about whether it's through integration and absolutely having aligned incentives, the value that can be created, that can't necessarily be achieved through partnerships. At the same time, I want to be clear, we are certainly not opposed to partnerships. And as I mentioned earlier, as we build out these new programs and service offerings, we intend to create an open platform for others to participate in and we'll go from there.
Larry J. Merlo: And Dave, listen, we have – I think you know – we have always had a cost focus in terms of how can we do things better while continuing to enhance levels of service. So it's not just about cost cutting, okay, but it's about doing things faster, better and cheaper. And that's – we believe that that's in our DNA and that work never stops. Before we round out the call we're going to – let's go back to I think Justin had asked the question about the debt, so...
Larry J. Merlo: So with that, everyone, thanks again for your time this morning. And as always, if there are any follow-up questions, Mike's available. And we'll see many of you soon, and have a great Thanksgiving.
Eva C. Boratto: So, hi, Ricky. This is Eva. I look forward to meeting you or working with you in the future. We have not changed our point of view on the value being created by the transaction. As you know, and as Larry stated earlier on the call, we have increased our synergy target to more than $750 million in year two and feel very comfortable with that. So overall, we're comfortable with our previous comments.
Eva C. Boratto: Hi, Mike. This is Eva. Let me try to break apart your question. Overall, from a script performance, we're very – extremely pleased with the progress that we've made achieving nearly 9% script comp growth this year. That growth came from three different key areas: our clinical program, our network arrangements beyond Caremark as a PBM with other payers, and including our strong position in Med D. So we continue to see substantial opportunity here to continue to outpace the market and continue to grow our retail share.
Eva C. Boratto: Yes. Thanks, Lisa, for the question. Obviously, we're going to have much more to say in February, but let me try to outline for you some of the moving pieces. As I think about tailwinds we just spoke about one of them, continued strength in our retail script growth and outpacing the market due to the programs I mentioned previously. As you heard on the call, PBM had a net positive selling season albeit lower than the last few years still net positive and we continue to see specialty as a growth driver. Streamlining continues – our expectations continue to accelerate there to deliver the long term savings Dave outlined a couple of years ago. From a headwind's perspective, I would say it's going to be a lighter year from a break-open generics perspective. You can think about pricing and reimbursement pressures at comparable levels to what we've seen the last few years. And obviously we'll have the wrap of the tax reform investment that started about mid-year this year. The other thing is, there are also some unknowns with the regulatory changes. And some of those what HHS is talking about could be positive or negative. So we're going to continue to evaluate that and have our clarity on our call in February.
Eva C. Boratto: Yeah. Hi, Bob. If you think about our capital allocations, between the two companies our CapEx is about $2.5 billion to $2.8 billion. As Larry said, what we'll be changing in the stores, think about that as a shifting of investment from our normal refreshes to investing in some of these health hub changes for which we will need. So largely, we expect to be able to do this within what you would consider normal CapEx spend.
Eva C. Boratto: Sure. In terms of the quarter-to-quarter impact, Bob, I would say there was really nothing unique in the third quarter. As CIR (44:23) has become an increasing component and that's performance-based, relative Q2 versus Q3, you had some timing differences there year-over-year. As we look at overall margin, things that will pressure our margins are success in Medicare Part D. We've spoken many times that those are at lower margins. Additionally, as we increase our 90-day penetration that carries a slightly lower margin as well.
Eva C. Boratto: So Eric (sic) [Clayton], this is Eva. Obviously you're on the mark in terms of tax reform has occurred since we jumped off of that consensus number. So that's one of the biggest things that have happened. The base is no longer valid, so it's difficult with all of the moving pieces for us at this point to update that. But what I can say is as it pertains to the transaction, there have been no changes.
Eva C. Boratto: Hi, Justin. This is Eva. As it pertains to our guidance, I think your math is – we said for the year down low-single digit, so in the quarter, obviously given our year-to-date performance, you would be down in the mid- to high-single digits, depending on what point you picked. In terms of any context for 2019, it's really too early to provide as I earlier discussed some of the headwinds and tailwinds.
Eva C. Boratto: And as we think about that Anthem contract, you can think about it in terms of a net accounting contract given the terms of that business.
Eva C. Boratto: Yeah. So overall as it pertains to the streamlining, we're extremely pleased with the results we've rolled out numerous programs, we highlighted the one in specialty today. We're also looking to reduce overall call volume that comes into the retail channels through better sharing of data between the PBMs not in the Caremark, but other PBMs, not only to reduce our cost but to make the customer experience better as well. We continue to expect to see these benefits ramp in 2019 to give broader color than that we'll provide more in February.
Eva C. Boratto: Justin, you'd asked the question about the total debt on the balance sheet post closure. It would be around $75 billion when you look at our existing debt plus bringing on Aetna steps.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Yeah. Ralph, this is Jon. So yeah, today the model that is in the marketplace is based on unit discounts off of AWP, and we feel there's an opportunity to create better alignment and reduce the complexity. So when we talk about alignment, today we align around not only unit discounts, but we think there's an opportunity to align around drug mix, which also drives overall cost to our clients. And that's not in the pricing model today. And when we think about complexity, there's 14 pricing levers, approximately, that consultants use to evaluate and compare price points. But again, there's no net cost to the client based on changes to drug mix that are driven by formularies that we have in the marketplace. So we feel like there's an opportunity to greatly simplify the model and create alignment. I would say the clients are very interested and I think the market is ripe for this type of change, and we'll have more to say about this next year.
Jonathan C. Roberts: And Michael, this is Jon. I think as CVS and Aetna comes together and with our programs, we can demonstrate the activities that pharmacies can drive around improving health and lowering overall healthcare costs. We think there's an opportunity to move the market to more performance-based networks where part of the pharmacies' reimbursement will be based on their ability to execute against clinical programs that do lower costs for our clients. So I think there's lots of opportunity here.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Yeah, David, this is Jon. So, we saw less movement of business from one PBM to another this year, I think that has a lot to do with the mergers that are happening in healthcare. And yeah, our retention as Eva talked about was 98%, so very happy and a little higher than we've historically had. As far as 2020, it's too early for us to really comment on the RFP activity, it's just starting to gear up. And then, as we mentioned, we do have the Anthem contract that's coming onboard for 1/1/2020, which is a very large health plan obviously.
Jonathan C. Roberts: This is Jon. The pricing environment, it's a very competitive industry as we all know, and it typically gets a little more competitive as you go through the season. I would say it's consistent with what we've seen over the last several years, so not really a step change. We do, from time-to-time, see some PBMs get very aggressive on certain accounts based on their own strategies, and I think this year is no different than what we've seen in years past.
David Larsen: Hi. Can you talk a bit about the PBM selling season? It looks like there was a pretty good increase there, the retention rate looks pretty high, Express Scripts reported a very high retention rate and pretty good core claims growth expectations for 2019. Just how is that shaping up? And what does that leave you to think preliminarily about 2019 growth expectations and operating income? Thanks.
David Larsen: Okay. Has there been any sort of shift in the sort of profitability or nature of the PBM contracts that are going to roll on in 2019 and 2020, like any general thoughts there? Has it been a highly competitive selling season? Has pricing been aggressive? Or any comments there would be helpful.
David Larsen: Okay. And then just one more quick one for Eva. Can you talk a little bit about your streamlining effort there? And operating income sort of growth expectations in retail, retail's obviously been under a lot of pressure. Just any thoughts around cost reduction efforts and initiatives and when can that streamlining gross benefit turn into a net benefit? Any thoughts around that at a high level would be great Eva? Thanks.
