Karen Lynch: Hey AJ. A couple of things on consumer, and I’ll ask Michelle to talk a little bit. But as we saw June kind of emerge and predicting for this economic volatility and a potential recession, we saw a little bit of pull-back in consumer behavior in June, so we are reflecting that in our forward-looking approach. I can have Michelle talk a little bit about what we saw and then I’ll turn it back to Shawn to talk about the numbers.
Karen Lynch: Hi Lisa, it’s Karen, and I’ll start and hand it over to David Joyner and the rest of the team here. As you mentioned, we have seen, consistent with the industry, higher levels of utilization in GLP1 drugs across each of our businesses. In HCB, what we saw was that--you know, we have seen increased utilization but we feel like we have priced appropriately for it, and so we feel like the risk is manageable in that business. As you look at the pharmacy services business, we believe this is going to be a competitive category for us over time, and quite frankly is the reason why, as you know, PBMs exist. We have the opportunity to create competitiveness, provide lowest net cost, give additional programs like the programs I mentioned in my prepared remarks. Also, what we’re seeing in the PCW business is it is generating very strong revenue there, but as you know with branded drugs, there is not a lot of margin with those kinds of drugs, so kind of overall, each of the businesses kind of have GLP1 in them and they are impacting them in a variety of different ways. But I would just re-emphasize the importance of the PBM and how we will continue to drive lowest net cost, and this is a perfect category to do that in. Let me turn it over to David to talk about what he’s seeing on growth in the pharmacy services business and the selling season. 
Karen Lynch: Yes Michael, let me start on STARs and Shawn can fill in the details on the numbers. As you know, we had made significant efforts and had made significant investments in making progress in our STARs performance. We’ve been very focused on our remediation efforts, our contract diversification strategy is well underway, and all of our internal indicators are positive and show progress. But having said that, having this by such a narrow margin last year, I think we all recognize that it all comes down to the CMS coupling, so we’ll know better in October but our internal measures are positive from how we measure it.
Karen Lynch: Kevin, I just want to make a couple comments on Oak Street. We’ve made significant progress already, having closed not that long ago, on driving patient growth and really leveraging the overall assets of the entire enterprise. We’re using Signify to use the--recommend if people don’t have a primary care to Oak Street, we’re helping Aetna Medicare members that don’t have a primary care and recommending them to Oak Street. We’re using connections in our pharmacy as well, so I’m really encouraged by the opportunity and the growth, and really excited about what we’ve seen. We have more conviction now that the meaningful value that we thought we could unlock will surface over the course of the next couple years.
Karen Lynch: Nathan, just to comment, I want to be very clear that we took a very thoughtful and careful approach to this restructuring. We were very deliberate in making sure that we had non-customer facing roles and that we weren’t taking any action that would risk the execution of our long term strategy. 
Karen Lynch: Bruno, she might have dropped. Let me just wrap it up here by thanking our colleagues for their commitment and dedication that they show every single day, supporting our customers, our clients and our patients. As we demonstrated today, we continue to execute on our bold goals and deliver outstanding performance despite the challenging environment that we’re in, and I really believe and I know the team believes that this is a testament to our consistently strong execution and our resilient business model and gives us the confidence that we can continue our momentum throughout 2023 and 2024. Thanks for joining the call today.
Shawn Guertin: There’s a lot there, AJ, in your question, so let me try to cover the ground as thoroughly as I can, and I will have both Dan and Mike actually talk about respectively what we saw in Aetna and HCB. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, RMBR was up 350 basis points year-over-year. It’s really important to look at and recall that last quarter, we said that we expected Q2 MBR to be up year-over-year. One of the main drivers in that is we printed 82.7 last year in the second quarter, so there’s a lot to do here with the starting point. Having said that and allowing for that, Q2 did end up coming in higher than we expected, and the real driver here is Medicare Advantage. It’s also important to keep in mind that Medicare is more than 50% of our premium revenue now. As I stated, I want to be clear that commercial, Medicaid and exchange all performed consistent or even slightly better than our expectations in the quarter, but as we closed the month of May, in mid-June it became apparent that the Medicare costs were higher than we had anticipated in Q1, and that pressure was continuing into the second quarter. The real driver remains the outpatient categories that we and others have been discussing. Let me have Dan talk a little bit about what we saw in Aetna and I’ll have Mike follow that up with what we saw in Oak Street, and then I’ll come back and talk a little bit about how we’ve prepared our guidance for ’23 and ’24 in light of this.
Shawn Guertin: Great, so turning back to ’23 first, as I mentioned, Medicare did come in probably about 220 basis points worse than expected for the quarter. Given the way costs have emerged, it’s more instructive to look, I think, at the first half of the year, which is off 100, 110 basis points versus our guidance expectation.  As Dan mentioned, there are aspects that some of this could be from a pent-up demand bubble involving discretionary and deferrable services, which if true, would potentially its course and lessen over time, and some preliminary July data does show some of that improvement. However, at this stage in the absence of any compelling evidence to the contrary, we think it’s appropriate to be cautious in our outlook and have assumed that the 100 basis points of pressure observed in the first half of ’23 persists through the second half of the year. The result of this is what I mentioned in my prepared remarks, that the HCB MBR would be up about 50 basis points at the high end of our guidance range. In terms of 2024, 2024 will come down to two things: where does the 2023 year settle out, which serves as the baseline to go into 2024, and then what level of trend do we experience off that baseline. Our 2024 MA bid did contemplate a degree of higher utilization, but if trends persist at the levels we’ve experienced in the first half as contemplated in our current guidance, we will have already consumed that higher utilization assumption. If a higher level of medical cost trend then persists again in ’24 or, said differently, if we don’t see an abatement in medical cost trend, we would then be pressured on our bid assumptions. In the absence of a clear indicator that utilization is abating and out of an abundance of caution, our revised 2024 guidance assumes that we have an incremental headwind in 2024 over our revised 2023 guidance baseline. To the extent utilization does abate and costs develop more favorably in 2023 than we project, that could serve as upside to our outlook for both 2023 and 2024.
Shawn Guertin: Michael, on exchanges, we’re another quarter in and things are still looking positive, and as I mentioned, we continue to be cautious in our outlook in terms of what we’re planning on that from this year. But both the revenue and the utilization side have been in line with our expectations, and so I think that that really is something to think about as an opportunity for the future.  We have a million member book now, probably something like $5 billion in revenue potentially this year, and it’s not making a meaningful contribution. One of the benefits of getting to scale so quickly is, I think, we can now turn towards at least getting some contribution of profitability from that business, and that would be our plan for 2024 and beyond, that that would begin to be a profit contributor for us, so I do think it’s one of the growth levers that we have.
Shawn Guertin: Yes, there’s a few pieces going on in the quarter that are worth calling out. I did mention one - obviously, we had Medicaid pass-throughs, that sort of has pushed on the MBR a bit in the quarter. We actually did have unfavorable PYD this quarter, so we recognized that in the quarter - that’s sort of pushing the number. But the biggest--you know, the biggest thing that’s driving our guidance increase for the year is the change in outlook on our Medicare MBR, and that, like I said, for the quarter is probably off a little more than 200 basis points and I think it’s more instructive, as I mentioned, to look at that for the first half, and that’s largely what we’ve assumed. If you look at HCB going down about $400 million of adjusted operating income, obviously there’s other moving parts under the surface, but most of that’s the 50 basis points on the overall HCB MBR. Again, the other lines of business are largely in line, if not even a little better, than our expectations on HCB. Offsetting that, obviously, was our increase in the health services segment driven by pharmacy services - that is about $500 million better, and again that is driven by sound fundamental performance that Karen and David discussed. You’ll recall that we did talk about the underlying pharmacy services performance in Q1 was strong, and we’ve now carried that strong first half performance for the full year. As was mentioned earlier in response to the question, we have decreased our outlook on PCW by about $100 million, considering the impacts we observed towards the end of the second quarter - you know, softening consumer demand in particular we talked about, so those are the moving pieces. Inside overall AOI is pretty much flat to where we were, but those are the moving pieces under the covers.
Shawn Guertin: Yes, so I do want to talk about that. You’re correct in your assessment. Obviously this is a very important and strategic investment in our future that we’re making, and we continue to believe that there’s high demand for more access to the differentiated Oak Street care model. Our analysis has consistently shown that accelerated clinic growth is the right thing to do in terms of optimizing the long term returns on this investment and expanding access for at-risk populations, and as Karen mentioned, we’re going to do so in 2024, targeting 50 to 60 clinics, and Oak Street will and already is working closely with their payor partners in identifying the key geographies. As you mentioned, our updated outlook for 2024 includes the full impact of this accelerated expansion without the benefit of any structured transaction. We are still evaluating the details and the merits of such a transaction and we’ll update you if anything definitive and material develops on that front.
Shawn Guertin: Yes, sure. On the restructuring charge, there’s the timing of all of this that will have minimal impact the actions we take on 2023, to the extent there is any impact. We’ve thought that through in our reaffirmation of guidance. But really, this was a major step forward in delivering the $700 million to $800 million of G&A savings that we talked about in May, and the job OMs alone, as we mentioned, contributed probably close to $600 million of that benefit, but there’s other things we’ve done in terms of shutting down projects. Obviously there’s been open positions we’re not going to hire for as well, and so we have a high degree of visibility into getting the effect that we committed to for 2024. On 2024 guidance, you’re correct - there are really, I would say, three kind of performance items, some of which have a lot to do with the external environment, and then obviously the one decision. The positive item, obviously, is we do expect some of the outperformance in pharmacy services that we’re experiencing in 2023 will pull through favorably into our 2024 performance. I would note that not all this favorability will pull through as it will naturally work its way into client pricing as contracts reset in 2024, so you can see the magnitude of our increase for this year, it’s obviously not that much because we’re not going to pull all that through, but it’s a meaningful positive item for next year. Similarly, I think on the headwind side, the largest provision we’ve made in our guidance has to do with the Medicare Advantage performance. We’ve sort of sized the impact of that for this year and have made provision for potential headwind on that, so I think you can kind of get in the neighborhood there, that would be the biggest other one. Then the other one is in PCW, we’ve made some provision for the softening consumer demand to persist into next year, as well as potentially more decline in COVID for next year - we have factored that into our guidance, and as I was mentioning on the previous question, we’ve built in the full effect of the Oak Street acceleration as well. Obviously that’s a choice we’re making in an investment in the future.
Shawn Guertin: Yes, and just one housekeeping thing in that, again as always, we’re removed the PYD that’s close to a nickel, probably, where we are on a year-to-date basis, and so we’ve taken that out as well for 2024.
Shawn Guertin: Yes, I can talk a little bit about the segment, and then I can have Mike talk a little bit and Dan talk a little bit about the changes for 2024. It’s an important question because as part of our strategy that we’ve talked about, the growth in the earnings from these two assets is an important part of increasing our long term earnings growth rate, and we do expect to have a meaningful contribution of earnings improvement from these two assets from their base in 2023 into 2024, and everything we’ve seen in our first quarter of ownership, I think has been consistent with that, and I think we’re even more--have stronger conviction about the value that we can bring, so they will be a positive contributor in our estimation of earnings growth in 2024. I’ll turn it to Mike and Dan to talk a little bit about the risk model and the changes for 2024.
Shawn Guertin: I would just quickly re-emphasize one thing Mike said in his. The ability to have a common care model on a common technology platform and the ability to operationalize this should not be underestimated, and in our view, that was a differentiating characteristic about their model. But that is a very important point in my opinion that Mike made there.
Dan Finke: Yes, thanks Shawn. I think it’s important to note that our commercial and Medicaid lines of business were largely in line with expectations, and as reported more broadly in the industry, we did experience higher than anticipated outpatient utilization in Medicare. This is likely due to some of these services that have been postponed by our seniors not feeling comfortable accessing the healthcare system during the pandemic. You can think about this as outpatient orthopedic procedures, hips and knees, some cardiac procedures, a little bit of increase in dental, and we’re still seeing some continued levels of elevated mental health use. Again, specific to Medicare and outpatient services, our inpatient volumes remain lower than our normalized levels, and that’s the same across all lines of business, so it’s something we’re closely watching.
Dan Finke: Yes, on the HCB side, I would think about it in this way. First of all, the model’s being phased in over time. We were pleased with that decision. Our modeling overall was very similar in the aggregate to the modeling of CMS, and frankly with our size of book, it allows us to really manage the impact over time, so minimal impact to HCB.
Dan Finke: Yes, and just from a Signify standpoint, it’s absolutely been a tailwind for us. Our clients and partners team up with us because we help manage this industry change for them. We stay ahead of the risk model changes, we help build new things into the Signify in-home business. We’ve seen a surge in demand for additional diagnostic and preventative testing work. It’s an opportunity for us to expand into more follow-on care, so we’re actually very excited about it. It’s also been a nice touch point for us as we’ve integrated into the retail and pharmacy businesses at CVS. Managing medication inside the home is a huge unlock for us, and so we’ve been bringing in a deeper consumer engagement model with our partners inside the retail space and in pharmacy, and we’ve seen really great results with the kickoff there with that Aetna membership. 
