Karen Lynch: Yes, Lisa, it's Karen. So let me start. You're right. We laid out a strategy, and we said that we wanted to expand into healthcare services. We said that we wanted to have primary care. We thought we would need an acquisition to do that. We also said we want to extend into the home and have provider enablement through the Signify acquisition. That represents strong execution this year of our strategy. We will continue to evaluate our options on primary care. And as I said, we believe that we need to do M&A and we continue to evaluate those options in the marketplace.
Karen Lynch: Michael, it's Karen. Yes. So first of all, obviously, we just hired Dr. Desai to help us really clarify our longer-term clinical care delivery strategy. We have been making investments across all of our businesses to support healthcare delivery. We've made investments in in the clinic to extend our services. We've been making investments in the front store to extend our health and wellness and we're really driving at our integrated products to drive growth of the top line. And we're having very strong progress around that. So we continue to invest in products and service capabilities to make sure that we are competitive in the marketplace. So all across the company, we've been making this investments to advance our strategy. And what I would say is that we are continuing to perform on our strategy. I think a good evidence of that is our Signify acquisition. I think that gives you a good sense that we're executing strongly. We said we wanted to be in the home. We'll make investments around that. And as I said, we expect to close in the first half of 2023.
Karen Lynch: A.J., I'll start and then Dan and Shawn will clean up. Relative, I just want to go back to your question on Omnicare. I think it's important for you also recognize that we continue to evaluate our portfolio strategically and are making decisions around assets that don't fit into our portfolio strategically, Omnicare is a good example of that. bswift is a good example of that. And as Shawn said earlier this year, we made divestitures as part of our international business and Payflex as well. Regarding stars, and I'll let Shawn talk about the financials in a second. Just a comment on stars, I would just say kind of across the industry, everyone was challenged with stars, and we were extremely disappointed in our 3.5 star rating plan. But as you know, we have been a very strong leader in stars performance for a decade. And we continue to invest. We will continue to invest in our star performance. We have a number of actions relative to the CAP survey and member scores, which is really part of the driver. We do have a diversification effort. I'll ask Dan to talk about what we're specifically doing there. But I am confident that we have the activities, the investment and approach to mitigate stars for 2024. And with that, let me turn it to Shawn to talk about the divestitures and then Dan will pick up on stars.
Karen Lynch: Yes, Eric, let me just give kind of a broad view of opioids. I'll give you our perspective on that. I just want to reiterate that in late October, we did begin our mediation discussions. And as we disclosed today, we have an agreement in principle to substantially close on all of the opioid lawsuits and the claims against the company. As you mentioned, all conditions have to be satisfied, and that means the face to buy in. We have experience in Florida, where we have demonstrated our ability to have those conversations. So we'll be monitoring it across the board. But as Sean and I both said, this clearly provides us more certainty and it gives us -- puts a decade-long issue behind us so that we can clearly focus on our strategy of improving health quality and access to care for our customers. I would also tell you that we recognize that the seriousness of the opioid abuse in this conduct has had on so many Americans. And I just would say that we have made significant investments over the years to combat the opioid crisis and continue to do so through our leadership and our behavioral health company. So we are working -- we'll work very closely with the states, Eric, and we're -- we'll keep you updated along the way.
Karen Lynch: At this point, there's not necessarily a minimum we need to kind of work through and have the states. But recognize that all the AGs were at the table having these discussions over this mediation period. So we have a high degree of confidence.
Karen Lynch: Well, Erin, on the home services, as you know, we believe that our Signify Health will close some of the gaps that we have in home, and it will give us a platform to accelerate return to care and provider enablement. So we're -- we've made the decision, obviously, to do an acquisition in the home health space. Obviously, the Aetna business continues to have a variety of different contracts, and we'll continue to look at their network to make sure that they have adequate coverage across the country. And I'll ask Dan if there's anything else he wants to ask.
Karen Lynch: Thank you for joining the call today. We appreciate your participation, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. And Lisa, I would just echo. I mean, obviously, I think with the 10 months since our Investor Day we've been at this, I think we've demonstrated and I've talked to you a lot about the discipline we have around value and capability assessment. And that will be something that we continue to embrace and will remain critical for the future. So that, I think, has not changed, but it's certainly something we've embraced. As it pertains to M&A and some of my closing comments, what I would say is keep in mind that the ultimate answer here is a byproduct of the specific attributes of any asset and where we are at a given time in terms of our cash and balance sheet capacity. At our current valuation, an M&A deal is likely less accretive than share repurchase. Having said that, for the right strategic deal, we could opt to use the balance sheet capacity we still have even after these enhanced levels of share repurchase.
Shawn Guertin: I think in the broad strokes of the year, it's going to be a similar year. Obviously, I think we think CapEx will be in a comparable position and obviously, regulatory capital is a byproduct of the growth in the business, and we'll look at that as well. But our sort of baseline assumption that is behind my commentary today is a similar level of cash flow that we're talking about for this year in the same neighborhood. Again, we'll provide more detailed guidance on the Q4 call, but the '23 capacity, I think, is very sound and intact.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. What I'm saying is it's hard for me to be completely definitive when we're talking about a hypothetical asset, right? And so -- what I will say to you is we have done modeling where we can achieve both objectives. And obviously, we think it's the job of management to always try to achieve your near-term and your long-term objectives. Again, the ultimate answer around that will be dictated by the specific asset and the timing of when we have to fund for that asset. So in the absence of sort of having sort of an actual deal in hand where I could be more definitive. But let me be clear, our goal is to try to achieve both. We think there is a pathway to achieve both but ultimately, the specifics of having a deal in hand. I'll also clarify, if we don't have the deal, I think I was pretty clear in my remarks, then we will continue to proceed with repurchase and as we march towards achieving those objectives. So that, I think, again, in the absence of having sort of something specific to talk about, I think that's the framework I'd like you to understand.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. Let me talk about the '24 headwinds a little bit more specifically. We project the combined impact of [stars] (ph) and Centene on 2024 to be approximately $2 billion on an unmitigated basis. My comments today regarding repurchases and achieving our Investor Day commitments, assume that we're successful in mitigating approximately half of this headwind. And that work is in process and underway, but obviously not 100% certain at this stage. That would leave a headwind of about $1 billion or $0.55 a share for 2024. The amount of repurchases required to combat that headwind could be up to $10 billion. But obviously, the actual amount can vary based on assumed share price and the cost of any debt financing. And going to Lisa's question about capacity, this is an amount that we have the cash and balance sheet capacity to handle and stay within our leverage metrics for 2023.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. We've contemplated whatever SG&A investments that we need to make in that outlook for next year, and then we will make some obviously, and that has been contemplated. I'm glad you asked about COVID and retail because you just want to make sure that everyone's grounded in that. As we mentioned, we're still around $3 billion of revenue. We've talked about the margin profile in that business before. In that $0.50, there's an item or two that actually kind of goes the other way like the hurricane, for example. But you're talking about probably removing $900 million of operating income on COVID-related categories in retail, which if you went back through each quarter's guidance increase, that's about what we've raised the guidance sort of over the course of the year. So we're resetting back to a number there for comparison purposes to something that's closer to sort of how we kind of entered the year. Again, I think this year is a good demonstration that there's an endemic tail to this business going forward. And so we are expecting some contribution likely not as high as we thought coming into this year. But again, that's also baked into our outlook of getting to $6 billion on that business.
Shawn Guertin: Okay. Just on the -- so on the divestitures and obviously, this is -- the timing of all this is still to be determined. But I think if successful on Omnicare, there's probably another $0.02 or $0.03 potentially that I would add to that $0.04 that I described in the bridge for divested asset.  Again, not something that I think that would change our outlook on our range. But when you're thinking about the baseline, it would be a small sort of a small additional item. But again, 1 we think is navigable for 2023. And obviously, we think this is the right long-term thing strategically to do for the business. Signify, we will -- when we get to the closing, we'll talk more specifically about the accretion. But you're right, we do not have anything in there right now. But when we get more definitive idea on closing date, we can talk about the accretion on that.
Shawn Guertin: No, we would actually use some of our balance sheet capacity. We're well below sort of our leverage metrics now, and we'll continue to do that. So we have been building both cash and balance sheet capacity. And to accomplish both of those objectives, we would need to take on more debt. But again, we remain committed to our investment-grade rating structure. And I can, just as a rough rule of thumb, about 10 basis points on our debt-to-EBITDA is worth $2 billion of debt or thereabout. So they sound like small numbers, but they're actually significant in terms of capacity. So yes, we would do that, but we would remain committed to sort of our investment-grade ratings today.
