Larry Merlo: Okay. Thanks, Dave. And before opening it up for questions, I wanted a couple of minutes just to talk about the timing of our 2012 guidance and our Analyst Day. Now given the timing of our internal budget and planning cycle, we typically have our financial plan in place late in the year for the upcoming year. And as a result, and as you know, we provide guidance for the upcoming year on our fourth quarter earnings call in early February. Now I have certainly come to appreciate that visibility to our initial guidance for the upcoming year is an important factor in your investment decisions. So going forward, our plan is to provide the upcoming year guidance to you in December, once our plan is in place and earlier than we have historically. Now I've also given a great deal of thought to the timing of our Analyst Day, and I believe that it makes sense to reschedule our Analyst Day so that we can have a more complete discussion about our outlook for next year in addition to our usual deep dive on our strategies for long-term growth. And I think that one without the other is going to result in a meeting that won't be as good as we can make it. So instead of October 7, we will host our Analyst Day on the morning of December 20 at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in New York City, where we will provide our 2012 guidance at that time. And while I know this may cause some inconvenience regarding your schedules, I hope you agree that this will allow us to have a more productive and successful meeting. So once again, our new date for the Analyst Day is Tuesday, December 20 in the morning, and we will send to you all the meeting details shortly. So with that, let me open it up for your questions.
Larry Merlo: And Larry, I think, just adding one component to that. We're focused and excited by the opportunities that we have to bring products and services to market that can make those lives more productive and profitable over the relationship that we build with that prospective client, and that's what our focus is.
Larry Merlo: Yes, John. I think we all believe that our model resonates very, very well in the future landscape. For all the reasons that we've touched on many times that you think about the evolution of the health care system to more consumer-directed care, we have more touch points with patients than anyone else. And our data is showing that we can better impact adherence and close gaps in care than anyone else. And so we're excited with the prospects that we have. And by the way, I think that when you look at the success that we've had this year with our selling season that is certainly resonating with payers.
Larry Merlo: Yes, John. Let me talk about the spread, first of all, because I think at the end of the day, our results speak for themselves that we have margin expansion, SG&A leverage and operating profit expansion and growth. So we certainly delivered the bottom line on the Retail side of the business. And I acknowledged on our last earnings call that we are making a conscious decision to focus on profitable sales growth in the front end of our business versus chasing sales that would not have a margin flow-through. And the second quarter, we did just that. We are using ExtraCare, as we've often talked, as our principal vehicle for executing that strategy. I think if you look in the quarter, you saw a couple of things. ExtraCare examples like the gas car promotions, which we view as being successful, millions of $10 gas cards have been earned. We have a program called Money Trashers, which has resulted in the redemption of ExtraBucks increasing from 49% to 55%. And I would point out that these are programs that provide instant gratification to the consumer. You don't have to count points or track shopping trips to get a reward. At the same time, we're reducing our dependency on our circular. And actually, in the second quarter, our year-over-year page count actually decreased 13%. So we look at it as getting more share of wallet from our loyal customers, and those sales are profitable sales. Now we may be losing some cherry pickers along the way, but those are largely, as we know, unprofitable sales. So, John, I think back to your question about how do we think about it going forward, we're constantly evaluating the success of our programs, along with market conditions. We'll make some tweaks where it make sense and where we see opportunities. But we intend on staying disciplined to our philosophy of driving profitable sales. And John, in terms of your inventory question, that is not having an impact on our in-stock levels or creating sales issues. As a matter of fact, when we look at our in-stock level versus the first quarter versus last year, it's essentially on par. And when you look at the out of stocks that we do have, between 70% and 80% of them are attributable to supplier issues, and those have been well documented out in the marketplace. And at the same time, we, through our customer service metrics, we track the consumer's level of satisfaction with being able to find everything that they're looking for. And we have seen a dramatic reduction in out-of-stock complaints year-over-year. So the inventory initiative is not having an impact on our sales performance.
Larry Merlo: Well, John, I think we've always talked about ourselves as being recession resistant, not recession proof. And we believe the consumer continues to be wary and looking for value. And we've seen evidence that where she has traded down from a premium product to a less expensive product. And in some cases, the store brands, which has benefited the business.
Larry Merlo: And Lisa, I've had a chance to spend time with many clients and we've talked about this very issue. And I think what is resonating for many, acknowledging  this program, started in 2009, is we now have the benefit of being added for a couple of years. And we can show, in a quantifiable fashion, the results of the program. And it's saving money for payers and consumers, and it's helping those patients stay more compliant with their meds. So it's a win across the board.
Larry Merlo: Yes. Ed, I think the answer to that lies in the fact that we see an opportunity to do that, again, using ExtraCare. And the fact that we believe that we can get a bigger share of wallet out of our most loyal customers, which is going to have a more profitable sales segment to it. I will tell you our traffic from the second quarter was flat. It wasn't down. And while we have seen -- while we've gotten notification of cost increases coming down the road, we have not seen them be in effect in the second quarter. So they are more second half related in terms of seeing the notification. So inflation did not play a big part in our front-end numbers in the second quarter. That said, we are getting a bigger share of wallet from our best customers. So as I mentioned earlier, when John had asked the question, there is no question that there's a fine line here, and that we're constantly evaluating how the programs are doing and making tweaks where it makes sense, and we'll continue to do that.
Larry Merlo: Ed, I think, you're reading too deeply into that. If I acknowledged in the ending comments, we're certainly not going to talk about 2012 at this point, but we will certainly be in a position in December to give a complete review of our outlook for 2012 at that point.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Tom, it has more to do with the mix than it does with the cost side. There are some cost benefits that we're seeing as a result of the inventory reduction initiative. But it really has more to do with the former, not the latter.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Tom, I would say that you always see variations across the country. And we have pockets of strength, pockets that aren't as strong, and I think that, that largely follows the unemployment situation. So you can look at those markets that have been well documented with double-digit unemployment numbers, and our sales performance there is a little weaker than many of the other markets.
Larry Merlo: Tom, I think the point that Per just made is the key point that clients are looking at their traditional spend and they see that there are a lot of things that are being done to manage the cost escalations. And they don't see some of those same things on the specialty, and this brings a solution to the specialty side of the prescription market.
Larry Merlo: Yes, I think -- maybe, I can just touch on at least conceptually because we don't kind of break those out in details. But clearly, overlapping the FEP contract at the end of August is an important factor. As you know, we had a fairly significant downdraft from a margin compression perspective associated with that renewal last year. So that's an important factor. Secondly, if you look at now our Medicare Part D business as we entered 2011, first and foremost, we grew a substantial number of lives in that business. And so that business itself is always more profitable in the back half than the front half, and so that is contributing to the ramp up in earnings in Q3 and Q4. And then you turnaround and layer on top of that Universal American, which again is very focused in -- is solely focused in Medicare Part D where the profits are solely in the back half versus the first half of the year. So all those 3 factors are contributing nicely to the enhancements in the PBM profitability in the back half of this year. [Technical Difficulty]
Larry Merlo: At the end of the day, if we look at '11, the costs outweigh the benefits. In '12, we break that trend and the benefits outweigh the costs as we think about 2012.
Larry Merlo: John, we'll be happy to give you some color on that as we approach the Analyst Day, and we give our full guidance for 2012.
Larry Merlo: And John, we had talked I guess a few months back before the announcement on the FEP contract, and we talked about the fact for the reasons that you mentioned, that retaining the retail business we would see a step down in profitability certainly not to the degree that we experienced the end of last year and through August of this year with the one-year renewal. And obviously, the mail and specialty programs, while they're based on a cost plus arrangement, they're incremental to our P&L.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Mark. I mean, that's a tough question to answer, okay. And I don't think we can put a number on that other than to say as we've talked that when you look at the generic wave and the benefits at Retail, we really maximize our opportunities when there are 3 or more suppliers out in the marketplace. And some of that reflects the decrease in the acquisition costs of the product. So that's how we look at it.
Larry Merlo: Well, John, it's hard for us and probably a little bit unfair to comment on something that is going on between 2 competitors that don't involve us. And obviously, if we get to a point where Walgreen stops filling those prescriptions then there's going to be a retail opportunity. And you can look at the numbers of scripts and use our market share to quantify what that opportunity potentially could be. And in terms of -- we have ongoing discussions with all the PBMs about a variety of issues. They're always focused in terms of how we can provide the best level of service to their patients, and I don't see that changing as a result of this.
Larry Merlo: I don't see the environment, Mark, changing from what exist today. And there are ways puts and takes out in the marketplace. And as we've talked, we're always having discussions with PBMs in terms of how we can provide the best level of service for their members.
Larry Merlo: Yes. Eric, a lot of it has to do with the increased penetration in generics, the pressure that that's putting on the top line Pharmacy growth that we provided the numbers earlier in the prepared remarks. So that's the biggest driver of it.
Larry Merlo: And Eric, I mean, when we talked about the impact on our comps as a result of generics, we're really focusing on the new generics that have been out in the marketplace for the last 12 months. And we are seeing, as Dave pointed out, uptake in some of the older generics migrating or the brands associated with those generics migrating to generics. And some of that reflects some programs that we have internally to drive that. And quite frankly, some of it reflects plan designs out in the marketplace promoting more generics.
Larry Merlo: Yes, it's a little lower than we had expected. If you said 90 days ago. That being said, it's certainly within our range, acknowledging the comments that I made earlier in terms of our philosophy in terms of driving front store growth.
Larry Merlo: We're going to see benefits, David, across both segments of the business. And again, for the reasons that we've talked about many times, there are some variables in play in terms of the timing of those benefits, but we'll see the benefits both in the PBM, as well as Retail.
Larry Merlo: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. And I appreciate your time, and if you have any questions, you can follow up with Nancy.
Per Lofberg: Well, just to the last part of your point there, Larry, I think it's way too early to really make any projections about what the impact of the MLR reporting is. It's really just now beginning to go into sort of into practice. So we're working with our health accounts to really provide the necessary reporting. And in the first quarter of 2012, they will be required to provide that the MLR reporting, of which Pharmacy will be a small component. So time will tell what that really would mean. So it's really kind of premature to talk about that now. I do think that the macro trends that you alluded to in the early part of your question in terms of top line growth and earnings growth still is very much in play. I mean, we see continued opportunities to grow our revenues at a higher rate than we grow our profits, and we don't really see any kind of -- any change to that outlook.
Per Lofberg: I believe we can really do both successfully, Larry. We support today probably somewhere around 50 health plans around the country for their Medicare Advantage and PDP businesses, and we have, as you alluded to, pretty substantial PDP business ourselves with about 3-plus million retirees. So in many ways, both of those businesses rely on an infrastructure that is very dedicated to the Medicare marketplace, and we have the scale to really build systems that are able to handle both of those market segments. And I think both of them are going to be significant growth drivers for us going forward.
Per Lofberg: Just to kind of add one thing going back to Medicare that we spoke about a minute ago, if you look at the Medicare business and the Medicaid business quite candidly, which are both important growth segments if you look out over the next several years, those 2 market segments really require a more open model than has been the kind of the case in the traditional PBM business, where there is a lot of opportunities to create restrictive plans, putting a lot of emphasis on mail order as the principal dispensing mechanism. So I think we're very well positioned to deal with a much more sort of open and consumer-directed health care environment going forward.
Per Lofberg: Well, I'm not sure I can give you specific numbers. But basically, we're probably at the tail end of the season as far as really large customers are concerned. There are still some out there that we expect will kind of make decisions within the next month or so. Then the kind of the second half of the year, we tend to shift into the renewals and the bidding on smaller accounts. And we also have, of course, in the last quarter, the open enrollment period for Medicare. So those are going to be the growth drivers for the second half of the year.
Per Lofberg: Yes. I can certainly start from my perspective and then Larry can add to it. I do think that there is no question that this year, we did get some significant competitive differentiation as a result of Maintenance Choice. So either in terms of renewing customers that or even in some cases, some of the wins that we achieved were in part related to Maintenance Choice. You never know exactly the sort of the detailed equation why somebody makes a decision to go one way or another. But clearly, Maintenance Choice was a prominent aspect of the decision-making process in terms of the successes year.
Per Lofberg: With respect to the selling season, keep in mind that the dispute if it isn't resolved won't really play out until 2012. And I can't say that it's been a major factor in the discussions with both existing customers or the new prospects. It hasn't had a major effect.
Per Lofberg: Well, I think with respect to the second part of your question about -- we certainly believe that there is significant room to expand the use of 90-day supply either through our mail-order pharmacies or the CVS retail pharmacies over the coming years, and that's a win-win for us and for our customers. So that will continue to be a focus for us in working with our customers to both create margin opportunity for us, as well as cost savings for them. And that's very much alive and well, and I think we'll continue for quite some time. I mean, obviously, I don't have any way to sort of kind of speculate about what our customers think about the proposed merger. We obviously have a fair amount of -- we get questions about it and people are obviously curious to what this might mean and so on, but we don't have any particular comments around that. We feel very confident that our model is different, increasingly different and will help us compete successfully, regardless of what happens to the merger.
Per Lofberg: Well, I think the basic issue, there will opportunity I should say from that, that we're focused on is that there is a growing number of drugs especially kind of in oncology, but not limited to oncology, that are large molecule, injectable drugs that are reimbursed under the medical benefits as opposed in the PBM contract. And a lot of our customers are seeing very high growth rates of those drug costs. And so we are basically developing an approach for them to manage that and to basically realign the incentives to use more cost-effective treatments in those areas in conjunction with health plans that we serve. I think it's a really important area to address in years to come, especially as you look at the drug pipeline and the likely new drugs that are going to be expensive new additions over the coming years.
Per Lofberg: Well, it's an important part of the dialogue right now in terms of what the initiatives might be especially with our health plan customers in 2012. And I'm not going to sort of make any specific comments on which plans or how many of them are going to adopt this program in 2012, but it's a very important initiative that I think pretty much all of our customers appreciate and are evaluating as part of what they like to get into to further control their health care costs.
Per Lofberg: Well, it is, I mean, a phenomenon that is, I think, clearly playing out, especially in the federal and the state government contracts. And we certainly see that in some of the 2012 RFPs that have we have been working on. But at least at this point, it is primarily centered around that particular customer segment, and so it will be a factor. But we still feel confidently in the outlook that we've communicated.
Per Lofberg: Well, we basically worked with their customer-facing organization with our sales and account management leadership to develop proposals and sales collateral and value propositions that they can then take to their customers. And in some instances, we collaborate directly with them. And in many cases, we basically provide them with a backup material so that they can successfully make those cases when they are in conversation with their customers and prospects.
Per Lofberg: Well, I think it will probably begin in 2012. I can't really sort of give you any quantification of it, but we began that process earlier this year. And we've had a very sort of very productive collaboration with their customer-facing people over several months now to really put them in a strong position as possible to introduce these programs for the benefit of their customers and also for us.
Per Lofberg: Well, I think it's pretty clear from our recent step that United is investing in their own PBM, and they certainly have been present in the marketplace over the past several months in the more prominent way than has been the case in the past. So my view is I take all competitors very seriously, and I certainly would count them as a very forceful company in terms of the resources they have and the expertise that they have and so on. Having said that, obviously, we're going to look at capturing whatever opportunity we can from the churn that is likely to come because of these changes.
David Denton: Yes, Lisa, that's a great question. Previously, our guidance was $1.15 to $1.30. It is now essentially -- we lowered it a bit due to some of the subprojects. While there's some puts and takes in all the different subprojects, in general, some of the near-term projects are costing a little less than we had originally estimated. Yet some of the costs of the longer-term projects are just a little bit higher than what we thought. But I would say in general from an offset perspective, they more or less, the implementation cost and the shift in expenses related to streamlining cost more or less offset one another.
David Denton: Frank, this is Dave. Why don't I take that? Just maybe stepping back for just a minute. I just wanted to make sure that people understand. First of all, we are very pleased with the progress that we have made within those efforts, and we're very focused on making sure that we can deliver the results both this year and next year, but importantly, the $1 billion results over the next several years. So we're highly confident in that. Keep in mind that these streamlining efforts while we've talked about them in kind of major buckets, there are literally tens of projects going on within each of these efforts, and we're focused against them. We have dedicated teams and personnel and objectives and targets associated with them. So really, this is a pretty immaterial move if you think about it in totality between where we think the actual expense is going to occur in the back half of the year versus kind of the first half of next year. So this is just an immaterial shift between that. So again, I don't want people to read too much into that. It's just kind of moving around within a few quarters there.
David Denton: Yes, Neil, this does not change our outlook and our 5-year CAGRs. And again, we'll talk about 2012 in great detail in December. But this does not change our view around our outlook.
David Denton: And I think the dynamics of the marketplace haven't changed substantially. If you look over the past, generics have historically been productive for the client, productive for the PBM and productive for the retailer. And I think those dynamics still play out in the marketplace today, and we see that continuing going forward.
David Denton: Well, Eric, maybe I'll start and Larry can tag on here. If you recall that 2011 we anticipated that to be kind of the low point from a generic implementation standpoint or introduction standpoint. And what we have seen is we've been a bit more successful being able to drive generics within the stores, #1 and 2, the market's been a little bit better than what we thought. So I think the combination of those 2 events have put pressure on the top line, but by the same token, have enhanced our outlook on the bottom line.
