Karen Lynch: Good morning, Lisa. So let me just start with the three parts of the retail portfolio. As we said, we'll have primary care clinics, which would serve as a quarter back and serve as the patient's primary care medical home. And our HealthHUB, the way you should think about HealthHUB is they'll extend kind of the primary care for specific lower-risk use cases, which will allow us to expand the patient panel size with the primary care and obviously, lower cost. The HealthHUB will also serve as that extender in virtual care. And our pharmacies will leverage kind of the existing touch points to provide the ancillary and complementary services like actions and medication inherence programs. And then you'd have the third ring, which would just be your typical CVS pharmacy. So if you think about -- we'll have a differentiated experience where we have the primary care clinics. We'll have coordinated assets. We'll bring the breadth of services. We'll connect through a single digital ecosystem. And then we'll have kind of -- and we'll invest in making sure that we're connecting the patient data, the provider workflows that digital front end, so that we'll have a seamless patient and provider experience. That's the goal. Now you mentioned -- we mentioned at Investor Day, Lisa, that we would look at M&A activity to supplement our primary care services, we will -- we are continuing to evaluate our options there. And when we have more to talk about on that front, we'll be sure to share that with you.
Karen Lynch: Yes. I wouldn't specifically focus on a number. What we're really focusing on is how do we have coverage. And if you think about our HealthHUBs and MinuteClinics today, we actually have coverage of 45% of the -- a little bit over 45% of the US population. So we wouldn't -- and we'd want to have good, strong coverage for our Aetna and our Caremark health plan customers as well. So I look at it as coverage, not necessarily numbers.
Karen Lynch: Hi, Lance. Good morning. I'll start, and I'll ask Shawn to supplement here. What we said was we would look -- obviously, Medicare is our largest growth driver. We've been very successful, as I mentioned, to you with our growth. That is a growth engine for the company. So we would be focused on that. But not primarily, obviously, these clinics would serve a variety of different patients, and we would build them out. So we would have the opportunity to support other members with our -- with those primary care clinics. And let me ask Shawn to add here.
Karen Lynch: Matt, we've had a long-standing growth strategy for Medicare. And I'd just remind everyone that we have a broad portfolio of Medicare products that isn't just focused on individual. We have group Medicare, our PDP business and Med Sup. We had a very strong open enrollment period. We attribute that obviously to our strength in our product designs, our Stars performance, our products and services, our connections with the broader portfolio of assets that we have.  As we look to 2023, clearly, the rate notice was positive. It looked like CMS was keeping with the stability that will allow us to have continued flexible benefit design. So we're confident in our strategy. Obviously, there -- it's a competitive marketplace, and we'll continue to play to our strengths. And let me ask Dan if he has anything he wants to add here.
Karen Lynch: Yes. So Steve, we have a number of distribution channels that we rely on for Medicare growth. Clearly, we have the national distribution, the tele service and our own internal proprietary channel. And we've had pretty good strength across all those channels. Obviously, we continue -- the other thing we did this year too is we added resource centers in the CVS Health locations so that people could get educated on Medicare more broadly. I think what's important to look at is the distribution of the book in Medicare, not necessarily where the current sales are going, because that gives you a sense for kind of the future persistency. We had very strong retention across all of our distribution channels and feel good that we have the right focus on the distribution channels. Coupled with that is our marketing capabilities and what we've done – we continue to do is really gear our marketing capabilities towards growth areas in the market and that has served us well that generated solid growth for us. But let me see if Dan has anything to add here as well. 
Karen Lynch: And A.J., the kind of way we think about it is more testing could lead to earlier diagnosis. And when it's necessary, you could see COVID therapeutics and help minimize the spread of the disease and drive fewer hospitalizations. Relative to the benefits, let me ask Dan to just comment on how we're thinking about coverage and actually what we're doing today.
Karen Lynch: Yeah. And maybe I'll have Michelle comment on. We are -- we have -- part of our strategy is to become digitally oriented, and we're working on a new digital strategy. So Michelle, maybe share what was in that.
Karen Lynch: Thanks for that question, Nathan. I think digital is a part of the strategy it's not necessarily the driver. I think it's important when you think about the connectivity of care, the continuity of care, the seamless experience you have to have those digital connections. So that will be part of our overall strategy. And we will continue to look at what we can do internally versus what opportunities there are externally as we think about tech stacks and things like that and target companies that we're looking at today. So I'm going to wrap-up the call. So first of all, thank you all for joining us today. As we said, 2021 was really marked by strong financial performance across all of our businesses and very good progress on our strategy. And we are entering into 2022 with very powerful momentum and strong growth across all our businesses. So thank you for joining our call today.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. No, Lance. I would agree with that. I mean I think that our long-term aspiration, especially given the size of the company, right, is to have sort of a broad cross-section of customer types. But clearly, Medicare is an important business for Aetna. Frankly, the preponderance of chronic conditions in that population, I think, make it a population that would benefit tremendously sort of from the strategy. And obviously, today, there's also an economic model that works there. So Medicare is important for a variety of reasons. But ultimately, we would look to serve the local communities and the populations that exist. And I think the footprint and the nature of sort of our community assets will flex to serve the local populations. But Medicare is key, but the ultimate aspiration is a broad cross-section of customers.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. It's hard to predict the exact order with which things will potentially show up if you're -- if this is something you decide that you'd rather acquire than build. But yes, absolutely things that make sense to sort of extend sort of the care continuum. Again, particularly to a Medicare population would make a lot of sense and they'd be high on the list. 
Shawn Guertin: Yes. Yes. And let me start on the first, and I'll give you some insight, and I'll have Michelle or Karen talk a little bit about sort of the customer acquisition. But going back to the $0.30, you are correct. So for most of this year, when we've looked at the effect of COVID for the organization, it's been neutral plus or minus between the pressure in HCB and the revenue we're getting on the retail side. In the fourth quarter, one way to think about it is, we had about a $0.40 fee and almost $0.30 of that was sort of sitting in the vaccine and testing, including the OTC line. And HCB came in relatively consistent with expectations. So we've gone from having this be a neutral item to being about a 30% contributor during the year, all really kind of manifesting itself in the fourth quarter. And you're right. I mean, obviously, in 2022, the revenue from the stream of vaccine and diagnostic testing and OTC testing will decrease significantly. But we have seen kind of what I call new customer acquisition. We have seen a lot more traffic in the stores, and that's manifesting itself in more prescriptions and increased basket sizes in some instances. So it's an excellent question that I think we're going to continue to work on, which is how do we maintain that momentum. But we definitely have built some momentum beyond sort of the direct COVID kind of product line here. 
Shawn Guertin: Yes. And Michael, let me just clarify, I might have said 30% and I meant $0.30. I think that was clear, but just to be abundantly clear. It was $0.30 I was talking about. 
Shawn Guertin: Yeah, yeah, of course. So I think our stance here is very similar to where it's been all along. Our fundamental position is that these prescriptions were written by doctors, not pharmacists. We did not manufacture or market these. And the health care system does rely on pharmacists to fill legitimate prescriptions that doctors are deeming necessary. So based on that, we strongly disagree with the recent court decision in Ohio, and we look forward to the appellate court review of that case. And I'll remind you there that, that was a ruling on liability only, not on damages. But – and like any litigation, we will – if we think it's in our interest in the company's interest to sort of resolve matters, we will. But at this point, it's still very early and there's a lot to play out and we remain pretty firmly convicted in our position.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. So we are not, Kevin, forecasting a surge later in the year, whether it be Delta or Omicron. And again, all of these have been a little bit different. But I'd remind everybody that we have had – we have two business – large businesses that have tended to move in opposite directions in these surges and which have largely allowed us to sort of navigate them successfully. So I would say, our overall cadence of earnings right now with that assumption is actually very similar to 2021, a little bit more than half the earnings are in the front of the year. It's all hypothetical, but if we – we don't have a lot of vaccine volume, for example, right now in the second half of the year. So if that did pick up or if there was a fourth booster, or if there was even more testing activity, that would be certainly something that would sort of lift that on the retail side. But obviously, we have some of the offset on the HCB side. So there are a lot of moving parts, but we've been fortunate to sort of navigate frankly, both the surges because of the kind of the opposite performances of these two businesses in the face of the surge. 
Shawn Guertin: A.J., I'm happy to start on the forecast, and I can have Karen, and or Michelle sort of talk about the other side. But most of the OTC test volume is in the first quarter right now, in the first – certainly, the first half of the year in our forecast. The year-over-year comparisons are a little funny here, because we really didn't have any meaningful volume until the third quarter and almost all the volume is in the fourth quarter. So that was pretty back-end loaded in 2021. And conversely, our forecast, I think, is pretty front-end loaded right now. Obviously, there's a lot of dynamics here that are moving around, whether it be the insurance coverage of the benefit, the free test from the government, supply chain issues. This is a great example of an area where there's an awful lot of moving pieces that make the forecasting challenges. But I think this is also a good example of something that I think we will largely see play out in Q1 and hopefully have a more informed view on this for the full year. 
Dan Finke: Thanks, Karen. I think you said it really well. Look, we've been really deliberate around our growth strategy here across the entire portfolio, making sure that we can provide really solid benefits to the senior population really focused on our footprint coverage, inclusive of our D-SNP and that played out during AEP. And so like you said, we feel really confident in our growth expectations for 2022. 
Dan Finke: Karen, I think you said it really well. Look, our strategy is to really use our diversified distribution channels for growth, digital, our personnel, our partners. We do have a robust internal sales force, and I think that the results really speak to our ability to optimize success across all of those channels.
Dan Finke: Yes. Thanks, Karen. I mean our top priority has really been to ensure that our members have access to the tests in a really convenient way. Obviously, supply plays into this. And so early on, as we're looking at making sure that our members have access, we're using our broad network opportunities. But we are working very closely with our retail partners to bring out more convenient digital solution into play that can be even more convenient for our members.
Dan Finke: Yeah, sure. So let me take those in part. I mean, first of all, as Karen mentioned the Commercial book, we've seen some really strong retention in the fourth quarter, certainly related to national accounts. In the fourth quarter, we also saw continuing strong retention and strong sales. We also saw a little bit of shift in that change in force dynamics due to the pandemic that we were expecting, which is good, and that's leading to our lower single-digit growth overall there. As far as Medicare, we had mentioned really strong AEP season. The team is really focused on OEP and making sure that we sustain that momentum. And so we're really confident in our ability to deliver on that double-digit individual growth in 2022. And then the last piece is the Medicaid piece. Look, we're following the PHE really, really closely. Redeterminations are, obviously, something that we're watching as it relates to that. I think it's reasonable to expect that the suspension of redeterminations will continue through the second quarter, and then we'll be monitoring it closely. And of course, working with our state partners to make sure that when that does occur, that's timely and appropriate. We don't consider that to be a sort of a day one event, it will be a gradual process, but we'll work closely with the states around that.
Dan Finke: Yeah. It will be mostly focused on Medicaid. That component of the redetermination is at play. But recall we also had a large known group that's coming off the books in Medicaid as well.
