Tom Cowhey: Justin, it's Tom. So the largest impact within that -- within the quarter is the seasonality adjustment on inpatient. And as I noted in the prepared remarks, our April authorization data supports our updated seasonality projection as we did experience some negative prior year development in the quarter, and that is clearly part of the $500 million. But as you look at where that occurred, that was really in some of our inpatient categories where the trends restated negatively.  And so you saw the beginning of that uptick. You saw an uptick, again, January admits were higher than our expectations. February was improved versus January. March was improved versus February. And so we've seen really a -- we saw a spike earlier in the quarter, which really started, in hindsight, in the fourth quarter.  And as you look at that pattern, it very closely resembles what we would have seen in a 2018, 2019 period trended forward. And so that gives us a lot of comfort as we look at what we're seeing now versus what the historic patterns pre-COVID looked like that a lot of this was actually seasonal.   So if you take out the prior period developments, you also had some provider liabilities that were settled inside the quarter. As we did have some policy liberalizations that took place inside the quarter, I mean, they've been reinstated since the quarter end, so that should not be an ongoing impact. And then there were some other onetime impacts, including the initial reserve build for some of our new membership growth that would be incorporated inside that $500 million.  We also -- as you noted, we did see some RSV in the quarter. We did make a revision for some of those costs of the $500 million to recur in the back half of the year, but we're not projecting that the vast majority of those costs are going to be part of the run rate, unlike the $400 million that we're pulling through. 
Tom Cowhey: Lisa, from a very high level, as you think about what the potential -- List, just as you -- from a very high level, as you think about what the impact of membership loss is, just when you think about the comments that we made about margin restoration relative to the implied losses in the book, and so losing additional members doesn't necessarily contribute to lost profit in 2025. 
Tom Cowhey: Yes. One of the things that I think is worth talking a little bit about, as you think about the Health Services segment, we do have some pressures in there that we think are Medicare market-related in the Health Care Delivery business. We also saw some timing and mix-related impacts in our other Health Services segment businesses.  And we've taken a cautious stance right now on in-year recovery on those, and that's because we lost a large client there. We had some in-sourcing activity at another large client. We've had some supply shortages in some other categories. We also delayed the initial launch of our biosimilar product to April 1 from our initial plans. So accordingly, as we look at the seasonality of earnings, we think -- we currently expect that you'll see probably more like 55% to 60% of our earnings in the second half of 2024 to adjust for some of that sloping. 
Tom Cowhey: I might leave it to Brian to talk about the Part D changes and their impact on profitability. There is a very substantial change in plan liability there, which will result in much higher premiums, which we think is going to impact both overall benefits within the bids. But also, as we think about those seniors that are currently in the market to purchase a bundle, that the cost of that bundle is going to rise pretty dramatically for them, which may, even with a less robust set of benefits, make Medicare Advantage an attractive option in 2025.  The bid itself for 2025, what we received from CMS, the pricing was just disappointing. It's -- clearly, as we look at our trends, as we look at the market trends, we don't think that the rate sufficiently reflects that. We have another year of the phase-in of the risk adjustment model. There's no flexibility that's been given to date on TBC despite the material changes that we are experiencing because of the Inflation Reduction Act on Part D.  And so the combination of those things just makes a tough year for 2025 pricing harder when we don't see the pull-through of what most of the market participants are experiencing into the bid baseline.  And Brian, maybe you could talk a little bit more about that. 
Tom Cowhey: And if I just think about stepping back from your question, Nate, revenue in that product per member is clearly going to go up. It's just not clear exactly what's going to happen to the overall membership base, but we're going to price for a profitable product and what's ultimately going to be a higher premium product on Part D. 
Tom Cowhey: Yes, Nate, I think for competitive reasons, I don't want to get into any more than we've already given relative to the improvement or any more granularity there other than to say I think we've made it clear that everything is on the table. So there are TBC benefits that will probably get adjusted. There are non-TBC benefits that will get adjusted. We'll look at all -- like this is not an acceptable result where we're going to be for this year in terms of profitability on this block of business. And so we're going to look at everything that we can do to try to improve profits for next year and maintain some level of stability inside the book.  As you're doing the bridge between '24 and '25, there are some variable expense items that are clearly going to come back in 2025. That's part of the reason that we've talked about how we're going to accelerate some of our expense efforts to try to offset any restoration of expense that would come back in 2025. It's a little early days to try to talk about what that will yield in 2025, but we're committed to taking action to help offset any headwinds there. And we'll give you more updates on that as we get to next quarter. 
Tom Cowhey: There is a contribution from Cordavis that's embedded in our Health Services guidance. We haven't disclosed the date, Michael, what that impact is, other than to say versus our initial projection because we delayed the formulary change to 4/01, we had hoped to do it a little earlier in the year. That did have a little bit of a timing impact inside the quarter, but the adoption there has been fabulous. The client reception has been fabulous.  And maybe, David, you could talk a little bit more about what you're seeing there. 
Brian Kane: Sure. Thanks, Justin. So I would talk about 2025 in terms of headwinds and tailwinds. Let me just walk through those. So obviously, we have a very significant high trend that we are absolutely going to incorporate into our pricing. And so the trends that Tom talked about for 2024, we will reflect again in 2025. So that's clearly a headwind, but we're not going to miss on trend.  We've talked in the past about the Part D changes, which is a really important element here, and there's really 2 elements of that. One is that the benefit has been enriched pretty significantly by the IRA. And then secondly, the plan is on the hook for greater liability in the catastrophic layer in that we get less reinsurance than we used to. And so we intend to price for that and be very thoughtful around that.   Third, as we -- as Karen mentioned in her remarks, the rates that we received were clearly disappointing and not sufficient to make up the trend pressures and IRA pressures that we're seeing. And then finally, as Tom mentioned, around TBC, that's clearly a limitation that we need to be focused on. It's focused on the general enrollment block. It does not apply to D-SNP, and it does not apply to certain supplemental benefits as well, which we'll be very focused on to make sure we rightsize for 2025 pricing. As we think about tailwinds, though, Tom mentioned the Stars tailwind, which is about $700 million, assuming a stabilized membership, and I'll come back and talk about that a little bit.  With respect to the pricing actions, we're going to be very focused on taking those pricing actions, as I mentioned, to incorporate the trends, but also be mindful of how we think about TBC. Stars does impact TBC in that it reduces the amount of allowance we have under the regs. But as I mentioned, there are opportunities we have to trim benefits around TBC, and we will be very focused on doing that.  On the D-SNP product, our intention is to reduce our supplemental benefits in certain areas, including some of the kind of FlexCards that we put in the market this year. And so you'll see us reduce those benefits, and that allows us to capture margin without impacting TBC, and so that's important.   The other point I'd make, and Karen and Tom alluded to it, we will be taking actions around certain service areas. So to the extent that we don't believe we can credibly recapture margin in a reasonable period of time, we will exit those counties. We will also be looking at areas where we believe that it makes sense to actually discontinue a specific product, then reintroduce a new product where TBC won't apply. And we'll be looking at those opportunities as well, being mindful of the member disruption and some of the churn that you might see.   And so as we step back, we are very focused on margin over membership. Obviously, we're trying to create a stable book with respect to our membership. As we think about the membership impacts, I think there are several things that go into that calculation. One is we believe there will be significant disruption in the PDP market. And the med sup market, we're going to see prices go up. We're going to see people exit certain plans, and we know prices are increasing on med sup.  And so that will be a tailwind to our membership projections, offset by the fact, as I mentioned, as we've all mentioned, that we're going to be taking significant pricing actions. And really, it's going to depend on what our competitors do. We believe that they're rational. We believe they're seeing similar type trends, and so they're going to price as well for some of these pressures. But that's something that we'll have to calibrate as we get into pricing. And as I mentioned, there will be some service area reductions.  But again, the focus is on margin over membership. If there's a membership reduction, it's relatively small impacts on margin, and we're focused on making sure we price this product appropriately for 2025 and beyond. 
Brian Kane: Sure. And thanks for the question, Lisa. So I would say there are 2 elements here. There's the what's going to happen from an industry perspective in growth and then what we at Aetna are going to do.  So on the industry side, as I mentioned, I think there are some clear tailwinds from the perspective of what's going to happen in the traditional fee-for-service market, i.e., PDP and med sup. And so as members -- potential members are evaluating their choices, they're going to have to take a look at what are the price increases and some of the disruption that's going to happen in the traditional fee-for-service market. So that would be a tailwind.  I do think, though, that the industry broadly is going to be trimming benefits, in some cases, significantly and exiting from certain counties that aren't profitable. I think that's an industry issue, and I think it's clearly an Aetna focus as well. And so how that calibrates where we ultimately end up on membership is something that, again, we've got to work through bids and pricing to sort of estimate what we think our competitors are going to do.  So it's hard to say right now that we won't have a meaningful decrease in membership. It's certainly possible. What -- the message we're trying to communicate is we are focused on margin over membership. And to the extent that we do have a larger-than-desired membership reduction, then that will occur, and we'll focus on the margin side.  But again, I think our competitors here are rational. I think they are facing a number of similar pressures. Obviously, we have our own unique elements that we need to address as well. And so I think that calibration as well as what happens to the broader industry will really dictate where our membership goes next year. 
Brian Kane: Sure. I mean, first, with respect to Part D, I think Tom articulated it well. There's just incremental benefits that are being offered and significant increase in plan liability. And while there'll be an increase in direct subsidy, and we're expecting that, it really isn't sufficient to cover that increased liability that the plans have.  And so there's going to be a lot of discussion, I imagine, in the industry, certainly here at Aetna, about what product is ultimately viable for us as we think about the potential risks and volatility that could result from putting out a product and the impact of potential adverse selection in terms of who you attract. The types of members who use brand utilizers, specialty utilizers, et cetera, creates additional uncertainty, particularly because of that enhanced liability and the fact that the benefits are so rich that typical traditional views of insurance and getting low price and those sorts of things may or may not apply in the same way as it did. And so those are the types of things we're thinking through.  And obviously, as we come back on the next quarter call, we'll give you more color about our perspective on the Part D market. We do think there's going to be disruption. We do think it's going to necessitate premium increases. And that's why there's just some uncertainty about where the ultimate industry goes from an MA perspective in terms of membership.  With respect to your first question on the trend delta, look, it's obviously very significant. We've been very clear that the trends that we're seeing in 2024, which are really consistent with 2023, we expected some measure of break to a more normalized trend, as Karen and Tom said. And frankly, I think we were conservative on what a normalized trend would be.  If you go back historically, even before the pandemic, for many, many years, trends were in the 3% to 5% range. We saw trends in 2023 approaching 10%. We're seeing trends in 2024 mirror those levels, exacerbated even more so by some of the seasonal factors that Tom mentioned in the first quarter. And so we're going to continue those trends into 2025.  Now we have really not seen 2 years, let alone 3 years of those levels of elevated trends without break. But it's imperative that we include that in our pricing, and we intend to do that. And our expectation is our competitors will be thinking about it in a similar fashion. And so we need to think hard about how we're going to make up that delta between what we got in the pricing and what we got in trend, what we have in trend. And there are a number of levers we're going to pull. Benefits is one that clearly we're going to be focused on. 
Brian Kane: Yes. So we've looked at it very closely, as you can imagine, trying to understand whether the new members are creating disproportionate impact on our results. And we've analyzed it every which way we can. And when you look at basic results such as their emissions per thousand or their pharmacy spend or their risk or other categories of care, we're really not seeing a material difference between the new members and the old members. And so what we're really seeing is a pressure on our entire book that we are having to take action against ultimately.  We looked at things, of course, and I know there's been a lot of discussion around the fitness benefit, for example. That was clearly something that was appealing to our members on the general enrollment block. It's just some of the general enrollment block in terms of selecting that benefit. When we look at the financial impact of that, actually, it's pretty modest. It's actually running in line with our pricing expectation.  Some of the dental benefit enrichment that we did, we are seeing some pressure, as Tom mentioned, on that supplemental benefit. We are seeing more members use that benefit and use more of it. And so -- but that's really across the book. And so again, I don't see a selection bias between old and new members, but rather pressures throughout that we need to address for 2025. 
Brian Kane: And I would just add to Mike that, as you said, we are working very closely together. And for example, while obviously, we're not going to provide color today on specific counties and the extent which counties will exit, we wouldn't do that in an Oak Street footprint as an example, right? So we're going to be very thoughtful about how we trim our book with the goal of, over time, retaining the margins and attaining the margins that Tom articulated.  I'd also remind you that every 100 basis points is worth more than $500 million on a trend basis. And so if we think about where historical trends have been, if we think about where trends are today, we're in no way baking this into our assumptions. But as you think about recovery here, this has the potential to bounce back and retain those, get back to that profitability as well, which I think is important to mention.  But we're going to be very thoughtful about how we think about our membership footprint. And again, the ultimate goal is membership stability, but we're going to favor margin over membership for next year. 
Brian Kane: Well, clearly, care management is an important tool that we use to engage our members. And we spend a lot of time sort of segmenting who our high-risk members are, who are the members who would benefit most from care management. We're actually using a lot of really advanced AI tools to identify those members. We really think we have excellent analytics to be able to pinpoint who those members are and how are we best able to engage with them or the types of things that will get them to engage with us, and then also make it easier for our care management nurses at the point of care to be able to provide the level of advice and support that a member needs.  And so it's something that we're very focused on. I would tell you that we continue to roll out some of these AI capabilities that makes these programs much more effective with much better ROIs. And so while there'll be modest impacts in '24, over time, we expect that to be a differentiator for us. And so we're very focused there. 
Karen Lynch: Yes. Justin, I'm just going to reiterate what I said in my prepared remarks. We are committed to improving margin in Medicare Advantage, and we will do so by pricing for the expected trends. We will do so by adjusting benefits and exiting service counties, and we are committed to doing that. 
Karen Lynch: Yes. Nate, I would just add that we continue to evaluate our overall cost structure with respect to operations, process, productivity. And we began a comprehensive review of that last year, we took actions, they're showing up this year and now we're going to accelerate other initiatives over the next few months. And as we continue to size those efforts, we'll update you throughout the year. 
Karen Lynch: Yes. Mike, I would just say on the biosimilars, obviously, it represents one of the biggest opportunities to reduce overall pharmacy cost for the U.S. health care system. As you know, it's a $100 billion market by 2030. And as you can see in the very first few weeks of our launch, we've had incredible adoption, and we continue to evaluate the pipeline of opportunities. So we are excited about the potential in the future of the biosimilar market. 
Karen Lynch: And as we close the call, I wanted to take this opportunity to thank our colleagues for their many contributions, and we look forward to providing you updates throughout the year. Thank you for joining the call today. 
