Larry J. Merlo: Okay. Thanks, Dave. And you may recall back in November, we outlined a four-point plan to return to healthy growth, and I think today you heard us describe examples of the progress that's being made in each of those areas. And we're certainly focused on leveraging our enterprise capabilities and CVS Pharmacy's compelling value proposition to partner more broadly with other PBMs and health plans. Second, we're focusing on driving growth through new PBM product introductions that capitalize on the benefits inherent in our unique integrated model. Third, to continue to be a low-cost provider, we're working on a multi-year enterprise streamlining initiative that'll generate cumulative savings of $3 billion by 2021. And finally, we continue to be very thoughtful with respect to using our strong cash generation capabilities to return value to our shareholders. Before we go to the questions, I do want to personally thank Nancy for the terrific job she has done for many years now and congratulate her on her pending retirement, and also congratulate Mike McGuire on his well-deserved promotion. So with that, let's go ahead and open up the lines for your questions.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Mike. It's Larry. I'll start and I think Jon'll jump in as well. Again, acknowledging that we just had our Client Forum last week, we had a great opportunity to meet with a very, very diverse group of our clients. I would say the dialogue hasn't changed dramatically from what we've seen the last couple of years. I think there continues to be a focus on cost. And obviously, we've got a great story to tell there in terms of the ways that we can deliver value. And, at the same time, your question on transparency, obviously, that had gotten increased dialogue. I would say that clients want the flexibility of plan designs to meet their diverse needs. When it shakes out, I think that we'll continue to see steady movement in adoption of some of the products and services that you've heard us talk about many times.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Ricky I think that with HTA, as we've talked, you've got several Fortune 100 companies, so you've got pretty sophisticated purchasers of health care in there. I would say that, in some respects, short-term, there's probably not a big difference between what HTA is focused on and what are other coalitions are focus on. I think that their short-term goal is to make sure that they're getting unit price right, like all buyers, okay. I think longer term, I think there's going to be a bigger focus in terms of how HTA can lower overall health care costs. And I think that we're in a great position to play a major role in providing solutions by leveraging our integrated assets to improve patient care. It really picks up on what Jon was just talking about. So I see it as a short-term, long-term opportunity.
Larry J. Merlo: And, Scott, when Dave's talking about range being higher, he's really referring to the guardrails associated with that range. The width of that was broader than it had been historically, simply because of all the change dynamics going on.
Larry J. Merlo: Well Lisa, I think some of this, it does go back to the last couple questions, and if you look over the last couple of years, we have certainly broadened the base of services that we provide. That has enabled us to touch more of the health care spend, creating value for respective stakeholders. And, as I just mentioned a minute ago, we've been talking about this retailization of health care, where patients are becoming consumers. And we've got some very, very important assets. As that continues to gain traction, when you think about all the different consumer touch points that we have and all the different ways we engage with those consumers, whether it's on the front-end or delivering directly the care. So, listen, we're always looking for additional ways to capitalize on that. And that's the work that we do and we remain open to those thoughts and opportunities as they come up.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Lisa, I think you'll recall that we've talked about some of the pilots that we currently have underway, okay, with both vision and audiology. I think we're certainly continuing to focus in terms of the role that MinuteClinic plays and how we can broaden the scope of services that we provide, again, with quality as a key attribute. I think we're pretty excited with the opportunity that's been created with the Veterans Administration. I think that is very unique, recognizing some of the challenges that exist in terms of veterans getting timely access to care. And the pilot program that was kicked off last year in Northern California was successful. And as you may have seen two weeks ago, it's been expanded now to the Arizona market. And I think there's optimism that we can expand it even more broadly across that. So I think, again, it's something that continues to be a focus, and more to come.
Larry J. Merlo: And Lisa, some of this goes back to the notion, and you've heard us allude to this in the past, that as you think about a future network, pharmacy network, it won't simply be defined by price. It'll be defined by capabilities through a clinical lens, as Dave outlined. And if you think about, we mentioned Transform Care in our prepared remarks. And the first disease state focuses on diabetes. And you think about the fact that that diabetic patient visits their doctor four times over the course of a year, but they visit the pharmacy more than 30 times. So the opportunity to engage in a differentiated way speaks exactly to what Dave was talking about.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah. And, Bob, I think the first question, I think it goes back to the theme that you heard Jon talk about. I talked about it earlier, deeper integration around the clinical opportunities or clinical products, services that can be provided across our breadth of assets. And I think you heard some examples of that today, and I think there is a lot of white space there that we can work together on.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Steve, it's Larry, and I think Dave alluded to this earlier that there is nothing that precludes us, either contractually or capability-wise, from adding to our business portfolio. And we've grown our health plan business quite nicely over the last couple of years. And we've now got more than 70 health plan clients that I think that we can work with each one in a very unique and differentiated way to satisfy their goals and objectives. And we have a guiding principle that as we work with them to make them more competitive in the marketplace, as they grow, we grow. And I think that speaks a lot to the investments that we've made, especially on the PBM side of the business, that we brought on billions of dollars of new business over the last three, four, five years. And our welcome seasons have only gotten better each year as a result of the investments and the capabilities and, quite frankly, the talent that resides within the organization and the learnings that we get from each year that makes next year better. So, listen, we look forward to continuing to grow the business.
Larry J. Merlo: Eric, it's Larry. One of the things that we heard from the Client Forum last week, with a select group of clients, and it certainly warrants additional follow-up, but I think the lines are blurring more than ever in terms of the component of pharmacy that's going through the medical benefit and the complexities that that's creating for the health plan. And I think there is an opportunity, to pick up on what Jon was talking about, in terms of creating an even more robust and meaningful solution. That's something that we're going to be talking to those folks more about.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Mohan. I think if you go back in probably, I'm going to say, over the last two years, as a result of rolling out the [FATHR], (71:26) we have broadened our scope of services. I think we now have over 30 of the top 50 acute conditions with which we're now seeing patients. And I think one of the things that I think is probably an even bigger opportunity is we've established these relationships with some leading health institutions. Some of those institutions are getting into care management in a bigger way. And the opportunity to triage patients back and forth, I think, in the form of chronic care management, I think is a big opportunity. We've talked about some examples of that over the last few months, the VA being one, as an example. So, I think there's more opportunities there. I think as technology continues to move forward, that also may be a conduit for expanding the scope of practice there as well.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes. We do. As you think about labs, we do some of that today in the form of point-of-care testing. And I think that's an area that we continue to monitor with technology always changing in that space.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Brian, listen, as you look at Prime, obviously, they're a well-respected competitor. And we would describe them as competing effectively for business, particularly in the Blues plans. And I think as you know, FEP has a very important relationship with the Blues plans in which their members exist. And that said, it does remain to be seen how attractive their model will be outside of the Blues plans which, I think as you're probably aware of, make up the vast majority of their membership today. Listen, we continue to believe that the alignment and the integrated model that we have continues to give us an advantage in the marketplace. And going back to the FEP contract, we retained the clinical elements associated with managing the specialty patients, which I think is evidence of the integration of our model and the value that that brings for clients.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, John, it's Larry. Listen, it's hard to answer that question with a broad brush. I do think that for some of the reasons that you heard Jon talk about in terms of how network constructs evolve with not just price as the variable, but price and clinical capabilities, I do think that that could be the triggering point that gets people to look at things differently because, obviously, a grocer has a different value proposition or a different lens in terms of the role that pharmacy plays. And if all of a sudden, they're on the outside looking in, I think that that may change how they view what's important.
Larry J. Merlo: All right, thanks, John, and let me just take a minute to thank everybody again for your time this morning. And if you have any follow-up questions, Nancy and Mike are available. So thanks, everyone.
Jonathan C. Roberts: And Mike, this is Jon. So obviously, cost is very important, but it's not the most important. And the environment remains competitive but rational, so not really a change over the last several years. Clients, something very important to them is the service we provide to them as a client, but also the service we provide to their members. And that's a reason you can actually lose a client if you're not delivering good service. And our service levels are at an all-time high. And thirdly, they're more focused today, than I would say they were several years ago, around this ability to manage overall health care costs. And when we introduced our Transform Care diabetes program, that's really all about managing overall health care cost for diabetics. The response we got was very positive around this program. We also introduced a value-based network, which is going to be a skinnier network, but the network will be expected to perform around certain clinical outcomes around adherence, which clients know lower overall health care costs. So a lot of receptivity and focus around helping them manage their overall health care costs, not just their pharmacy benefit, which I think five years ago, was their primary focus. So this has been a gradual shift in the market over the last several years. And candidly, our assets and how we go-to-market and our ability to reach the consumer and change their behavior and lower overall health care costs, has had a lot to do with our success in the marketplace, and we continue to be very successful.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Yes. So, Ricky, Coventry will be moved by the end of this year. So we've been moving it over the last several years. We're almost complete with that effort.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Yeah, Dave, this is Jon. So Transform Care, as we talked about, is focused on diabetes. We have for other disease states that'll roll out over the next 24 months. And that program starts by moving their members into one of our channels, so either retail or mail. And that way, we get to apply all of the programs that we have, from connected glucometers to coaching by nurses, free MinuteClinic visits. We put guarantees around the trend. So we will be engaging with pharma around value-based contracts, and diabetes is a good example. We haven't announced those yet, but there are certain drugs in that category, as an example, that may be effective on their own, but sometimes you have to add a second drug. And if you add a second drug, we would get a reduced cost, as an example. So we do believe there's a real opportunity to bring pharma into the fold as we roll-out these programs. And then, as Larry mentioned, we actually launched at our Client Forum last week, a value-based network for the commercial space. And this will be working with other retailers around other programs beyond diabetes, where they will have certain clinical goals that they'll have to execute on, and their reimbursement will partly be tied to their ability to deliver. And that'll be a smaller network, say, in the 30,000 to 40,000 store range, so those retailers will get more volume into their channels. The clients get an actual unit cost savings because they're moving into a smaller channel, and then they get overall health care-lowering programs based on the clinical results that these stores deliver. So it is a comprehensive program. Some of it will be focused exclusively in our channels for very high cost, fragile patients, like diabetics. Other programs will be in value-based networks, so it'll be smaller than the broader networks. And we believe this is where the market is going. And based on feedback we had from our clients last week, they are aligned with the direction we're moving in.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Yeah, Dave, so, yes, I now do have responsibility for Retail and really all the operating units within CVS Health. And the purpose of this role is to bring innovation to the market faster. That is really going to be my focus. And by having these business units actually work more closely together and more coordinated, we think we'll be able to bring innovation to the market much faster than we previously have.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Yeah. Charles, this is Jon. So we've got a couple clients that are in pilot now, and we're signing clients up for January 1, 2018. Still early in that process, so we'll have more to say about that later this year, but I would say, again, clients seem very aligned to this concept. And they're thinking about these diabetics very similar to how they're thinking about specialty. So specialty, most of these clients move those members into our channels because they need a higher level of care. Well, now we're extending that to diabetes and to other disease states. And we're guaranteeing a drug trend and that's client-specific based on their mix and utilization, so we actually have to do a specific underwriting for each of those. So there's a unit cost benefit to the clients as well as the ability to lower overall health care costs that we think can be a significant savings for them. So we're very bullish on this program and excited to be launching it.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Yeah. So an example is we'll be giving members a connected glucometer. And as they test their blood sugar each day, it goes up into the cloud and is monitored by our teams. And when we see somebody off track, there's an intervention with them with a nurse to talk about what they need to do to get their blood sugar back under control and back on track. These coaches will also work with them on things around diet and making sure they're following up and having the right tests around eye tests and foot tests. We'll be able to offer those services as part of this program for free in MinuteClinic. And so all this information will be collected and monitored. And we think we'll have a very much higher reach rate than you see in a typical disease management program. So all of this is now being implemented in the pilots that we have up, and we think the results are going to be pretty compelling.
Jonathan C. Roberts: The other thing I would add is that there's been a lot written about the disruption that happens when you move business, and the industry has evolved a lot over the last four or five years. We now have automation, so a lot of these new clients are implemented in an automated way. And then, our testing platform now employs artificial intelligence, where we crawl through the claims and look for anything that's unusual. And so that has resulted in what I think have been very successful welcome seasons over the last several years. So we're very confident in our ability to implement new business, large and small.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Yeah, this is Jon. So, again, we introduced Maintenance Choice 3.0 at our Client Forum. The reception was, again, very positive, and you really think about all the ways we can service now a member, and members define convenience in very different ways, from: some people like mail; some people want to go to retail. We now have drive-thrus. We have Curbside. And now, we'll have home delivery within one to two hours. And it's not only for the prescription, but it'll include front store products as well. And so we think that the flexibility, access, and convenience that we will be able to bring to the marketplace with Maintenance Choice 3.0 will, again, make what is a very attractive benefit even that much more attractive.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Yeah, Eric. So this is Jon again. We have a capability that is fairly unique in the marketplace, and that's NovoLogix, which gives us the ability to manage the specialty spend under the medical benefit, which is, quite frankly, half of the specialty spend. So we're up to now over 60 million members being managed through this capability. And you combine that with what we're able to do on the pharmacy side of specialty through Specialty Connect, through our disease management program, where our nurses not only manage the member's specialty condition, but all their comorbidities, and we have a reach rate that's 13 times greater than a traditional disease management. So we think we have a comprehensive, complete solution for this marketplace. And it's a very high priority for our clients. And our capabilities and story resonate very well.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Yeah. We can manage all of the specialty under the medical spend. And it's a combination of prior authorization capabilities, repricing with some of the edits that you see on the pharmacy side that medical platforms aren't capable of managing, and also site of care. So it manages moving specialty from higher sites of care to lower cost sites of care
Jonathan C. Roberts: And, Eric, the last thing I would add is, as you know, there really hasn't been much control on the medical side because the medical platforms aren't capable of doing that. So this now allows us to begin to manage formularies on the medical side, which we think can bring value to the marketplace and the payors.
David M. Denton: Yeah. This is Dave, Scott. I think what you're seeing here is probably if you look at our guidance range for Retail, it was probably abnormally high. We've now, I'll say, narrowed that range. And I think it was more of us looking at the future and saying, what would it take us to get to the top end of that range, more than I'll say a disappointment from an outlook perspective. So think about it as narrowing the range and not seeing, at this point in time in the market, a catalyst to get us to the top of that range.
David M. Denton: Scott, this is Dave. There's probably not one thing to that. I would say that obviously we have to continue to execute on the plan that Larry articulated around plugging into payors in more meaningful ways to drive value for them, but also move dispensing volume into one of our channels. That'll be key to us as we think about growth over time. We continue to need to execute from a selling season perspective to gain lives within our PBM business, but importantly convert those lives, again, by selling in our integrated products to, again, drive value for those clients and move share into one of our dispensing channels. And we're continuing to focus on the cost side as we think about the things that we need to do to be more productive, both in the PBM business and in the Retail business and the Long Term Care business. We're making investments this year that will deliver for us over the next many years significant savings to drive performance. So all of those collectively need to work together to drive our performance in 2018 and beyond. And don't underestimate the importance of bolt-on acquisitions. Those are part of our targets. We continue to look for ways in which we can supplement our business to drive synergies for our business and expand our scope of services through the enterprise. So I think all of those will be important as we think about 2018.
David M. Denton: Hey, Lisa, this is Dave. I also think probably the biggest opportunity we have in the short term is you think about, I'll say, care management and think about care management from a pharmacy perspective, a patient is in our pharmacy typically several times a month. Certainly, patients with greatest needs are in several times a month. We've built an infrastructure within our pharmacies that come to life through our engagement tools at the counter that enable us to really intervene with that patient and coordinate their care across spectrums of health care, much broader than just pharmacy. And some of our health plans are beginning to tap into that capability, but I think if you look to the future, you could see that expanding pretty dramatically for us to even be more impactful as we think about how that patient manages their total health care.
David M. Denton: I think it's a little bit of both, Lisa, but I do think as you think about it, think about if you narrow the network, getting more patients into our channel, we can deliver better outcomes and bend the cost curve even more dramatically. So I think you're going to see a combination of share capture, from that perspective, but also there's probably some revenue stream tied to it as well
David M. Denton: Yeah, I don't think we've seen anything dramatically change from our expectations as we think about that. You can't really look at it quarter-by-quarter because you do have some seasonality in there. I do think it's important, if you look at our delivery in Q1 from a script perspective, we were kind of right within the middle of our range. So in totality, our script unit growth has been pretty consistent with our expectation. And if you further fast-forward that through the balance of the year, our expectation for script growth has not changed in any material fashion.
David M. Denton: Maybe I'll hit that one first, and then I'll turn it over to Larry. Obviously, today, we service probably a little over 70 health plans today, many of them in a pretty deep relationship. So there's really nothing that would preclude us from driving value with others in the marketplace from a health plan perspective.
David M. Denton: Well, hey, Alvin, this is Dave. As you well know, when we implement a new client, typically, we implement that at very thin margins and then we work to sell in our programs and drive substantial value for that client over the long term. And typically, you see our margins enhanced over that. As I think you know, and we discussed it earlier today, we've been very disciplined in our pricing. We have historically had very high retention rates, but our retention rates haven't been at 100%, indicating that we've been focused on underwriting each client at the appropriate return on investment, looking both to the short term but, more importantly, to the long term in our relationship with that client.
David M. Denton: Yeah, this is Dave. I think our store base, we've been pretty disciplined over the past decade or so in building out our stores. I don't think we have a big store rationalization effort underway, absent I'll say just trimming what we did this year.
