Larry J. Merlo: Okay. Thanks, Dave. And as you've heard already, we had a terrific start to the year and I'm very pleased with our results across the enterprise. And I want to thank our 200,000 colleagues who are working very hard every day to help people on their path to better health. And on behalf of our senior leadership team, I can tell you that we feel very good about our position in the marketplace. And with our stable business and unique suite of assets, we're very well positioned in the industry for continued success. So with that, let's open it up for your questions.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, let me take the first part of that and then I'll ask Mark to jump in. But as you know, we began this concept about 4 years ago. It was disruptive in the marketplace in terms of offering what had been only distributed through department stores and specialty beauty stores, certainly products not available in the drug channel. And we got tremendous learnings over that 3-, 4-year period. We found that we did not or were not able to secure all of the, call it, Tier 1 brands that would create a holistic offering for that prestige beauty customer. But again, it was a very successful innovative test where we got learnings that we can apply to our beauty business going forward.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, Lisa, let me take the first part, and then I'll ask Per to talk more about what he's seeing in the selling season. As we said in our prepared remarks, it's very early in the selling season. We're not going to provide any numbers around retention rates, and we just think it's way too early to talk about that with where we're at. And we'll certainly talk about that in a more holistic fashion as we approach the fall time frame.
Larry J. Merlo: And, Lisa, I think the wisdom that has been out there was a 2% to 3% number. And I think, to Per's point, that the paradigm that existed in terms of customer disruption, we're kind of living a learning laboratory, and Express has done a very effective job in terms of managing client and member disruption, that I think it's possible as a result of that, that you could see clients evaluate what would it mean for a 1% savings because the disruption is just not what people thought it might be.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, John, I mean, as we've discussed many times, we know that, that pharmacy customer is the hardest person to lose and the hardest person to get back once you've lost them. The longer this impasse goes on, the stickier that customer is going to be. And they're going to have multiple opportunities to visit a CVS/pharmacy and establish a relationship with their CVS pharmacist. So yes, there will be a retention impact of this if and when the situation gets resolved.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, Meredith, we have been -- I think going back to December, we had said that this was a very fluid situation and we certainly can't predict the outcome or let alone the timing of that, and that we would take this one quarter at a time, recognizing, as Mark just pointed out, there's an awful lot of things that we're doing to ensure that those new customers have an outstanding experience and that we convert them to not just a pharmacy customer but a front store customer. So we certainly expect that we'll talk about that at the appropriate time, and we'll provide another update on the next quarterly call in terms of where we're at should the situation be unresolved or resolved, for that matter.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, Meredith, as we -- someone asked the question earlier, that this has gone on long enough that we would certainly expect some retention to take place, because these customers have had an opportunity to date to visit a CVS pharmacy perhaps 3, 4 times now and to begin to establish a relationship with their pharmacist.
Larry J. Merlo: And, Tom, it's also an opportunity on the retail side because it gives us an opportunity -- it's going to vary by state and by PBM, but it gives us an opportunity to work with the PBMs around incentive programs rather than just being focused on just share reimbursement formulas.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Ed, I think as we look to the future, I think there's a lot of variables that continue to come in play. Keep in mind that part of that real estate strategy is the convenience of the front store offerings and the hours of operation that, that affords, which quite frankly, those elements are very important to clients and their members and I think will be part of the considerations that go into a decision to potentially restrict the networks. So I don't see, as we sit here today, any changes in how we think about our real estate strategy with that in mind.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, I think, Larry, that obviously, the point that Per just made about our integrated model, I think, creates an awful lot of interest among clients of all types, especially health plans, as you think about more and more of this business becoming B2C and the opportunities that we have to serve varying needs.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, it would be very minimal, Larry. I mean it would be investing in some of the store labor, okay, as Mark talked about, to ensure that, that transition experience becomes a seamless one, because there is some administrative duties that have to be performed as part of that transfer process.
Larry J. Merlo: We didn't provide, Scott, the quarter number, but we currently have 69 million active cardholders. So it's up a couple of million from our last update.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Scott, the number that we've talked about in the past is when you look at that pharmacy customer and ask, what percent are purchasing something in the front at the time they're picking up their prescription, that number is right around 30%.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, Bob, I mean, we are following through on our plans. I would say the one thing that we're doing in response to your question is that we have entered new markets over the last couple of years and we have a rich and robust pipeline of stores. So I'll take a market like St. Louis where we have probably 10 or 11 stores today and another 15 or 18 in the pipeline. And we're looking at those new markets to see if we can accelerate what has already been approved as real estate.
Larry J. Merlo: And, Ricky, we use the wholesalers geographic to a large degree actually across our retail enterprise. Okay, everyone. So thanks for your interest and your time today. And if there's any follow-up questions, I know you know how to get ahold of Nancy. So thanks, again.
Per G. H. Lofberg: Well, the biggest single one is the FEP contract, which was the mail order and the specialty business that we didn't have. We also renewed the retail part of that. So the incremental revenue that we got from the FEP contract was roughly $2.5 billion out of the $7 billion, and then the rest of it is made up by a number of other prominent employer and other types of customers.
Per G. H. Lofberg: And, Lisa, I think the network question is clearly on the table and I think that it's, I think, in part put on the table by the Express-Walgreens situation. And I think what many customers have realized is that you can actually serve the market very successfully with less than all of the stores around the country. And quite candidly, Express has done a nice job really managing transitions of their retail customers over to other participants in the network. So it is a viable option for customers where they, I think, will be looking at, due to the benefits, the savings that they can get from narrowing down the network somewhat. And they will kind of look at those benefits compared to other types of savings opportunities that are available to them through plan designs and that sort of thing. So I truly expect there to be a healthy discussion around network options as we get into this year's selling season.
Per G. H. Lofberg: Well, I mean, I think to get to 5% savings, you have to make very drastic cuts in the network. But this business is very price-sensitive, as you know, and customers will value a lot top line reductions of 1%, 2%, 3%. If you're a $1-billion health -- if you're a health plan that spends $1 billion on prescription drugs, 1% saving is $10 million and 2% savings is twice that. So it is very meaningful and I think it's clearly sort of worth consideration by customers.
Per G. H. Lofberg: Well, I mean, I do think that the opportunity to capture new business is probably the more important factor there. What is sort of interesting, I think, in this year's selling season is that in addition to looking at customers that are contemplating a change for January 2013, we actually have quite a substantial number of customers that are looking at 2014 change. And it's unusual, at least in my experience, to have that many customers kind of go out to market almost like a year ahead of plan, if you will. So that is a new phenomenon, I think, this particular season. With respect to the pricing, I really don't see any significant change compared to the past. I mean this is a very competitive business. It will continue to be very competitive business. And when plans go out to bid, they look very much at how to improve the economics of their drug benefits. So I kind of fully expect that the economics will be in the forefront of all of these opportunities.
Per G. H. Lofberg: Well, I mean, I think if you have a successful service relationship with the customer, which is very much the case for us, I mean, typically as the incumbent, you have sort of the upper hand, if you will. And that sort of is what you see reflected in the high retention rates. But that doesn't really translate into a significant sort of margin opportunity. It tends to be very, very competitive and clients are really focused on trying to improve the economics of their drug programs.
Per G. H. Lofberg: Yes, I think, let me start with the last one. I mean there are really no IT issues associated with the destination platform. It's a very, very strong platform that will basically be able to handle a tremendous range of plan design requirements, capturing all the segments of our book of business. And we just -- earlier this year, we migrated all of our Med D business over to that platform, which is arguably the most complicated part of our business. So it's a very, very sophisticated state-of-the-art platform that will be able to robustly handle all of our requirements for many years to come. So that's not at all sort of an issue. With respect to the 2014 thing, I don't have any really definitive insight there other than what I've just said. I do think when you have this kind of market disruption that's going on right now and the M&A activities that you're familiar with, those types of changes can be kind of an impetus for many plans simply to just sort of ask themselves, maybe this is a good time for us to look at what's out in the marketplace and figure out what the options -- what options are available for them to provide this cost-effective drug benefit going forward. So I don't have anything other -- any other insights than that to offer.
Per G. H. Lofberg: Yes, I don't see anything to the kind of controlled aspect of your question. I mean, I think, typically, when they specify the parameters around networks, it has to do with access, geographic access, in relation to where their people are. And that's been a fairly broad-based sort of definition of what the network requirements should be based on. And so that's probably -- I mean I don't see any real change there. With respect to other things that people are looking for, one of the things that's sort of on the table right now for many employers is what their plans are with respect to retiree coverage and whether they're going to exit the Retiree Drug Subsidy Program into either a defined contribution or EGWP-type plans. So there's a fair amount of interest in those types of options, especially from large employer customers.
Per G. H. Lofberg: Pretty much -- I mean, it's not a major shift. We obviously -- there's a slight deterioration typically in the mail order aspect of it because in the EGWP plans, you can't have as aggressive mail order incentives as many employers have for their retirees today.
Per G. H. Lofberg: Well, we certainly see that being a big growth area for us, and many states that have major fiscal problems are clearly kind of looking at switching out of fee-for-service Medicaid programs into managed Medicaid programs to improve the generic dispensing rates, to reduce the dispensing fees and so on, so that seems to be a pretty robust trend right now that certainly had a significant impact this year. But other states will continue to kind of look for those types of savings going forward and that's a very interesting market opportunity for us.
Per G. H. Lofberg: And even going back to the network issue, many of these managed Medicaid programs are being set up around retail networks that have less stand-alone pharmacies in it.
Per G. H. Lofberg: Well, I mean, we did take on a huge amount of business, as you know, in January. And at this point, we're very sort of satisfied with the service levels and the operations around all of these new customers. To be quite candid, there were some moments in very early January when I think our systems were pretty much stressed and we had some spikes in the customer call centers that were -- caused a little bit of consternation. We pretty quickly got behind that, so it's not an issue any longer. But it was quite an effort in early January to manage all this inflow of business. And going forward, I think we obviously take all of these experiences and try to learn from them, try to find areas where we need to strengthen our processes and strengthen our systems, so we can continue to grow this business very successfully. And I don't really see any limitations there whatsoever.
Per G. H. Lofberg: I mean, I do, Larry. We will never doubt that 100%, and the accounts that we lost early this year were -- they were hotly contested and we put in a huge effort on those and, I thought, gave proposals that were very aggressive and what we felt we could justify. So having said that, we're not going to win all the time. I do think that our model, especially with the integration with CVS retail and the MinuteClinic, is of increasing significance to the health plan segment. And that, I think, has become really a focal point for many of the health plan discussions right now, and in particular, health plans that have a significant Medicare population. As you probably know, Larry, the government has basically created the Star rating program as a way to measure health plan performance and also to pay health plans for their performance, and a significant portion of those Star ratings today are dependent on being able to improve adherence and close gaps in care for chronic medication users. And we have a particularly strong suite of capabilities to help health plans in that area. So I'm very, very optimistic about the growth opportunities in the health plan segment going forward.
Per G. H. Lofberg: Bob, I mean first off, I mean, we have a long-term contract with Walgreens, so that's sort of the basis from which we operate. And as we do with all of our network partners, we will continue to look for sort of the best mix of participating chains and independents and the economics that, that will lead to. So I'm not going to make any predictions one way or another, but certainly having Walgreens in the network on competitive terms is a good thing for our customers.
David M. Denton: And I think, Meredith -- this is Dave. I think a couple of things, is that one, we want to put in our guidance things that we can control, and obviously, this situation is somewhat outside of our control, number one. But number two, while we've talked about it a lot, we're still pretty early in the process. We've kind of got 1.5 quarters under our belt here. And as time goes on, we'll know much more and we'll have a lot more clarity at that point.
David M. Denton: Yes. It's all Retail Pharmacy because the change only affects our Retail Pharmacy inventory accounting method.
David M. Denton: Well, I think if you look at it, we beat by $0.02 for the quarter and then we raised essentially by $0.03 due to the Walgreens-Express impasse, $0.03 to $0.04.
David M. Denton: Ricky, this is Dave. This is purely an accounting change, although we think it will be helpful to us from an operational perspective over time. Keep in mind that today, the purchasing across our enterprise, both from a PBM perspective and a retail perspective, is already consolidated. So we leverage the purchasing power of our organization across both of our segments.
