Larry Merlo: Okay. Thanks, Dave. And let me just reiterate how pleased we are with the progress that we've made this past year in advancing our innovative health care strategies, along with rebranding our company. And I'd like to take a minute to thank our more than 200,000 colleagues who continue to work hard each and every day, executing those strategies.  So with that, let's go ahead and open it up for your questions. 
Larry Merlo: Bob, I think this is just the ongoing margin compression that we're continuing to see and expect to see as we move forward on both the PBM as well as the retail side. So there's nothing that is new beyond what we've been talking about probably for the last couple of years. 
Larry Merlo: Look, John, it's Larry, I'll start and then, Jon will -- I'm sure will jump in as well. But -- I mean, the latter part of your question, we think we're extremely well positioned for all the reasons that we touched on earlier and that we talked about in greater detail at Analyst Day. I think that if you go back and look at the '15 selling season over '14, there was a lot more RFP activity recognizing that we thought '14 was an anomaly as people were preparing for the impact of the Affordable Care Act. So we think that '15 was kind of a return to a normal selling season, and we don't see '16 any different. It's early, but we think it will mirror what we saw this past year. 
Larry Merlo: No. Meredith, it's Larry. I'll start and -- we have not been doing anything out of the norm that we haven't -- that hasn't been part of our program for the last couple of years. We have always looked for ways in which we can become a more efficient operator at retail. And that's where our focus has been this past year, and will continue to be as we go forward. 
Larry Merlo: Well, Eric, it's Larry. I'll start, and I'm sure Jon will jump in as well. I mean, as you think about Hep C specifically, our goal was to create the lowest net cost solution for the entire population of patients, recognizing that our clients have a lot of flexibility in terms of the programs that we have that meets their priorities. And in addition to achieving the lowest net cost solution, we also evaluated a variety of factors including the current and future projected distribution of the population across the several genotypes, the average duration of therapy, of the various agents, factors that contribute to medication adherence, along with our ability to further control costs through utilization management programs. And I go back to some of the things that we talked about at Analyst Day where, through our formulary management program since it started back in 2012, we've saved clients over $3.5 billion. There is a growing opportunity in the specialty class recognizing that, I think, we ended '14 with 31 specialty exclusions. And there's a lot more that we can do to bend the cost curve in specialty beyond just managing the formulary. And maybe I'll ask Jon to talk a little more about that, that respective piece. 
Larry Merlo: And Charles, we mentioned in -- I'll go back to our prepared remarks where we saw a 55 basis point increase in pharmacy market share in the fourth quarter. We also acknowledge that there was a bit of an uptick from the flu season that we began to see in the business in the later weeks in the quarter. 
Larry Merlo: And Ricky, I think to that point, the value proposition here centers around the ability to manage the specialty patient, not simply the administration of a particular drug, okay? Recognizing that with the various assets that we have now, Jon mentioned Coram and our infusion capabilities, along with what exists in NovoLogix, we can demonstrate for the client cost-savings opportunities by simply migrating the patient to a lower-cost, high-quality site of service. 
Larry Merlo: And Scott, I mean, it's a great question, and I think Dave answered it well. The only thing that I would add is, there's still so much flux in the marketplace. And back to Dave's point about we've got a multitude of assets that allows us, we can be pretty nimble and I think we described it, we can pivot to additional changes that we see in the marketplace in a pretty quick and innovative fashion. 
Larry Merlo: Well, George, it's Larry. I'll start and then, I'm sure Dave will jump in. But I mean, we appreciate your comments, okay? I would say that as we're doing our planning, our outlook and our guidance range implies a range of assumptions. And I think I would say it, at the end of the day, it's that's simple, okay? That we've -- as we talk about our outlook for '15, we've got, within that guidance range of $0.14, it comprehends where the market could go. And as we've talked about this morning, we're comfortable with where we're at today and that outlook remains intact. 
Larry Merlo: No. And George, I think, this all goes back to when we started this in 2011 for the 2000 plan year. I think that we demonstrated in that first year that this can be a cost -- a very effective cost-savings opportunity for clients. And it can be executed with a high degree of service to the members, okay? And certainly, this whole process starts with ensuring appropriate clinical outcomes. And I think we continue to see those opportunities going forward. 
Larry Merlo: And Alvin, I think I'll just reiterate the 3 ways in which value is created with Red Oak. Obviously, one is the fixed payment schedule, which started in Q4. The second one is, there are some additional milestones that have been created that will allow for additional payments. And then the third is what Dave alluded to on an earlier question in terms of just the opportunity to create additional reductions in the cost of goods by creating a more efficient supply chain. 
Larry Merlo: No. Steve, it was more just general mix probably, maybe it skews a little more to the health plan side recognizing some of the true-ups that take place from their enrollment season. 
Larry Merlo: Yes. Steve, that's a great question. And that is a net number inclusive of the variables that you talked about. And by the way, you can go back to one of Jon's slides at Analyst Day that kind of did the mapping from where we were to what we were projecting, including the shift in retirees, what we were projecting open enrollment at that point in time. And it came -- the final net number was pretty close to that forecast. 
Larry Merlo: Eric, I would say we're probably in the fourth or fifth inning in terms of the work and the opportunities. 
Larry Merlo: Well, Eric, I think there's 2 comments around that. And first is the fact that as we've been talking a lot about over the last couple of years, the differentiation that the integrated model brings out into the marketplace and how we think that we can meet clients' needs for their business and obviously, their members in a very differentiated way and in terms of satisfying their goals. And I think, as we're talking -- as we're thinking about the '16 selling season, I think it's based on where we sit today. It really has more to do with we expect the RFP activity to be at a similar level to what we experienced last year. So obviously, it's very early, and we'll talk more about it as we go through the year. But we're optimistic as a result of our integrated model. 
Larry Merlo: Yes. Bob, it's Larry. Maybe I'll start and just ask Helena to jump in as well. And Bob, listen, I think our focus continues to be on our business and what we can manage and control within the 4 walls of what we do well every day and the opportunities that we continue to see there. And maybe I'll ask Helena just to talk more about how she's thinking about the Retail business and the opportunities that exist there within CVS. 
Larry Merlo: Well, Ed, it's a great question. And it is important for us to have a presence in that business, which we believe we have today, recognizing all the different ways in which we can engage and touch the Medicare consumer. And you go back to some of the things that we've talked about, we coined it the "silver tsunami," the fact that you've got 10,000 baby boomers turning 65 every day. Back to your first question, the competitive environment recognizes that participation in a preferred network comes with associated margin compression. And I think our retail organization has done a terrific job in terms of building an economic model that evaluates margin compression against forecasted share shift. And there are times when the economics make sense and we proceed, and there are other times where the economics don't make sense. Recognizing that all Part D plans are not equal in terms of their design, whether it's copays or the makeup of that Part D plan in terms of the balance between choosers and low income subsidies. I think, at the same time, we also have a unique opportunity recognizing that -- you saw the announcements coming out of HHS last week and the focus in terms of moving more to outcomes management. We participate today in terms of supporting our health plan clients through stars ratings. And we know that in a PDP plan, we can effect over 50% of that stars ratings with the ways in which we engage and touch that patient. So we think that there's tremendous opportunities across our book of business to work with patients, as well as health plan clients in terms of achieving their goals. 
Larry Merlo: And Ross, I'll just wrap it up by talking about the provider, the physician community. And I think that we've seen this come into play as we think about some of the health system affiliations that we alluded to in the call. And this certainly aligns us with their goals as well. And I think it's opening up some doors to some saw potential unique opportunities as we go forward.  Well, listen, again, let me just take a minute and thank everybody for their time this morning and your ongoing interest in CVS Health. And if you have any follow-up questions, you know how to reach Nancy or Mike. Thanks, again. 
David Denton: I think that increased spending was really related to the 1/1 readiness efforts. So we spent, as you know, incremental money through Q4 and we talked about the incremental money that we're going to spend, actually, in Q1 as we ramp-up those new clients for the welcome season. 
David Denton: Yes. John, this is Dave. We've been pretty consistent in our capital allocation program for several years, and we've outlined it and all the different components of it. I will tell you though, we do look forward to the growth of our business. We look at kind of where we think we're going to be in several years in the future. And then we make sure that we're performing what we would consider value-enhancing share repurchases based on where the growth of our business and the cash-generation capability of our business over the next several years compared to the valuation. So we will continue to monitor that, and we will continue to flex our capital allocation program to drive value for shareholders in the short term as well as in the long term, John. 
David Denton: Yes. I can't really size that. I will say that from a rate perspective, it's slightly beneficial to -- from a rate perspective to retail because think about those specialty prescriptions, they're largely branded prescriptions and branded prescriptions carry a lower gross margin than a generic prescription would. So that would serve to lift retail gross margins when you transfer those scripts out of retail into the PBM. But it would be immaterial though in totality. 
David Denton: No. That is certainly not the driver of rate improvement at Retail. If you go back, you look at what's driving the performance in Retail, it continues to be gains in prescription volume, along with the improvements at GDR and our improvements in economics as we drive down the cost from procurement standpoint. 
David Denton: Again, if you go back, if you look at what's really driving it is our continued share gains from a pharmacy perspective. If you look at the volumes of prescriptions running through our dispensing channel at retail, continues to enhance our performance from that perspective. 
David Denton: No. I don't think there was anything that was materially different than what we've seen in past quarters from that perspective. 
David Denton: Yes. This is Dave, maybe I'll start. I think as we -- you heard at Analyst Day, despite the fact that we come from a very large base in the sense of the size of the company, we have a lot of growth outlooks and opportunities in our business. We outlined over the next 5 years of how we're going to grow the top line fairly significantly, gaining share across both the PBM market space, as well as the Retail market space and be able -- through that share gain, be able to drive performance and operating profit. And with the cash that we generate, be able to further enhance that through the capital allocation program. So I do think, as we look at the marketplace, there's always challenges in every marketplace, but there's really a lot of opportunities for our differentiated model to plug-in to payers and providers and consumers in ways that add value for them, and quite frankly, add value for us. 
David Denton: I do, I do. I think if you look at what we're trying to do here is, as we gain dispensing share, that dispensing share can be -- we can essentially leverage the fixed asset infrastructure of our business, both at the Retail segment as well as in the PBM space. And that really allows us to accelerate our returns profile. 
David Denton: And I would think also, George, just from that perspective that it relates to, let's say, specialty and Hep C, we've been planning for this event for a while. This wasn't like a shock to us. We had a lot experience in this category. We were working hard from -- with clients and within our organization to better manage specialty for them. We see the pipeline and have a good view of the pipeline. And with that, constructed a series of programs that allowed us to work to improve our performance in this area on behalf of our clients. And so this was something that was very planned from our perspective, and we kind of saw it coming to some degree. 
David Denton: Yes, we did. As we said, we're kind of in the early stages of that effort. As we indicated back at Analyst Day, there's several different ways in which we drive economics here, part of that is lowering our cost of goods sold from Red Oak. And we did see some improvement based on the program. 
David Denton: Frank, that's also a great question that, unfortunately, we can't get into that level of specificity. But we -- as we talked about earlier, our guidance as we thought about 2015 had a range of -- kind of has a range of scenarios built within it. And at that point in time, we had some clarity around kind of how the market was going to shape up for us there. 
David Denton: So Frank, that's a great question. I don't know that there's any -- we don't really have any gaps from an asset perspective. I will tell you though that we've been working hard to increase our business within the medical benefit management sector, if you will. With NovoLogix as a good example. There's probably other opportunities for us to continue to penetrate that market, so there's probably more to come there. It will probably be really early stages from that perspective. 
David Denton: Yes. Maybe we'll take generic inflation first. We -- as we have said, there has been limited pockets of inflation within the generic universe. I will say that in totality, the generic market still maintains a very deflationary nature. And we believe that, that will continue both in the short term as well as the long term. I think as it relates to Red Oak, I think the team has done a terrific job in standing up that operation. They've met with the lion's share of manufacturers, and we continue to be pleased with the progress. I think that they're tracking consistent as we plan for them at this point in time. 
David Denton: Yes. Eric, this is Dave. The one thing I wouldn't -- just one word of caution there is that this isn't a game where I think there's a beginning and an end. This is process that is ongoing continuously. So while we might have gotten to the fourth inning as Larry just spoke about, we're going to start a new game soon enough. And we continually need to work to improve our cost structure and that's one way we'll do that. 
David Denton: Well, I mean it's hard to say specifically. But my expectation, as we always said, is that we're most advantaged at the point in which there's many manufacturers in the market for a generic drug. And if that were to occur, I assume that, that would be best for us, yes. 
David Denton: We've been communicating with clients that, left unabated, you can expect to see specialty trends in the high-teens. 
Jonathan Roberts: And John, this is Jon. I think the size and composition is going to be similar to what we've seen. Health plans, which we're seeing now, large employers that we're seeing now, you'll see the midsize and smaller employers later in the year, and we expect to see a fair amount of state government opportunities as well. 
Jonathan Roberts: Yes. So Eric, clearly, specialty is our clients' biggest concerns. Formulary is a piece of that, but there's also a lot of other things that you can do to help manage that trend and they're also interested in managing it under the medical side, which we have a unique solution. So I think formulary is one piece of the strategy. Your question around the differences in formularies between the different PBM's and the impact on that as clients make decisions, we really haven't seen that as a factor in the selling season. We've been very effective at transitioning members off of non-formulary drugs. We've been very effective at transitioning members from competitors' formularies to our formularies, and we're seeing that this selling season. So I don't -- I'm not seeing formulary as a differentiator as clients are making decisions. I think they're really looking at what we're able to deliver there, and we're very competitive there, but they're also looking at all the other capabilities, differentiated capabilities that we have. Then at the end of the day, that's what makes the difference. 
Jonathan Roberts: Ricky, this is Jon. Still early in this whole arena. But as I -- what I know today, I would think about biosimilars as being more like branded competition. And so the majority of the value will come in the form of rebates. And obviously, most of that value passes along to our clients. Now to the extent that they're able to make them interchangeable and that function more like generics in the non-specialty world, then I think you would see them act more like generics. But I think it's early to see how that plays out. 
Jonathan Roberts: Yes. I mean, that's a good question. I would say on the specialty, on the medical side, most of that activity is concentrated with our health plan clients. So we're seeing a lot of interest in that space. Obviously, as we begin to manage that, we believe it increases our dispensing opportunities as well because some of those drugs can't be dispensed through us. And we think of our Coram platform as even being an enabler to penetrate the dispensing space to even greater extent than what we do today. 
Jonathan Roberts: George, the only thing that I would say is different as we move into the specialty realm is there will be more complexity around managing it. So as an example, Harvoni is for genotype 1. And so that's what's on the formulary for those patients that have Hep C with genotype 1. And then you have other options for the other genotypes. And so I think you will see a combination of formulary and utilization management programs. So that will -- just adds a little bit of complexity, but I agree with Dave and Larry, it's very similar to what we've seen in the past and our capabilities are playing out in the space as well. 
Jonathan Roberts: Lisa, I think it was just more the same, more penetration and high deductible plans and just higher penetration of all the things that you just talked about. So we really haven't seen anything different than that. Although I will think -- I do think you'll see much more aggressive management in the specialty space around plan designs. So much higher adoption of formulary strategies. And I think as you recall, at Analyst Day, we did talk about, of the new business we brought onboard, 35% of that did some narrow networks. So I think you're just going to see more aggressive programs like this with plan designs as clients began to see these higher trends year-over-year growth of their drug spend. 
Jonathan Roberts: I mean, Frank, this is Jon. The one place that we don't play much in today is the oncology space. Most of that is administered in physician offices. We do think as the marketplace moves to more risk-based reimbursement arrangements that, that business will view the administration of drugs -- they view it as a profit center today. And as it becomes more risk-based, it will become an expense center for them. So they'll be looking for solutions and people that can operate in that space more effectively. So we're working hard to understand how to extend into that space. And we think our capabilities give us a great, great platform to do that. 
Jonathan Roberts: Great question. We have the PCSK9 inhibitors coming out this summer. That could be as big, could potentially be even bigger than Hep C. So pharma is really focused on the space. So I think this is going to be on ongoing challenge for our clients and opportunity for us to step in and really help them manage this area. 
Jonathan Roberts: And then Ross, this is Jon. To add to that, as I'm out talking, and I'll focus on new prospective clients that maybe don't know us as well as our existing clients. It's something that we talk about, our repositioning in the marketplace as a health care provider; the discontinuation of tobacco. And yes, there is clearly a halo effect that I see from our clients that makes them feel good about potentially doing business with a company that has taken a stand like that in the marketplace. 
