Larry Merlo: Well, thanks, Valerie. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our 2020 Q1 earnings call. These are certainly unprecedented times for us all. And at CVS Health our dedicated colleagues have been working on the frontlines in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic, responding in real time with solutions for consumers and patients across the country. And I'd like to take a moment to express my sincere gratitude to our colleagues for their work in all parts of our organization. They are doing a phenomenal job of responding to the needs of our communities, and I could not be more proud of their efforts.  Now, as we all know, over the last couple of months, the situation has rapidly intensified as the pandemic has spread from coast-to-coast. Federal, state and local governments, in partnership with the private sector have worked to curb the spread of the virus and its impact on our population and the economy. As CVS Health is one of the largest providers of essential services, we are supporting these efforts through our community reach, local presence, broad healthcare offerings, digital capabilities and our hard working colleagues, and we are part of the solution during these difficult times.  So let me provide an overview of the actions we've taken in response to COVID-19 with two key priorities in mind. First is the well-being and safety of our colleagues, consumers and communities we serve. Second is maintaining the continuity of our businesses and operations. In order do that, we are making investments to support our consumers, clients and members while deepening our relationships and advancing our long-term strategy of being the most consumer centric health company.  Starting with our colleagues, we took swift action designed to keep them safe, while we kept our stores and other operations up and running with minimal disruption. We implemented social distancing practices, enhanced cleaning protocols, distributed personal protective equipment and outfitted stores with plexiglass barriers. We also provided our colleagues with enhanced benefits and resources, including family support and announced bonuses for our frontline colleagues for their outstanding work. All of these actions help ensure the continuity of our operations at a time when they are needed the most. For our consumers and members impacted by COVID-19, we are providing them with continued access to quality healthcare, while relieving some of the added costs and stress resulting from the pandemic.
Larry Merlo: And Lisa, it’s Larry, just maybe one final point on it, specific to front store sales. Keep in mind front store now represents 8%, 9% of enterprise revenues, continues to be important. And team has done a great job in terms of -- when you think about the underlying ex-COVID, the sales performance was around 2%. So, that reflects a lot of the activities that we've talked about in the past around personalization. Lisa, I think one of the things that we're seeing and learning is -- and we talked about things that are happening today that are part of today's norm. But things that will migrate from today's norms to tomorrow's everyday routines, and as you heard in our prepared remarks, we've seen a dramatic increase in home delivery. One of the questions that we've always had is, how do we increase the front store attachment rate to prescriptions? And again, we've seen a fourfold increase in terms of those prescriptions being accompanied with a front store purchase. So, we think that's an opportunity that we can capitalize on, as we begin to return to, I’ll say, a new normal environment.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Eric, it’s Larry. Maybe I'll start and ask Alan to talk more specifically on mail. I think the core and the home infusion is a great opportunity and ties back to something that we've talked about many times. When you think about, how do we provide care in the right care setting with the variables being convenience as well as cost. And our infusion nurses have made 60,000 visits since the pandemic began, which is a great example of what we're talking about in terms of -- we freed up important hospital capacity by working with the hospitals in terms of expediting discharge back into the home for those patients who needed to continue to require IV therapy, and were well enough to do that within the comfort of their home, and we're able to provide that service.  So, Eric, a lot of this goes back to the strategy that we've been talking about for the last couple of years in terms of, what we can do to make healthcare local and simple, whether it's in the community, in the home or in the palm of your hand. 
Larry Merlo: And Ann, it's Larry, maybe just one final point. Keep in mind when we talk about 19% Specialty growth that now includes the Specialty business within Ingenio in those numbers as well.
Larry Merlo: Ricky, it’s Larry. One final point I’d add, as you look forward, I think that your question around Medicaid margins is, it's really an open question at this point. Because if you go back and look at the stimulus activity out of Washington, now there's no dialogue beginning on a stimulus for and some of this is, it could really be framed as a policy question that the stimulus today has not addressed the issue of individual subsidies for COBRA as an example, acknowledging that there is going to be a relationship between what happens to the Medicaid rosters, assuming unemployment does increase to some number, versus what happens with COBRA if there are subsides applied for individuals to enroll in COBRA. So, that's something that we'll be watching closely and having discussion around.
Larry Merlo: Yes. Mike, it's a great question. And I touched on this a bit earlier that what we're seeing -- we see validating our strategy and we talked about some of the used cases that we're seeing play out and whether it's home delivery, telemedicine, and I'll touch one that absolutely is in the community and that's testing. So, Mike, when you think about, we call it our triad of care, in the community, in the home, in the palm of your hand. Think about that as what we're defining here is omni-channel for health, and each one plays a role. But as individuals, we'll need all three in terms of what we do, when we do it, and how we do it. And so back to your question, the learnings and the experience that we're seeing; number one, it validates our strategy; number two, we're working to further optimize what we're seeing to become part of an everyday routine. And I'll speak to the role of testing in the community as being an important part of diagnostics that, yes, we're focused on COVID testing today. But there's a broader universe of diagnostics and monitoring that we see becoming an important part of our HealthHUB strategy. So we're evaluating all of the products and services roadmap, and I'm sure you're going to see us accelerate some of the things that are on our drawing board as a result of what we're experiencing. 
Larry Merlo: And then George on your home delivery question. George, think about the discussions we've been having probably for the last year in terms of how do we make sure we don't leave any white space for disruption. And we started home delivery in a few markets and I think it was last fall where we expanded it coast to coast. So George you think today about, you can pick up your prescription inside the store in most of our stores through the drive-through, in the mailbox, at the front door or at the office and we're experimenting with UPS in terms of maybe on the lawn through a drone. So it's -- who do you want to be in terms of what makes the most sense for you from a convenience and access point of view in any given point in time. And when you look at our integrated model, we can satisfy all avenues of access and convenience. 
Larry Merlo: Yes, A.J., it's Larry. A.J., look, it's probably premature and a difficult comparison because to your point, a lot has changed over the last 10 to 12 years. And there are still an awful lot of uncertainties as to where we're going to be in the latter part of this year. I will say the nature of our business is to a degree recession-resistant. I wouldn't describe us as recession-proof and whether it's what you're looking at around the role of our retail asset and you think about our strategy that we've talked a lot about the triad of community home in the hand, and the fact that as you think about the provision of health care in a more challenging economic environment, cost will become a bigger issue and we believe that we have the assets and the capabilities when you think about the cost associated with care provision and the offerings that we have with our integrated model. 
Larry Merlo: And Steve, the one thing that I do want to emphasize, because I'm proud of the work that we've done at CVS and quite frankly I'm proud of the work that our industry has done. The continuity of the pharmaceutical supply chain is not something that you've seen a lot in the news and everyone has worked hard to make sure those with chronic disease are staying adherent to their medications and not compounding this problem that we have today with COVID with another problem that would just gridlock our health care system. So it's really been a job well done in that regard. 
Larry Merlo: So with that, let me just wrap up and again, we're very pleased with our underlying business performance in the quarter. We believe, as you've heard from the dialog we've had in the Q&A that our integrated innovation-driven healthcare model is proving to benefit participants across the healthcare system in these unprecedented times and it will continue to do so, both through the crisis and well into the future. And we remain focused on growing CVS as an integrated healthcare enterprise and we'll continue to invest for sustainable long-term growth. So thanks again for joining us this morning and please stay safe and healthy and we'll talk to you soon. 
Eva Boratto: Thanks, Larry. And good morning, everyone. Like Larry, I want to take this opportunity to thank all of my colleagues for their hard work, courage and dedication as we navigate this difficult time. As Larry mentioned, the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic brought about new challenges to all of us, and CVS has been adapting our business operations to support our key stakeholders. Through this pandemic, we've continued to advance our cost reduction priorities, including delivering integration synergy goals and our transformative goals to become a more digital enterprise. The rapid changes across the country in response to COVID-19 has led us to accelerate some of those initiatives.  In light of the COVID-19 uncertainty, we also took steps to enhance our liquidity and strengthen our capital. We issued 4 billion in bonds in March as a preemptive measure against cash needs in a severely adverse scenario. While this will add about 15 million additional interest expense monthly, it puts us in a strong liquidity position to weather potential crises, with access to over 5 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of March, as well as 6 billion available by issuing commercial paper we're borrowing under our backup credit facility and strong operating cash flows. Once we return to normalcy we expect to repay the incremental debt. We will also continue to prudently manage our operating expenses and will reduce our planned capital expenditures by $200 million this year. Our long-term leverage target remains unchanged and we continue to prioritize paying down our debt and maintaining our dividend with no share repurchases planned until we meet our leverage target. 
Eva Boratto: Yes, sure. So Ann on the Health Care Benefits, I would say the results are largely in line as I said before. And as you think about the results, a couple of things our operations are elevated in Q1, as we're on-boarding the growth in the Medicare business that we spoke to as well as IlliniCare and bringing that acquisition on. And recall I spoke last year to some stranded costs related to the Aetna-PDP divestiture. We're aggressively working that down as we go throughout the year. That said, I did highlight some of the pressure on the Medicaid and MBR and that certainly is something we're working through. And I’ll let Alan provide some additional color on some of the specialty initiatives.
Eva Boratto: Ricky, I think if we look at historical patterns when we’ve seen unemployment, you look back at 2008, 2009, when we saw increases in Medicaid as well. What we saw was a more healthy population come in, and we would expect to see that as well, because we've got commercial business relatively speaking healthy. So I would think the risk profile will change somewhat and skew to a healthier growth.
Eva Boratto: Hi, Justin, it's Eva, I'll take that question. I think if you look at the $0.10 benefit, and we outlined this on our Slide 19. I would think about Q1, you can see the benefit really largely coming from the Retail segment, as the Other segment really had pretty modest impact, and there's some puts and takes. And I think that as you think about the margins, the investments that we've made, and that Larry outlined, a lot of those investments are largely going to hit in Q2, given the nature of those underlying investments, so think about the benefit. There are some investments but more generally in line with underlying margins as the other investments on compensation and what have you and the additional protective gear has really, really ramped as you came towards the end of the quarter. Going back to your other question on the Retail/Long-Term Care segment, you could see year-over-year we have favorability in our underlying costs. And I'm not going to explicitly break out the legal matter. But year-over-year, we had some costs last year. We had some favorability this year. So net-net it was a positive as you look at that outside growth.
Eva Boratto: So George, I'll start with your question around the PBM. Obviously, as you look at the first quarter growth, right, it's outsized relative to how we spoke about the full year prior to COVID. But I think as you look at that in relation, right, the Q1 operating income growth is above what we would think about as a full year, given the specialty benefits that Alan spoke about earlier, disproportionately benefiting Q1, as we have the annualization of some generics and the new sales initiatives that Alan spoke about. We also had some timing related to other accruals. At the core though, specialty is performing very well. On the rebate headwind I would say we continue to manage that and the shape of the curve that I've described numerous times that 2019 was the peak, it would come down in '20 and diminish in -- or be de minimis in 2021, that continues. So that continues to be a benefit as well as just cost management and benefit from integration synergies. 
Eva Boratto: And Karen just to add to that, right, we'll look at the value that can be generated across the enterprise as we move forward. 
Eva Boratto: And Larry, if I could just add A.J as you, looking back at the past this is an unprecedented situation and so many unknowns. But as Larry highlighted, where difference is, is we have a lot of diversified assets. Karen got some questions on Medicaid. In our PBM we have a very large Medicaid. We have a very large Medicaid, you saw and you heard in Larry's prepared remarks around the health services that we're offering and expanding and accelerating some of our diagnostic testing. So there is a tremendous amount of moving pieces. And we're going to work to really drive -- to drive the business forward in these challenging times. 
Jon Roberts: Well, I mean Lisa, listen all categories are obviously down in April coming off from the peak in March and it's still very early. We have very limited data. But we are seeing that as shelter-in orders are lifting and we return our hours of operation to the normal hours, we're beginning to see sales improve. So, still early, but the early view is improving. 
Jon Roberts: Charles, this is Jon, I'll start. So we are -- I mean if you look at where most of the COVID positive cases are, we're seeing more of a significant sales impact both in the front and in the pharmacy than we see in other areas that are less impacted. But as the shelter-in-place orders are lifted, we're turning back on our marketing programs with personalization. That is a big part of our sales driving programs. We're also returning our hours of operation back to normal. So as an example 75% of our stores reduced their front store hours of operation, and it was about 12% of the hour, so returning or return those back to normal as the community is open up. In pharmacy, we did less of an hour’s reduction of about 2%. But listen, it's still very early, but we are seeing some positive trends as I said earlier. In pharmacy, we're seeing less of an impact and I think a lot of that is due to our home delivery program that Larry talked about in his remarks. But I think the biggest headwind we're seeing now in pharmacy is really around new therapy starts. So you've seen doctor visits are down and as a result of that we're seeing about 25% less or lower new therapy starts for April than we saw a year ago. So, this includes new maintenance prescriptions, as well as prescriptions for acute events. And they typically grow about 7% each year. In certain drug classes such as antibiotics new starts are down 40% to 50%. So as physicians start seeing patients, again, we expect this volume to normalize. 
Jon Roberts: And George, this is Jon. The only thing I would add to that is the reason our home delivery program was so successful as this pandemic took hold is, we have 70% of our retail customers engage digitally. So it was very easy for them to make that transition. So I think that will help us as people decide how they want to get their prescriptions in the future. 
Jon Roberts: Yes, Lance, this is Jon. I'll take telehealth and MinuteClinic. So we have the capabilities to do telehealth in MinuteClinic in every state that we operate in. And Larry spoke about the significant increase, I think it was 600% in telehealth visits. So it's going to be an integral part of how we go-to-market moving forward. And we just got some recent consumer research and that compares last year consumer sentiment to this year's consumer sentiment and this is one example, where would they prefer to get their flu vaccines? And we saw a significant uptick in consumers that are interested in getting their flu vaccines in their local pharmacy as opposed to the doctor's office. So it's a good example how MinuteClinic will be able to provide services like that plus telehealth and provide the convenience and choice that consumers are looking for. 
Jon Roberts: Yes Lance, we actually have both where the telehealth is integrated with MinuteClinic as well as telehealth with physician is accessed through our digital applications. And we talked about the percent increase, anything about 60,000 telehealth engagements on a daily basis, which is a dramatic increase as well. And it's not just one of the things we were looking at. Is it COVID related? And the answer is no, we're seeing an increase in, I'll say PCP utilization as well as an increase in, let's call it, behavioral health concerns and other type of specialist services. So we do believe that it plays a complementary role to what we're doing with our HealthHUBs and it brings us right back to community home in hand. 
Jon Roberts: And then, Steve, this is John. We saw a lot of 30 to 90-day conversions in March in Pharmacy, so that did take some prescriptions out of the April pipeline. And I would say when I talked about the new therapy starts being down, I think that is -- we think about it as being in line with physician visit. So as physician offices start open and patients start coming back we expect that volume to normalize. 
Alan Lotvin: So Eric, it’s Alan Lotvin. I'll add a couple of points. One, on home delivery, we've seen an increase in home delivery in mail but I think when you think about mail and the power of enterprise, we have the ability to bring prescriptions to people's home not only through traditional mail, but also as Jon talked about through home delivery from retail and that's also up dramatically. And the last point I would make is that as we talked about the early view into what we're seeing, with mail and specialty in April, we're not seeing the same patterns of decline that we're seeing in the retail network.
Alan Lotvin: So on the specialty side, Ann, we’ve expanded a program we call Specialty Expedite, which is a way to simplify the process of getting prescriptions sorted for both physicians and patients, in short of time. It has been very well accepted in the provider community. We continue to refine Specialty Connect, our approach to allowing patients to pick up or drop off prescriptions. Specialty prescriptions at retail is a very, very popular approach. Again, resonates very strongly in the provider community. And we really continue to drive our digital adoption and the ability to interact with our Specialty members via text and secure messaging, which again creates just a tailwind for us as we work more closely with these patients.
Alan Lotvin: So I'll jump in, it’s Alan, on the new business question. So I'll first talk about retention. As Eva mentioned, we were about 70%, a little over 70% of the way through our own book, we're at a 97% to 98% retention rate. So we're very happy with that. With respect to new business, we'll talk more about that next quarter. But I will tell you that RFP activity is consistent with what we've seen over the last few years. We have not seen much of a slowdown. Obviously, I can't predict what's going to happen as we get towards the end of the year. But as of now, we're seeing roughly consistent what we've seen in the last two weeks. 
Karen Lynch: Hi, Eric, it’s Karen. In April, pre-auth, we saw almost a 40% decline in prior authorization. And in utilization it's down 30% through April. I would tell you that as states are opening up, however, we  uptick in pre-auth and pre-cert but not dramatic increases yet.
Karen Lynch: Hey, Ricky. It's Karen. Relative to your first question on the pressures being in Medicaid. There's really two factors. One is, there we had a longer flu season that impacted Medicaid. And the second was really around some unusually high cost claimants in the Medicaid business. Relative to the Medicaid business on a go forward basis, it's a little early to tell. We are working very closely with our Medicaid states. We expect to see obviously improved enrollment in Medicaid, as we continue to see unemployment increase over time, and we haven't had any states come back and cut rates on us yet, but obviously we would manage to -- our medical costs and our operating expenses to try to maintain those single margins as appropriate.
Karen Lynch: Hi, Ralph, it's Karen. Relative to membership, we lost two very large folks in labor cases and they were fully insured cases, which is really reflecting the decrease in overall membership. And on a year-over-year basis as you know, we have been -- we also have a decline -- a small decline in small group. And as you know we've been pushing on small group to move it from insurer to ASO. We continue to see those trends. Relative to the question on unemployment in the last six weeks, we do expect to see declines in the latter half of the year. We already are seeing some membership decline in April in our commercial book as a result of the economic downturn. However, we are seeing an increase in our Medicaid membership as well in April. So that's really what we're doing. But we do except depending on what how this plays out and the duration of this, that we'll continue to see decreases in our commercial book.
Karen Lynch: The exchanges, as you know we are -- exchanges today, it's something that we’re continuing to evaluate and we'll continue to look at it, we obviously won’t be in 2021. 
Karen Lynch: COVID had minimal impact on the quarter. So if you look at that loss ratio it's minimal. Obviously, it will have a big impact in April as we're continuing to see state utilizations up. 
Karen Lynch: Yes, when we do that today we obviously will price the whole case and we'll look at the whole case and price it to get a margin that we want to get on that total case. So we would not necessarily subsidize the month or the other. We look at the whole case and what we want write it at. 
Karen Lynch: Hi Steve, it's Karen. Let me just -- I'll give you some of the pieces in April relative to utilization. We saw Pharmacy about flat. We saw in-patient down over 30%; outpatient was down about 25% and our physicians were down almost 35%. And then all other, which would be our lab and our radiology and health science and services they were down about almost 50%. So in this case you could have a broad array of the pieces that contributed to the 30% reduction in utilization. 
