Shawn Guertin: Yes, so I think the easiest way to sort of think about that is largely what’s being sort of pulled through here is the prior year development that we experienced in the first quarter less the realize capital losses. And just to be clear on that, we talked in my remarks about $75 million of realized capital losses. About $60 million of that was in HCB. So the net of those two things is right around $180 million, and that’s really the guidance increase. To round out the story though, as mentioned, we now have incorporated the fourth booster for the specific populations that it has been recommended for, so that’s going to be a cost item, obviously, for HCB. But as you saw, we’ve had strong volume growth and excellent kind of performance sort especially post January as Omicron faded on that side. So the biggest thing is the prior year development and the realized capital losses, but we should have ongoing strength from volume that should be able to absorb the cost of the fourth booster.
Shawn Guertin: Yes, I’ll talk little bit about the M&A specifically on this and Lisa, I certainly understand your question and I want to be careful because different people will define large different ways, I think we’ve been pretty clear. We’re not talking about a jumbo acquisition here. We’re talking about a capability-based acquisition. At some size but not necessarily anything jumbo. We have been very active in this space. We’ve evaluated a range of assets in and around the care delivery space, I will remind you most of this assets aren’t out for sale and so that dialogues start to process. Our priority areas remain primary care and MSO capability and the home health capability. These assets will serve as the foundation of the platform, which will pursue our strategic vision. So it’s essential that we fully evaluate their defining characteristics and capabilities. And so while the valuation environment continues to present it’s own sets of challenges, I’m cautiously optimistic with our ability to begin to execute on our strategic plan in ‘22.
Shawn Guertin: Yes, so we remain committed to achieving those EPS targets for ‘23 and ‘24 and we are certainly off to a good start in doing that and as it pertains maybe more immediately to ‘23. While we are not providing specific guidance as it’s sort of too early, there is a lot of moving parts, but to your point, I understand why the question is being answered when you think about macro factors like COVID and the uncertainty about the future testing and treatment protocols there, as well as all of the macro economic factors that are work right now in the market. When I think about ‘23 at this very early stage and sort of think about our businesses, I do think there is certainly some headwinds, but there is also a lot of tailwinds in PSS, we’re having a very good retention season. The sales season is still in progress there, but we have the tailwinds of specialty, specialty generics and biosimilars, and there is a lot of good things happening there that I expect to continue into the future. On HCB, obviously, we expect some loss in Medicaid as the redeterminations kick in. But we have as good a momentum as we’ve had in a long time in commercial. We have a strong individual MA franchise. The group MA business is always about jumbo accounts, and so we have some of those that are up for renewal. But we will also have our ongoing exchange expansion. But maybe most importantly for that business is the outlook on margin. And we’ve had actually a really good start here with excellent baseline development and I would point out that in light of the macroeconomic conditions today, much of our ‘23 pricing is still yet to be set. The question, obviously, we get a lot about ‘23 ends up kind of pointing off in at retail. And so I think it’s worth spending a few minutes there. Many like to model COVID going to zero for retail, and that’s a convenient modeling assumption. But I think a very highly unlikely outcome for 2023 as we move from pandemic to endemic. We have a very strong testing and treatment franchise there as well. We’ve had particular strength in the front of the store, both OTC COVID testing, as well as other categories. Our CarePass membership is up 33% year-over-year to 6 million members. And while in the pharmacy reimbursement pressure continues, it has stabilized and moderated a bit in 2022. We will continue to do all we can to reduce that pressure further. But we’re also going continue to combat this by trying to increase volume and reducing costs. We took share again in retail pharmacy. In other words, we’re growing faster than the market. This is probably at least the eighth quarter in a row that, that’s happened. We’re implementing buy online, pick up in store, which should help increase volume overall, both in the front and potentially the back. We’re well positioned for omni-channel pharmacy, which can both help volume but also give us new ways to fulfill customers’ prescriptions, and in so doing, potentially have efficient, cost-efficient way to fulfill that customer. In ‘23 will be the second year of our store closures, and so far in 2022, those are going at or better than expected in terms of the of stores and the script retention we’re having. And as always we are going to aggressively push on the cost of goods sold. Maybe most importantly, though, as we think about the next couple of years, I continue to feel very positive about our significant capacity to deploy capital and you will recall that our ‘23 guidance only assumes that we repurchased shares enough to offset dilution. So, this is a lever that not only helps advance our strategy, but it’s also a lever that can be used to deliver on our EPS targets as well.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. I think it’s probably a comparable sort of set when you think about things like basket size and whatnot, but it’s been more of a frequency.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. Steven, we’ve seen that volume come up a little bit. And for the most part, that business has tracked with our expectations this year, but I certainly wouldn’t characterize it as an inflection point or anything like that. It’s definitely been recovering from its bottom during COVID and has more or less been consistent with expectations this year.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. It’s – obviously, we had a very strong quarter. There are some dynamics in the quarter year-over-year that have to do with sort of the vaccine program starting last year, and we had very high expense levels last year in the vaccine business, and that’s obviously been fine-tuned now. So year-over-year, despite the fact that vaccine volumes were down, which I think is a little bit of the gross margin question answer. We actually did better kind of bottom line wise because of sort of the G&A components and some of the reimbursement has changed over that period of time, too. Testing, again, that’s probably been down sort of year-over-year. But overall, we probably had a contribution towards growth of a couple of hundred million from COVID in Q1. The other dynamics, I think we are – we had a light kind of cold and flu season, right. So, there was that going on both in the front store and the back of the store. But again, script growth was good, there was nothing particularly surprising on the reimbursement side. The front store was good across sort of a broader set of categories than just OTC. In fairness, last year’s first quarter ‘21 was still probably somewhat depressed because of what was going on. But overall, the metrics looked good.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. And it’s been an interesting dynamic, right? When we set out on this journey, some of these companies were valued at 7x to 8x revenue, right. And now they have – and that probably wasn’t right, right. But now some of them have regressed to maybe one or two, and that may not be completely correct either. So, I mean the answer is the longer this persists, right. The greater this becomes sort of the reality upon which people make some decisions. And so I would say sort of directionally, yes. But it still remains challenging given sort of the memories of where some of these values were.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. So, the – let me just sort of talk a little bit about what our COVID expectations are. And the answer to your question eventually will be that’s probably in the neighborhood, albeit we have gotten there with a little bit different path now with the fourth booster. We expect now about 18 million vaccines for 2022, including the provision for the fourth booster for the defined populations. This would be a decline of about 70% versus 2022. Testing, excluding OTC, is expected to be down 50% plus or minus. And the OTC test will be in the same neighborhood, maybe a little bit higher. But overall, that’s going to probably produce a contribution year-over-year. That’s down 60%, 65% on COVID. And if you do the math, you are not going to be far off your number. A lot of that contribution maybe half-ish is in the first quarter of this year and it is more back end loaded than back end loaded going forward. And again, to some extent, the jury’s out in an endemic situation in terms of where we will go with additional boosters, testing and test to treat and things like that. So, there is more to play out as in terms of how that ripples out in the second half of this year, but into next year. For HCB, the picture is more nuanced in the sense that we are now 3 years removed from our 2019 base line. But maybe most importantly, we have now been able to reflect the COVID expenses in product pricing. And so as I mentioned in my remarks, overall cost trends came in consistent or slightly better versus our trended baseline, which, while I am not going to declare victory prematurely, that’s a very encouraging result, both for ‘22 and potentially ‘23 as well. I think what this means for ‘23, though is I think we have to return to how we have traditionally looked at this business, which is by matching price increases with expected cost trends and managing revenue growth and operating margin levels.
Shawn Guertin: I think that probably assumes some leverage ratio that’s a little bit higher than where we are today, but still consistent with sort of our investment-grade rating strategy. But I think that ballpark is in the neighborhood.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. So what I would say A.J., on this is we certainly remain committed to delivering the EPS target for 2024. And what we described at the Investor Day was a pathway to sort of get there with an M&A contribution. And I certainly wouldn’t step away from that yet. But it was a pathway and inevitably, pieces of that pathway might be different. And I am not sort of abdicating the number that we won’t get the earnings contribution, but I do want to go back to the capital point that if we were hypothetically in that position, capital continues to be a lever that we can use. You recall at Investor Day, when you just looked at the pure capital, if we did just sort of deploy all that capital, you can get on top of these numbers. So, it’s – this is about longer term strategic positioning that we are doing. And again, I think it’s important that we do the right deal for us and for the strategy. And I am going to do everything in my power to make sure that we can satisfy both commitments. But I also want to make sure we do the right deal because it’s that important for our future.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. And I would say in the quarter, mainly, I think because we made wage moves last year, I don’t think we felt a lot of pinch, but the one obviously the one place that we did see it is actually a result of the kind of cousin of inflation, and that’s interest rates and some of the losses that – realized capital losses that we took in the portfolio related to that. And that will be something to keep in mind going forward. We have a $20 billion plus fixed income portfolio that has moved from about $1 billion gain position, unrealized gain position at the end of the year to approximately $1 billion unrealized loss position. And there is always some element of portfolio turnover and management during the year. So, that’s something that I think will continue to monitor closely. As you mentioned, I mean as we think forward, there is a potential across all of our businesses for both the labor and G&A aspects, but I think as I have thought about this it’s the cost of goods sold aspect that I have – we have certainly thought about a lot. I would remind everyone that historically higher inflation has also driven a higher top line, particular in the HCB, in the PSS businesses. From a COGS standpoint, I wouldn’t say we are seeing it show up in pharmacy yet, ‘22 I think we are in very good shape as most of our contracts are all locked down in HCB. Our average HCB contract is about 3 years in duration. And so obviously, some number of those will be coming up for ‘23. But I will also point our one of my earlier comments, that we still have a lot of pricing leverage on 2023 and will certainly fully reflect our thinking on inflation as we think about forward pricing. On retail, obviously, we will be watching that as well, but it is a dynamic that can actually help frankly with our membership programs and also make our store brands more attractive relative to other products. So, there are certainly a lot of fingers of this, but I do think we are looking at this kind of thoroughly and thinking about all the levers we can pull to mitigate the impact.
Shawn Guertin: On PSS, to your point, I think when you looked at our first quarter results, and this is something we anticipated, but we did have a very successful growth season, and a very successful welcome season. And we did staff to sort of create that positive experience for our new customers. So, expense levels are certainly a little bit higher in Q1 than sort of the run rate for the rest of the year. There is some movement, but the rest of the year, the quarters are generalized sort of in the same neighborhood as each other for the rest of the year. Alan mentioned before from a 340B standpoint, we are largely assuming a flat year-over-year contribution. So, a lot of the increases are coming sort of from the core elements of the business, kind of around growth and specialty and things like that.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. I mean it certainly emanates in some ways, right from the strength of our ongoing ability to generate sort of deployable capital. And I want to make sure people understand that. It’s less that it’s something that we are going to rush out to do than it is to fully understand the strength of that capital, and the fact that, that remains a lever that we can pull over time and in some ways, has the potential to be a safety net from year-to-year given just the normal fluctuations of the business.
Alan Lotvin: Michael, it’s Alan. A very timely question. So I would say that our customers are anxiously awaiting the biosimilar kind of way that’s really starting in ‘23 and continues through most of this decade. What they are looking to us to do is to deliver to them strategies, plan designs, programs, approaches that lower their net cost of product. And they are very willing to entertain. I’m not going to say whatever it takes, but they are very willing to entertain the approaches needed to drive to the lowest net cost. And so as you pointed out, there are products that will be interchangeable, so that will be substitutable. The manufacturer pricing strategies aren’t an entirely set yes. So it’s – one would say it’s not quite clear exactly how that’s going to come to fruition, but we are very, very confident that the biosimilars will be an important contributor to our continued success in lowering specialty trend and overall trend for our customers. And as we’ve said many times, generally, when we create that sort of value, our customers are happy to pay us for it.
Alan Lotvin: So it’s Alan, Michael. So 340B, obviously, the way I would think about 340B is think about it as a volume discussion, right? So subsequent to when we put guidance out last year, there were a number of I would – I guess I would phrase it as the manufacturers continuing to write their own regulations and deciding what they were and weren’t going to apply pricing to. And so that reduced the volume. So when the volume goes down, by covered entities make less money, which is the entire reason for the existence of the 340B program, our clients don’t have access to lower-cost drugs well partner. Our third-party administrator doesn’t have the volume to reprocess claims and our dispensing pharmacies don’t earn the dispensing fees. So that’s when volume goes down. What we’ve now seen going into the first quarter of 2022 is that manufacturers have articulated the conditions by which they will open up contract pharmacy, 340B pricing for covered entities. So that volume comes back. Now there is a timing issue, right, how fast to covered entities make the decisions they need to make, what are the restrictions that are placed on it. So – and then there is an ultimate volume, which manufacturers decide to do. So within all of those variability. So as the volume comes back, covered entities make money, our clients save money well partner has more volume to process. So within all of the totality, we’re estimating basically flat in the program year-over-year, which is sort of our best thinking right now.
Alan Lotvin: So, Eric, it’s Alan. The volume growth is off of the kind of depressed base from the actions that the manufacturers took, right. So, it’s not year-over-year volume growth. It’s just a kind of a recovery of the volume. And so that’s the first thing I would say. The second thing is, ultimately, the decision about whether or not they supply data to the manufacturers is up to COVID entities. And so they will work with us and tell us when they are or aren’t ready to turn the program back on and under what conditions.
Karen Lynch: Yes, A.J., on inflation, obviously, we are incredibly mindful of this topic. And as you know, the U.S. hasn’t seen these kinds of inflationary pressures in decades. There are some aspects of inflation that impact – that could be very positive to us. But as we think about each business and inflation, there is varying reaction to inflation. And I will ask Shawn to kind of go through a little bit of those details by each of those businesses to give you a firmer view of what it looks like.
Karen Lynch: And A.J. on your labor question, obviously, we continue, like everyone else to experience a very tight labor market. But as I mentioned in prepared remarks when we are closing stores we have been able to retain those retail, which has been really helping us out in those locations. We also had very strong retention across our business, and we have been very successful in hiring some of the key areas in our company like digital and tech and analytics. So – and the other thing I would just say is we are very pleased with that, more than half of our hires are diverse and are reflecting the communities that we serve.
Karen Lynch: I want to thank you all for joining our call today, and just leave you a few comments. As you can see, we – our team continues to execute. We entered into 2022 with very powerful momentum and strong growth across all of our businesses. We remain confident we will continue that momentum for the remainder of the year and beyond. And we look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. Thanks for joining the call.
