Larry Merlo: Okay. Thank you Dave. And let me just wrap-up with a reminder that all the ongoing changes that we are seeing in the healthcare environment are certainly creating unique opportunities for CVS Caremark and our unmatched model in innovative solutions make us well positioned to capitalize on these opportunities and we believe create a sustainable competitive advantage. And our management team remains laser focused on driving enterprise growth while enhancing shareholder value. So with that let’s go ahead and open it up for your questions.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Charles this is Larry. Let me just start and then I’ll ask Jon to jump in here. But I think as we have alluded to in our prepared remarks specialty patients are dealing with complex issues and again as we heard last month at our client forum, our clients are more focused than they have ever been on managing this trend without compromising care. And the private market has solutions that have proven to be successful and there is an acceptance and a growing interest in terms of bringing some of those tools to that they’ve been successful on the traditional side of pharmacy to specialty. And in addition to that we talked about some examples this morning where we believe we have unique integrated products that even take that one step further. So our goal is to bring these tools to the entire specialty market HepC just becomes one of those categories. So Jon why don’t you….
Larry Merlo: And Charles, the only thing I would add is that among clients there has been a growing interest formulary management. And I think as you are aware we have seen that competitors introduce very similar strategies and we introduced our formulary programs some three years ago, so we think it’s a real opportunity to drive down cost.
Larry Merlo: Bob I will start and Dave May want to jump in here as well. But we haven’t seen anything out of the ordinary that we have been anticipated or comprehended in our outlook. And on the branded side I think that the trends there have been very similar to what we have seen in prior years. And in the generic market, there has been -- we’ve seen some price increases, but it’s relatively off of -- it’s a small number off our entire book of business and really not material in our results.
Larry Merlo: Yes Ross, its Larry. Let me start and then I think others will jump in here as well. I think that the ticket to the game is you still got to be right on price and you got to have demonstrated high levels of service performance. And I think that once you get the ticket to entry from that, I do think many of the elements that you mentioned and some that we alluded to in our prepared remarks, become differentiators where the client can check the box there and in some cases, there is not a competing offering. And I think tobacco is another one of those items that you check the box on, recognizing that there is more and more and growing evidence in terms of the cost of tobacco in overall healthcare costs and the desire of health plans and employer sponsor coverage to begin to curve the costs associated with that. And I think in many cases, they see us as leading the way to bring solutions to that.
Larry Merlo: Yes. Ross, we’ve been -- I guess it’s been just under a year since we’ve been operating and operated results have been in line with our expectations. And we remain focused on learning from our international operations. We’ve got several pilots that are underway that are allowing us to bring expertise to the market and at the same time understand which of our capabilities can work in Brazil, we’ve seen good results from those tests. And today, we’ve got I think it’s 47 stores. We want to take accelerate that growth in future years, both organically as well as inorganic. And as we’ve stated in the past and as Dave alluded to, we will take a disciplined approach to our international expansion plans.
Larry Merlo: John, I think there is and I think that the significance around the Coram acquisition was our ability to not just manage the specialty drug but to manage the specialty patient holistically. And the infusion component was kind of that missing piece of the puzzle that would allow us to do that. So we are very excited about the capabilities that we have. And we touched on some of the unique offerings that we can bring to market. And that combined with just the anticipated growth in the specialty market, I think that we are in a very good place.
Larry Merlo: Yes, John. Let me take the first part of that and then I’ll flip it over to Helena to talk more about the personalization strategy. John when you think about the opportunities at a very high level of retail, our ability to from an operating margin point of view okay. Our ability to pump more volume through our box is what the key driver is there, and especially when you think about the pharmacy opportunities acknowledging the fixed costs that exist, not just with the bricks and mortar, but the cost of the pharmacies. So I think that many of our strategies and our thought processes with that in mind. And then I’ll ask Helena to talk a little more about the personalization strategies as it relates to the front end business.
Larry Merlo: And John as we alluded to in our comments, I mean obviously we would like our front store comps to be better and I think as I have talked about on past calls, there is a balance there, it’s a little bit of art and science and we’ll continue to work to innovate to find that sweet spot there, but I think that again as you heard from my earlier remarks, our goal is to create a sustainable front end strategy and quite frankly we think there are elements of the current promotional market place that are sustainable for the long-term.
Larry Merlo: Well, Scott, I’ll start and other may want to jump in here. Okay I actually thing that, if I can use a baseball analogy that we’re I actually think that we’re probably in the second inning in the nine inning game. I mean I think that we’re doing some things that you don’t see in the marketplace largely driven by plan design for our PBM clients and their members, but I think there is so much more that we can do, and that’s what our team and I’d say teams because it’s not just the retail focus it’s an enterprise focus when you think about our retail offerings and how that intersects with our PBM offerings and plan design as well as MinuteClinic.
Larry Merlo: Well, Scott, I think it goes back to the question John asks. So I think ultimately it’s generating more volume through the box. Okay, and that’s what we’ll see the biggest ROI.
Larry Merlo: Well, Lisa, I think that’s hard, I mean, we look at the I guess, the season opportunities more based in terms of the RFPs that are out in market and as you will know RFPs are not all April as you look at volume.
Larry Merlo: I mean, I think that one other questions that we always get as how much business to we have up for renewal, and we see it has kind of normal renewal season less FEP. And I think we’ve said on past calls, we had $16 billion to $17 billion up for renewal and again that excludes FEP. But I think that again as people compare this year to last year recognizing the last year was down year from RFP activity, the marketplace is very active at this point in time.
Larry Merlo: Okay, let me start and again others may jump in, but the as we have said in the past that we did not, we don’t see traditional mail as a growth driver, we saw that slowing okay, and one of the drivers behind that is payer mix shifts as more business migrates into the Medicare and Medicaid segments. The traditional drivers of mail just don’t exist within those government programs, and I think we are beginning to see that.
Larry Merlo: And Peter keep in mind that when we are talking about basket size, it is just the front end basket and does not encompass, anything in, excuse me, in the pharmacy.
Larry Merlo: Mark, the only other point I want to emphasize is back to the first part of your question is that I think the data is powerful here and showing clients whether it’s a health plan and employer, the cost savings opportunities is an important part of the story.
Larry Merlo: Yes, David I mean we are doing a number of point of sales lab testing today, whether in A1C, we’ve piloted some testing for some other disease baits, we’re, there is a lot of technology out there, the technology in that space is moving very quickly and we’re evaluating what is in the marketplace, and I think it’s not a question of if that’s more question of when and finding the technology that we believe is right for MinuteClinic.
Larry Merlo: No, I think we are thinking about it as, lab testing that’s done in the store that really satisfies the goal of increasing the services that we can provide around the management of chronic disease.
Larry Merlo: Well John, it’s Larry, I mean I think as I mentioned, in 2013 we saw the specialty trend at approach I think it was just a tick under 16%. And we have a variety of models that we share with clients that if left unmanaged that trend is going to be in the high teens and I’ll flip it over to Jon because he has got a very nice presentation for our clients to show by adopting all of these various programs, what the trend could ultimately come down to.
Larry Merlo: John, I think in Jon’s presentation at the client forum I think there was one of those aha moments for our client that recognizing that over the last several years, the influx of generics has been a key driver to bringing the cost trend pretty flat. And a reality that is we migrate post ‘15 and generic centering the marketplace while they’re still there it is slower rate than historical averages that they’re going to have to do some things differently and think about things differently. And they appreciate the fact that we’re thinking about those things for them and bringing them solutions.
Larry Merlo: Yes. There is a tie between patients who utilize the MinuteClinic typically when a prescription is written at MinuteClinic is 95% plus of the time filled at CVS pharmacy something like that. I would say that MinuteClinic is still relatively small in the grand scheme of as it relates to CVS pharmacy, so it is not a major contribution of script comp growth, but it is a nice compliment to our business. And quite honestly we don’t really think about MinuteClinic as it relates to the front although there is probably some hallow into the front of our business as well.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Bob good morning, in terms of I think you will see in our queue later today that we did receive subpoena from the U.S. attorney’s office for the district of Rhode Island, request to documents concerning some drugs very similar to one of our competitors as it relates to feeds and rebates and obviously we’re cooperating fully on that matter. We have not received the subpoena from the Department of Labor. And then on your first question we do not have any plans to get into the oxygen space. We have that opportunity when you look at the Coram acquisition it was part of Apria and we purchased the infusion and the investor kept the oxygen business. Durable medical, I think we continue to explore what options we may have. We do a little bit of that today and I think it’s something that continues to be on our radar screen that can we do it in an effective fashion, when I say effective I am thinking of convenience of the patient in mind as well as obviously the economics as it relates to the business.
Larry Merlo: Okay, thanks Bob. Well, so appreciate everyone’s time this morning. It was a long call, but we want us to get to everyone’s questions and if there is any follow-up Nancy and her team will be available and again thanks for your ongoing interest in CVS Caremark.
Jon Roberts: Yes, okay. And Charles, Sovaldi is about $80,000 per 12 weeks of therapy. We do have prior authorization programs in place today to ensure appropriate utilization. And I think the most important thing is we’re expecting new drugs and to the marketplace in the fourth quarter that will create competition and allow us to leverage our formulary capabilities that we introduced three years ago very successfully. So it is getting a lot of attention, I agree with Larry that the tools that we have can appropriately manage this and we’re expecting to be able to leverage those as new drugs come to the marketplace. As far as our Part D plan, there is usage in there and we expect that to continue but we do have protection in the risk quarters. So we expect the impact to be minimal for this year.
Jon Roberts: Well, Charles, how we leverage our formulary strategy is, formulary placement access to the drugs for our clients and their members and we negotiate with pharma rebates that those past back to our clients and reduced the cost of that drug, the gross cost that you see they get a rebate on top of that and reduces the ultimate price of that they pay. So that’s how it works, we have done it, with specialty growth homeowners is a good example and we have been very successful and that will expand to other categories and HepC is a very good example of how we will expand that moving forward.
Jon Roberts: Yes Ross, this is Jon. Let me just add that we feel very good about our positioning in the marketplace. So, our service levels are strong, Larry talked about that in his opening remarks. Our differentiated capabilities are resonating in the marketplace, like maintenance choice, what we’re able to do with MinuteClinic, what we’re able to with specialty. Specialty is clearly our client’s top priority. And we talk about our capabilities with Specialty Connect, NovoLogix and Accordant as an example. I will tell you that as I sit in front of clients, tobacco always comes up, and they applaud our move. And I think it’s just another intangible that as they’re making decisions around which provider they want to go with, they feel really good about a company that’s made a move like that. And then the last question you asked about was platform; that does not come up in our client meetings. They’re on a platform, they’re on one platform; it’s really a non-issue for them, it’s an internal opportunity for us around efficiency and productivity.
Jon Roberts: And John, this is Jon. So, with the Coram acquisition, with the NovoLogix acquisition, when you think about specialty pharmacy, half of the spend is on the pharmacy side which PBMs have traditionally managed. We have essentially doubled the size of the pie. With those assets we can now participate in specialty pharmacy across both pharmacy and medical. And we’ve built out our specialty strategy really across three pillars, cost; quality; and access. And we have solutions; the marketplace is looking for solutions. This is our top priority. And we believe that our assets will allow us to disproportionately grow in this area.
Jon Roberts: Hey Scott, this is Jon. I mean let me bring what Larry talked about for life. So there is, we have a client that’s health plan that has a focus on the primary care medical homes. And so we’re connecting into their technology platform, our PBM services, our stores, our MinuteClinics and Coram and we’re able to work with the primary care doctor and message patients message the providers message the pharmacy message the MinuteClinics with the goal of being all align to influencing that number in a way that ultimately reduces overall costs. So we positioned ourselves as an integral part of the healthcare network, leveraging our assets and our technology capabilities. So I think that’s a very good example of how the assets all come together in interplay.
Jon Roberts: I think, it’s hard to say. Clearly you see the manage care business come out early in the season, so we have seen that and we are just now beginning to see the employer business come to the markets. So and activity is tracking essentially to what we saw couple of years ago, so I’d probably think about it in those terms.
Jon Roberts: And Dane, Jon again. But we are seeing our mail, the Maintenance Choice volume grow at retail, while not enough to offset what we’re seeing at mail. So, we do think as we look at, we’ve about $17 million lives on our Maintenance Storage program, we have talked about the opportunity to grow that to $34 million lives. So, we still think it is an opportunity to grow. Larry talked about the mix shift difference and specifically about our PDP plans, Part D plans have very low mail penetration. So, it’s really not a factor here.
Jon Roberts: Yeah, Mark this is Jon. So that’s essentially it. So if a payer allows it to be paid under the medical benefit and its build that way it goes through. They do have the ability to say we are not going to allow that to be paid under the medical benefit, it has to be moved over the pharmacy benefit and the value proposition there is lowering cost of goods. So we think it’s an opportunity for the marketplace and again we feel like our assets position us to help our clients find ways to save money in this rapidly growing area.
Jon Roberts: Yes, it’s interesting when you look at Coram, they have people out in 1,200 hospitals across the country and they essentially recruit patients one at a time. We believe the opportunity is very fragmented market working with payers to reduce the infusion network on a more volume through Coram. And there is a value proposition there for the payer. And it’s not just in drug cost but it’s we can help get patients out of the hospital faster, because of our capabilities to do many of the procedures at home versus in the hospital and we could also help to reduce readmission rates. And so as we have been out in the market place, payers are very interested in these capabilities. And I think very open to skinning down those infusion networks which means more volume through Coram.
Jon Roberts: Yes. And Ricky, so we have not heard a lot of activity in Sovaldi from payers around narrowing the network, most of the activity is around making sure which patient should be placed on the medication. And really, the biggest opportunity to lower the cost for Sovaldi is going to be around formulary management. And that will happen in the fourth quarter, when these new drugs come to the market, and there is more competition in the Hep-C class.
Jon Roberts: Yes and John so we think we can actually get a double-digit trend like that down to almost flat. And there are programs that we have such as advantaged control specialty formulary that we can reduce trend by 1.5%. Medical claims averaging and repricing that can bring it down 2.5%, side of care medical carve out that can bring it down 3.6%. I will go to all of them, but there is numerous programs that we have that we’ve been building over the last several years that can take these high trend rates in specialty and really make a huge impact on them, I mean get them down to almost zero if they adopted everything.
Jon Roberts: That’s a good question and at our client forum I spend some time to actually talking to our clients about how they should begin to think about their pharmacy benefit because if you look at utilization being somewhere in the 2% to 3% range moving forward you see inflation overall across their book being somewhere in the 7.5% range. You see the generic pipeline subsiding as an example. So we think that trend overall can be somewhere in the 6% to 10% range of unmanaged, and obviously we’re encouraging them to adopt strategy such as more aggressive formularies, narrower networks to bring those, to bring that trend down. And it’s interesting, the marketplace, I think is very open to these types of solutions that have been developed.
Jon Roberts: Yeah, sure, Meredith. There is really two things, one is we also posted very aggressive growth rates from an earnings perspective so that obviously helps free cash flow yield. But secondly, as we continue to push on our working capital, I would say Meredith there is not kind of one program that we have there, that’s driving all that. We continue to push on AR and AP. I think as we have talked about in the past probably our biggest opportunity continues to be to enhance our inventory position, from a supply chain perspective within the retail stores. If you look and you try to compare our performance with kind of the, I will our top performance in the marketplace, we still have anywhere from the $1.5 billion to $2 billion of inventory that I think we can get out of the pipeline overtime. And the team is working on that today. There is not one silver bullet to that. It’s going to be a lot of little changes that we need to do to really enhance I would say our safety stock as opposed to really dramatically changing our SKU count in the stores, if you look at it from that perspective.
Dave Denton: Yes. I’ll just add just a bit to that more around the generic side. As we look at it from a generic marketplace, there is a lot of generic capacity in the marketplace today and there is a lot of generic competition. So, as we think about it long-term, we think there is a lot of opportunity remaining in our book of business to continue to drive down our cost of goods sold and we’re doing that both on our own, but importantly here in the next several periods beginning to do that through our joint venture with Cardinal Health.
Dave Denton: Ross, this is Dave. I’ll kick it off and then I’ll ask Larry to chime in here. As you pointed out, we’re fortunate, the fact that we have a very robust cash flow generation organization in a sense that we’ll throw awful lot of cash, both this year but more importantly over the next several years. As you said, we’ve been very focused on the fact of using that cash to put it to use in the most effective manner to drive shareholder value. And we have -- we still have opportunities, importantly to increase our dividends to do meaningful share buybacks. But importantly we can also add to and invest in to our business when it makes sense. And there is opportunities, both here in the states, but also opportunities elsewhere around the globe. And I’ll ask Larry to transition into maybe a conversation around what we’re seeing in Brazil at this point in time.
Dave Denton: And maybe I’ll just close on the statement that as you look at the specialty market, we’re plugging ourselves into payers and to capturing more share of the payer spend, but we’re also importantly plugging ourselves into the patients and using our Specially Connect, our retail and MinuteClinic assets to capture more wealth in market and all of that from an environment perspective is being fueled yet again by new products over the next several years coming in the marketplace, as that will further drive utilization in this category.
Dave Denton: Dane, this is Dave. That’s a little different for us. You think about the economics of let’s say a 90 day maintenance prescription be that at mail or at retail. They carry the same economics for us. So, we’re truly financially agnostic to that. And what’s nice about our models as we plug into payers and as we work with patients, we can give them that opportunity at the same economics as a I’ll say mandatory program pushing them into a channel that they may not chose to utilize.
Dave Denton: Yes. This is Dave. I think the team does a pretty good job of annualizing kind of by market and understanding where we quite frankly have stores that are on limited hours or stores that are closed and/or whether a severe weather, whether we can see the traffic patterns. And so I think we can do it kind of by day, by store. And so it’s not we can’t 100% lock that down but I think the team does a pretty good job of kind of analyzing that and that’s why we give you a little bit of the range in the commentary we’ve provided today.
Dave Denton: Hey this is Dave. I’ll start and then I’ll ask Helena to chine in. Just I want to be clear on the tobacco category and as we exited while we will come up with ways to use that space. There is unlike, that product line. As you know the tobacco category at least from a financial metrics perspective is very productive. So with that maybe I’ll turn it to Helena.
Dave Denton: This is Dave. Maybe I’ll start here. Clearly we’re working a pretty aggressively right now with both folks from CVS as well as folks from Cardinal to get the joint venture up and running. We still have a little bit of work to make that happened. So I think the teams are working very collaboratively to make it happen productively. I do think that it is probably just a little too early to provide too much color on that. I will think it’s important that, we’re going to figure out ways and which we get the joint venture up and running that we’re going to partner with generic manufactures that working to create win-win scenarios for them. And you could imagine that some of that would happened quickly I think some of that could happened overtime. So the cadence of an improvement I think it’s probably too early to give us much color to at this point.
Dave Denton: Ricky, this is Dave. We don’t provide that level of detail at this point of time. I would say that, just as Jon maybe indicated earlier today in his remarks around how we manage specialty, one lever that is available to specialty is I’ll say narrowing the network and pushing those and centralizing those fills into a centralized provider. And we do that in some cases where it makes sense or in some cases we have an open network. But that’s an opportunity.
Dave Denton: Ricky this is Dave, we Nexium like many other products there is always some level of uncertainty in our guidance range is comprehend, I guess a series of different scenarios around both that product and another products.
Dave Denton: This is Dave, George. I’ll touch upon that. We don’t really use that metric that much, we think it can give you a false -- that metric can give you a false positive or false negative depending upon the applied mix where you are in the profitability cadence of Medicare Part D as if the risk order is to through all the cycles and the benefit levels. I would say though, having said that there is a couple of things that are driving our profitability we talked about. We continue to push on specialty and specialty is becoming a bigger portion of our business and we continue to enhance our performance from a specialty perspective. We further more have worked aggressively to improve our cost structure from a cost of goods sold perspective. And you have seen us continue to [wretch] it down and improve our buy side economics. And then finally from the PBM perspective driven somewhat by our formulary strategy have improved our rebate yield overtime. So, all three of those continue to enhanced our profitability. And then I will just say sliding on top of that is we made some investments over the past several years, from a streamlining perspective and our cost structure is in a much better position today than probably what it was three or four years ago. So, all those components are contributing to that growth and profitability.
Helena Foulkes: Sure. So, overall you can see that we continue to focus on driving the long-term profitable growth in this front and while front store sale are small part of our overall business, we see a growing role of both digital and personalization. So our personalization efforts are really at the key and some of what we hear from our suppliers is given that we’ve been added for 16 years with extra care, they are definitely noticing our unique ability to use the data to drive profitable growth. So in particular if you look at areas like health beauty and personal care, these are areas where we continue to grow share in the market place and we are essentially staying out of the promotional fray and growing our margins and our profits in these businesses. So this continues to be a very important part of our overall growth strategy.
Helena Foulkes: Yes. And just building on Jon’s point I think if you look at and Larry alluded to just before, but we have spent a great deal of time Jon’s team and my team working together on the rollout of specialty connect. We’re really excited about where that’s going. The great example of how we’re working together to bring a solution for the marketplace that is truly unique and holistic and thinking more from an enterprise perspective than our individual business units.
Helena Foulkes: This is Helena, Peter. I would just say that our basket size growth continues on its normal trend, we haven’t seen anything out of the ordinary and for us as I said before, it’s a continued focus on personalization, we have as Larry mentioned before, as others have increased their promotional activity, we have actually reduced ours and instead or spending this on our top customers. That is our particular focus, these are the top customers, we are typically looking at the top 20% or 30% of our customers who are driving the lion share of our volume and profits and we have a continued focus on increasing the number of personalize outreaches we have to those folks.
Helena Foulkes: Yes, that’s totally right. So we’re still working on our plans. We’ve been testing a number of things. But as Dave said we certainly don’t expect that what we put a high in that space we’ll make up for the lost tobacco sale. What we have really been looking at is as a question before alluded to we’re increasingly positioning ourselves as a health care company and making sure that our store more and more represents ourselves as the healthcare company.
Helena Foulkes: Yes. No I think that your first assumption is right Meredith. If you look at on overall household penetration of the Sunday circular in the last five years and projections for go forward, it continues to decline. We see that, discontinuing I have turned page. And so to be ahead of that curve, we have really been investing outside of the circular. So there is no one silver moment where we are going to cycle something, I think this will continue.
