Larry J. Merlo: Okay. Thanks, Dave, and let me just reiterate how pleased we are with our strong performance across 2015 along with the continued progress that we're making in leveraging our integrated assets at CVS Health that's bringing innovative channel agnostic solutions to the market. I also want to take a minute to thank and recognize the efforts of our more than 240,000 colleagues that are committed to our purpose and working hard each and every day helping people on their path to better health. So with that, let's go ahead and open it up for your questions.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Lisa, good morning. I'll take the first part and then flip it over to Jon. As you think about, Lisa, the benefits from the acquisitions, we touched on it at a very high level in the prepared remarks. If you look at Omnicare, we've got a number of pilots that have just begun to kick off that would focus on the revenue synergy side of the equation, acknowledging that we see opportunities across the spectrum in skilled nursing, assisted living and the independent living spaces. And I think as we've been talking for quite a while now, those opportunities will really manifest themselves across our retail business. So I think again, it's early in the process, and the benefits that we'll see from that, we don't expect to begin to come online until the second half of the year. And I think, Lisa, it's a similar story with Target. We've got a lot of heavy lifting to do when you think about the store and system conversions, 1,700 of those. At the same time, we've had a lot of practice with that. And as I mentioned in the remarks, the pilot stores have gone extremely well. So we are now in rollout mode, and it'll take the better part of the next six months, seven months to complete those activities. So that's really when you'll begin to see the marketing efforts ramp up. So the benefits that we'll see from beginning to create customer conversion within the Target stores with the Target guests, again, I think that's going to be more of a second-half impact.
Larry J. Merlo: Lisa, that's exactly the right way to look at it, because again, it's going to take time to market and on both, whether we're talking about Target or Omnicare in terms of the opportunities. So it will phase in over time, and you're right, we see it as a multiyear opportunity.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Ed, it's Larry. It's a great question. I mean what we saw in the fourth quarter, Ed, was consistent with our expectations and, quite frankly, consistent with what we saw in the third quarter. And as we've been talking about the reimbursement pressure, the way we think you should be looking at this is we're not seeing really any dynamic change in the cadence of reimbursement pressure. As we look forward into 2016, we've got the ebbs and flows in terms of the offsets that exist in terms of how we can leverage against that reimbursement pressure, and we outlined many of those variables at Analyst Day last month.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Ed, again, it's early. I mean, as we look at where we stand at this point in time, the RFP activity is probably on par with what we've seen in prior years. If you looked at our renewal business, we've got about $22 billion up for renewal. There is nothing out of the norm in terms of it skews within a segment one way or another. So we kind of view it as just a normal selling season, and I'll flip it over to Jon and see if he has any.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Eric, it's Larry. Maybe I'll start then ask Jon and Dave to jump in. Eric, in following your questions there, in terms of on-boarding, those clients, again, I think the investments that we've made over the last couple of years from a technology and process and organization alignment I think have really paid off the last two welcome seasons. Back to my prepared remarks, you think about the fact, 9 million new members, this past January, 16 million new CVS Caremark lives over the last two years combined with very high levels of service. We are extremely pleased with the work of the organization in terms of on-boarding those clients with no disruptions. So that has been checked the box there. I think if you go back to some of the things we talked about at Analyst Day, I think the challenge different than the employer segment is how we create more alignment with the health plan sales organization to sell in those unique and differentiated products and services, and begin to do some different things there in terms of creating better incentive alignment to allow that to be more of a priority among the many priorities that these health plans have. And I think we're beginning to get some traction around that.
Larry J. Merlo: And, Eric, just two other points reinforcing Jon's comments. We just published a study within the last couple of weeks that when you look at Specialty Connect, there is an 11% improvement in adherence for those patients who utilize that service. At the same time, reflecting on Jon's comments, when you think about some of the expectations that have been set for value-based reimbursement or outcomes-based reimbursement, whatever phraseology you want to use, and some of the targets that have been established for 2018 and beyond, I think our differentiated products and services are really in a great sweet spot to be able to deliver on those expectations.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, George, I would say it probably has more to do with the mix shift. Okay? And when you look at – as you look at pharmacy growth, we are seeing higher growth rates in government-sponsored care, Medicare and Medicaid. And as we've said, those segments, while very productive from a utilization and a revenue growth perspective, typically carry lower margin rates.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, George, listen, it's a great question. And when you think about responding to that, you really think about what clients hire us to do. Okay? And they expect us to work hard on their behalf in terms of how do we provide high levels of service for their members at the lowest possible costs. And we've talked about the variety of ways in which we do that, and we're very pleased with what we've been able to do. Okay? And the tools that we've been able to provide for our clients, again, they've got the option of how aggressive they want to be in terms of utilizing those tools. But we think the results of that will be reflected in our trend report that will be coming out within the next several weeks. Okay. And it's our focus. And I think, George, we've got to be careful that private-sector innovation I think has done a lot with which to satisfy the objective, right drug, right patient at the lowest possible cost. And if you look at Med D as an example, it was 2006. It's almost a decade later now, and when you look at the estimates of what CBO had predicted the cost of that would be 10 years ago, and what it's costing today, it's a fraction of that, which I think is one of the key reasons for that is private-sector innovation and the fact that competition ultimately drives down costs. So I think there's going to be a lot of crosscurrents as we go through an election year, and we'll just continue to work hard to tell our story and bring innovation in an effort to do what clients are hiring us to do. And quite frankly, we believe they are satisfied in what we're doing apropos to the new business that we've won the last couple of years.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, John, it's Larry. I'll start and I know others will jump in here. John, your answer to that in part lies in terms of the client makeup and the client adoption of those differentiated services. So a client who is adopting Maintenance Choice and it's a new client, obviously we're going to see a rapid uptake of share coming into one of our distribution channels because that's the nature of that plan design. I think if you go back and, again, reflecting on some of the things we talked about at Analyst Day, this past year, a big piece of that new growth is in the health plan segment, and as you look at our enterprise share of those health plan clients, it's in the low 20%s. So obviously that creates a big opportunity, and that's something that will occur at a much slower rate than a client who adopts Maintenance Choice. So obviously a lot of opportunity, and opportunity that we'll see cascade over the life of that contract.
Larry J. Merlo: And, John, I think, the only thing I'd add that goes back to Lisa's question earlier, that there we've spent enough time with the long-term care clients to understand their pain points and their needs, and that's what's driving some of the pilots that we have underway. And I do believe that recognizing that to some degree long-term care is episodic, and you got 2 million patients that are being discharged each year back into the home. And being able to provide differentiated services for the client and the facility operator, okay, and then again, be able to follow those patients across their continuum of care is a significant opportunity to grow share, and again, that will continue to evolve over time over a multiyear period. But I think we're excited by the opportunities that we see there.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Mark, the 32% growth does include the ACS, the Specialty component from Omnicare. It was a relatively small piece of the growth. I'll ask Jon to comment in terms of the market reaction to Specialty Connect.
Larry J. Merlo: And Mark, the other thing I'd just point out as a reminder, okay, this gets back to our focus on managing the CVS Health Enterprise because from a financial point of view, everything that Jon articulated, whether the point of access is the retail pharmacy, from a financial point of view, it goes through the PBM segment. And we're not worried about – in this example you could say we're penalizing the retail pharmacy. We don't look at it that way because we believe it's a unique and integrated product that is allowing us to capture incremental share in the market, which is good for the CVS Health Enterprise.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Scott, it's Larry. Let me take the last question, and then I'll flip over to Jon, okay, back to the first question. I'm going to go back to a slide that we had at Analyst Day that show that – and I mentioned this in response to an earlier conversation. The health plan business that came online last month, we have 22% share across our distribution channel. When we look at the overall health plan enterprise share, it's right around 28%, okay, for existing health plan clients. So again, there is an awful lot of white space as we've been talking about in terms of opportunities to grow that, acknowledging that that growth is over time. We talk a lot about the fact that when you look at the employer segment, with the stroke of one's signature, the Head of HR, and the Head of Benefits, can make a decision that several thousand employees are governed by. And as we've been talking this morning, it works a lot differently across the health plan space. So with that context, I'll flip it over to Jon.
Larry J. Merlo: And, Scott, your other question, just does the election have any impact in terms of how clients look at this, I don't think it does. Okay? I mean, I think whether it's a health plan client, an employer client, everyone is focused on – listen, how do I provide the right level of service for my members at the lowest possible cost. So I think what we're seeing play out every night on TV I think is kind of irrelevant to their goals and objectives.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah. Scott, I think it does, because we've got products and services that I know as our Head of Sales talks about. I could remember years ago when I was out selling the dream of what we might be able to do, and today I'm selling the results of what these products do. So they've been proven to when we think about access, quality and cost, we can sit down and quantify those benefits around each.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Steve, it's Larry. I mean, when you look at – keep in mind this is now probably 10 years in the making that as you look across the states, about half of the states have already implemented some type of acquisition cost based reimbursement or Managed Medicaid. So they are immune to AMP. And I think it's consistent with what we've been talking about that the objective of AMP, we have been seeing for the last several years in the form of reimbursement pressures. I think as you look at the remaining states, they'll be – it's our understanding that states will have 12 months with which to implement some type of acquisition reimburse – acquisition cost reimbursement model, and along with corresponding changes in dispensing fees. So I think as we sit here today, we think, we believe that the rollout across the rest of the country with this will be immaterial to our results. But again, I think that's going to play out on a state-by-state basis, acknowledging that states that have implemented that have made adjustments in dispensing fees, and so more to come on that.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Mohan, it's a great question. As we've stated previous, this past summer, we completed the rollout of our Epic EHR across all of our clinics. And that does a couple of things for us. One is it does provide an infrastructure that allows us to expand our scope and broaden our scope of practices. And you're beginning to see that now as we're getting into the treatment of some additional conditions. And that does create a tighter interface with the health system affiliations where we can transmit the information around a particular patient in a seamless fashion. So we're beginning to get some traction in terms of triaging patients across the delivery of care.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, we've said that we have that target of 1,500 clinics. I think with the acquisitions, we may not hit that number by 2017. Obviously, we're going to be focusing on the Target integration, which includes about 80 clinics this year. So we may be a year or two behind that original target of 2017, but we continue to be comfortable with the rollout. As a matter of fact, as we sit here today about 50% of the U.S. population actually lives within 10 miles of a MinuteClinic.
Larry J. Merlo: Okay. Thank you, and let me just take a minute to thank everyone for your continued interest in CVS Health and as always, if anyone has any follow-up questions, you can contact Nancy Christal. Thanks, everyone.
Jonathan C. Roberts: And then, Lisa, as far as what we're seeing in 2016, as you recall, back in 2014, we saw double-digit pharmacy trend. That was primarily driven by branded inflation, branded price increases, and we're seeing that same dynamic in 2016 as well. So clients have never been more open to adopting plan designs to control these costs. And I'd really think about that it in three primary buckets. First is channel. So the ability to adopt our Maintenance Choice programs which were now up over 23 million members participating in that program and network solutions, preferred network solutions for Medicare as an example, and narrowing the network in commercial and managed Medicaid. So continue to see lots of interest in those plans designs. And also, lots of interest with formulary plan designs, and we offer options from excluding formulary for our template clients. We introduced that back in 2012, all the way to much more aggressive formularies where we essentially take most of the brands off the formularies that really is the most effective tool we have to managing trend because it gets rid of the branded inflation. And then the third primary bucket is really all the solutions we have in specialty from exclusive specialty to site of care to aggressive formulary solutions and specialty. So we do continue to see a lot of interest. We see employers able to make decisions faster in adopting these plan designs. We do see health plan much more interested than they've ever been in these plan designs, but their adoption rate is slower. They may have to sell these plan designs into their downstream clients. And as you recall, as our clients adopt these plan designs and we lower their costs, we generally see more share move into our channels. So it clearly is a win-win.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Yeah, remember, we had just $14 billion selling season with 80% of it health plans but we still had a very successful selling season with employers and with state government. So if our win rate returns to a more normal selling season, I think the mix that you'll see will be more normal than what we saw this past year. So we're expecting a very active selling season. Obviously, the health plans are out now and we expect the large employers and the state plans to be out over the next several months. Edward J. Kelly - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Great. Thanks, guys.
Jonathan C. Roberts: And .I think, this is Jon, on the adherence front, I think you just have to look at the Medicare Star plans and what they measure and about half of what they measure for MAPD as an example, was around adherence. And so we've done our own internal studies that say if you have 100,000 seniors, they have about $1.1 billion in overall healthcare costs, and if we could make every one of those members adherent to their medication and we could fill in gaps in therapy that they have then we could reduce the overall medical cost by over $200 million. So CMS gets this. This is why they weight adherence so heavily in their evaluation of plans, and nobody is better positioned than we are with our integrated channels to reach members and talk to them about adherence and improve their adherence, and that's why three out of four of the health plans that are in the Medicare business that we support are either four-star or five-star plans. And we see similar activity in the commercial space as well.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Hey, Dave. This is Jon. So Hep C volume I think has leveled off as we are into 2016, down a little bit from where we were last year. Merck launched their new product, had a list price $54,000, and that is less expensive than the other products on the market like Harvoni. So we'll evaluate these new products and negotiate the best deal for our clients, and we continually evaluate our formulary selections. And we'll do the same as these new products come to market. I think as we look out to 2016 or 2017, we haven't seen a lot of treatment in the Medicaid space. They've had real stringent utilization programs. So I think the question is as these drugs become more affordable, can we begin to see more treatment in that area, and the CMS came out with some guidance actually encouraging the Medicaid providers to do that. So you could potentially see an uptick in treatment if we see that movement from the Medicaid plans. I think as far as specialty, we see clients very interested in doing more to manage specialty under the medical benefit. It's not being well-managed today. So we have a tool if they don't want to move it over to pharmacy benefit, that's NovoLogix. We have over 30 million members that we're managing with that tool today, and it brings all the management that we have on the pharmacy side, but we also have an opportunity to move specialty from the medical side into the pharmacy benefit. Not that you'll ever get the majority of it over there, but there are opportunities to do more.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Specialty Connect really opened up a pain point in specialty that exists in the marketplace today, and that's access. So now a specialty patient can walk into any one of our 9,600 retail pharmacies and get the same high levels of service, because we've integrated them into our backend specialty platform. You get the same high levels of service. We see similar adherence. So it's been favorably received by specialty patients. And how we know that is it acts very similarly to Maintenance Choice. We see half the patients want to pick up their specialty prescription at their local CVS that are using Specialty Connect, and the other half want to mail to their home. So it really opens up the convenience. So for our clients where we are the exclusive specialty provider, it enhances service. It's enhancing revenue from the open market, where we are competing with other specialty pharmacies. So physicians that are much more active in referring patients in the specialty space than in the non-specialty space like the capabilities and the service that we deliver. So we think it's a real competitive advantage in the marketplace.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Well, it was 50% of the members that are coming through Specialty Connect. 50% of them want to pick up their Specialty scripts at CVS Pharmacy. So it's not – just to be clear, it's not 50% of our overall volume.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Yeah, so with our health plans, they have their own downstream clients, and their downstream clients are no different than our clients that pharmacy is a bigger part of their healthcare spend than it's ever been and it's the fastest-growing part of their healthcare spend. So they are very interested and motivated to sell our products and services to better manage these costs. What we have been able to do over the last 12 months to 18 months is actually create financial incentives for the health plan sales team to actually create compensation for them as they sell these programs in. So their clients win, they win, and we win. So we think we've got very good alignment with our health plans now, and they are very motivated based on what's happened in the marketplace over the last several years to get these plan designs implemented.
Jonathan C. Roberts: I mean this is Jon. We made a decision several years ago that health plans were going to be an important growth vehicle for us, particularly when you looked at the growth coming from Medicare and Medicaid. So we work hard to keep our health plans competitive in the marketplace. So we're not really seeing any repercussions or halo to pricing in the marketplace from that event. But I think it continues to be competitive but rational. And I don't expect there to be an impact.
David M. Denton: Lisa, we don't disclose that information at this point in time. So unfortunately we can't do that right now.
David M. Denton: Yeah, Ed, this is Dave. I'd begin – consistent with what Larry said, is that our gross margin was in line with our expectations, but a couple of things to just note is obviously we added the Omnicare business which carries a little bit lower rate. Secondly, our GDR, as we said, was a little light in retail as brand was a little heavy. So therefore that affected the gross margin but still well within our guidance expectations. Edward J. Kelly - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Okay. And just one quick follow-up here for you on the upcoming or current PBM selling season. Can you maybe just talk a little bit about how the opportunity looks from a mix standpoint? So last year, you had a lot of success, right, a lot of it was in the health plan side. How does the mix of the opportunity look like in the current year coming up? Is there potential for more self-insured employer type wins? Any color that you can provide there would be good.
David M. Denton: John, this is Dave. I think that's right. I would just caution you a little bit. If you look at the sales win, certainly for, as we cycle into 2016 largely health plan. Health plans, as Jon articulated earlier, it just takes a while for them to sell in their program. So obviously the name of the game here has been let's gain the life and then quite frankly make the life more productive as we move some volume into our channel and save the client money. In health plans, that just takes a little longer. I think the uptake, the ramp of that will just – the slope of that was a little – it's not as steep as, when compared to the employer clients.
David M. Denton: Yeah, John, it's Dave here. I do think that the market is still pretty fragmented, so I do think there is, I'll say, (50:45) type opportunities within the market space and you'll see us continue to probably do that within the long-term care business. And then I think as you look at the long-term care business, you're going to need to look at it in kind of different client categories. I think from a skilled nursing facility perspective, it's all about growing the number of beds, I think, from a assisted living facility it's really designing products and solutions that capture more of those members within the beds that we have while adding beds as well. But there's more of, I'd say, a product development set that needs to happen there for share capture and share gain.
David M. Denton: Hey, Mark. This is Dave. I just – back to your original question about ACS. If you look in specialty for the full year, growth rate was approximately 34%. If you excluded the specialty that came through, ACS through Omnicare, growth would be above 30%.
David M. Denton: Yeah, from a cadence perspective, a lot of – I'll point you back to a couple of slides that I put together at Analyst Day back in December, but it really relates back to, one is the acceleration of growth from a Medicare Part D perspective, and as that growth occurs those profits are back half weighted, so that clearly tilts the cadence delivery, profit delivery, to the back half versus the first half. Secondly, we have several initiatives underway, both as we look at the acquisitions but more importantly as we look at different efforts that we have across our business. Many of those initiatives deliver benefit in the back half versus the first half, and probably most importantly is the timing and cadence of break-open generics. Those are largely back half weighted, so you'll see the impact of that flow through in quarters three and four versus Q1 and Q2. So those are the major elements of how to think about that. We have not broken out specifically the percent of front half versus second half.
David M. Denton: Well, this is Dave. We stand by our guidance. We, as we look at the trends going through where we are today, we see nothing that's any different. Again, this continues to be an evolving marketplace driven largely by the mix of our business. Medicare and Medicaid continues to accelerate and grow more rapidly than some other lines of business. Secondly, as we indicated before, is with the large win in the health plan business from a PBM perspective, the adoption of those programs that move share into our channel just take longer. It's longer for those to mature and for that adoption to occur. And so the offsets as we think about 2016 are just not available to us.
