Larry J. Merlo: Okay. Well, thanks, Dave. And we remain confident that we are well-positioned as the healthcare market continues to evolve. We continue to have the most extensive suite of integrated enterprise assets, and on a stand-alone basis each one would be market-leading. What really sets them apart lies in our ability in a large way through technology to integrate pharmacy care from the payer to the provider and ultimately to the patient. And these capabilities help us to deliver on our goal of driving more affordable, more accessible, and more effective care. So with that, let's go ahead and open it up for your questions.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Lisa, it's a great question. And, first of all, I think it is important that the story be told in a succinct and factual way, starting with the key policymakers and decision-makers, and that starts in D.C. And we've certainly been having those discussions in an effort to separate fact from fiction. And I think for the reasons that I alluded to in my prepared remarks there, we need to deal with this issue today. But the PBM industry has dealt with this issue in the past and has gone through a series of reviews, as I alluded to earlier, whether it was through the FTC, through Congressional Budget Office, other governmental agencies that have quantified not just the role that PBMs play, but the value that PBMs bring to the healthcare economy. And so, it is important that we start there. And at the same time, listen, we're having an awful lot of discussions with our clients. And as we talk about transparency with them, I do believe that they understand the role that we bring for them. And I think that in this environment where benefit plan designs continue to evolve and change, I think we're doing more to share with them what we see as best practices across the industry, especially as you think about the growth of consumer-directed health plans and what it means to provide the value of those rebates or discounts at the point of sale and what it means to have a preventive drug list, where there's zero out of pocket expense for their members. I just use those as two examples. So, Lisa, I don't think there's a single answer to that other than – which I think is where you were going – it really needs to be a surround-sound dialogue with a variety of constituents.
Larry J. Merlo: Lisa, it's Larry again. I think when I hear you ask that question, you think about the rhetoric from those who are perhaps selling the drugs from those who are buying the drugs. And when you hear that, it gives me pause in terms of taking a step back and really asking the question, why are we in this position to begin with. And you look back and you think about just the sheer number of branded products that have come off patent over the last four, five years. We've got nearly $100 billion of branded drugs that have lost patent protection. Obviously, that's created somewhat of a headwind for the pharmaceutical industry. You've got new products that have entered the market that to some degree I describe as me-too products that are entering the market at inflated price points with no incremental effectiveness over the existing therapies. So why should sponsors of care pay for a higher price of those drugs, especially when many of those drugs are the ones that we're seeing advertised on TV, okay, countless times; and there's a cost to that. So I think when you start connecting the dots in terms of why the rhetoric now, what has changed in the marketplace that is driving this, it starts to bring some of that dialogue to the discussion.
Larry J. Merlo: Lisa, I'll start, then I think Jon will want to jump in. But I think as we've talked many times, as we underwrite the business we underwrite it to an overall level of profitability, and there are many, many things – as we talked at Analyst Day, PBM tools that are utilized that create value for clients. So the answer to that would be no. There's many, many other things that we do that create value for our clients and their members.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, John. Let me start, then Helena will jump in. But, John, listen, when you look at the industry broadly, I do think that for many stakeholders across the supply chain the lines are blurry in terms of being competitors and at the same time being partners. And I think that everybody is kind of learning their way around that. There are many examples of that out in the marketplace. We shared some of those, beyond the example that you're alluding to, in terms of our CVS Pharmacy business. But you look at our Med D business where we have SilverScript and at the same time we're managing the Med D benefit for about 40 of our health plan clients. And we can show that while we're competing and at the same time partnering, the health plan growth for our clients has been faster than the market. So I think it's a great example of how we can create a win-win situation. And so, the answer to your question in terms of how broadly, quite frankly, it's with all the PBMs that we do business with. And I'll flip it over to Helena to talk in a little more detail about those conversations.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Ross. Listen, it's a great question, and I think some of it goes back to the earlier point that I made that what can we do, how can we work with our clients on the PBM side in terms of best practices around plan design. Obviously, there's a completely different story for that consumer at the pharmacy counter if the rebate value is flowing through at the point-of-sale versus back to the client and the client reflecting that rebate value in some way, but it kind of gets diluted across the overall plan design benefit. And I think we obviously see that as a best practice amongst some other things that we can talk about there. And listen, I think some of the – you brought up epinephrine, and I think what we were able to do with Impax is a great example of what can happen when we can introduce more competition within a therapeutic class even though it may not be an A/B rated generic. And yes, it does require an intervention with their physician oftentimes. But I do believe that the medical community is becoming more sensitized to price being a variable around the quality and continuity of care. And by the way, we play that role at retail. And by the way, the PBM plays that role as well in the development of formularies. So, Ross, I think it's a complicated answer or question. It's an important question, and I think it'll continue to evolve. We're already doing things and we're working hard to do more in that regard.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Ross, listen, it's another great question. And I think I'll probably take us back a minute to Analyst Day where we showed all of the different I'll say assets that we operate. And the common denominator across those assets lies in the fact that we're delivering that last mile of care to the patient. And by the way, it doesn't matter where you're at in the health care supply chain. That becomes kind of the important conduit at the end of the day. So I think there is a growing awareness and a growing understanding of the role that that can play, especially as there are more demands on changing consumer behavior, okay? Quite frankly, it kind of goes back to your first question. So I think it's that. And it comes back to the other question that was asked that we've got to figure this out recognizing that the folks that we're having these discussions with oftentimes are competitors as well. So I think it starts with a recognition and an acknowledgment that in cracking the code around this, we can find the sweet spot and still be competitors, but at the same time be partners. And I think we have some success stories. We're looking forward to growing that list of success stories with those objectives in mind.
Larry J. Merlo: And, Michael, it's Larry. I think the only point that I would add, and again it brings us back to the Analyst Day, but you may recall Alan Lotvin showed some examples of how using the pharmacy data, okay, we can provide a similar level of integration as one may be thinking about integrating medical and pharmacy benefits. And there's a lot of information and diagnostic information that can be ascertained simply doing a deeper dive in terms of the pharmacy information that we have. So we're looking to expand those capabilities, again, for the reasons that Jon acknowledged.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah. And, Bob, it's Larry. Listen, I guess, I just want to emphasize Dave's comments, okay? Because I think what we have seen over the last several weeks is more pharmaceutical companies coming out with, I'll call it, their version of the social contract, if you will. And, as Dave mentioned, typically you see pricing activity occur in January; and we've seen similar levels of activity, but at a lower rate. So that's where it's coming from. And as Dave pointed out, I think the fact that we're not changing our profit guidance and objectives reflects the comments that we made last year as this question was coming up that modest changes in inflation really have no impact on the profitability of the enterprise business.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Bob. Listen, I think it's a great question. And I think as we outlined in the prepared remarks that through the PBM lens we're working across the network to provide transparency across the pharmacy providers and providing education. And by the way, when all this rhetoric began, we went back and we took a look at, if you looked at the overall reimbursement rates year-over-year, from 2016 to 2015, okay, in an environment where we've talked about pharmacy margins being under a lot of reimbursement pressures, there are many, many pharmacies to include some specialty pharmacies, in the SilverScript network that their reimbursement rates in 2016 were more favorable than what they were in 2015, largely as the result of the performance network fees and the performance that they demonstrated around that. So I'm a little puzzled as to why all the rhetoric other than the fact that some people didn't get it right.
Larry J. Merlo: And, David, it's Larry. We also have some programs -- we've talked about these in the past -- on indication-based pricing which is a version of that. To some degree, that's largely in specialty. We're working with pharma in a different way, okay, based more on outcomes with the patient.
Larry J. Merlo: Eric, It's Larry. I'll start, and then I think Jon will jump in. I think to a large degree those opportunities are more time-driven based on the current or existing contract, and it's going to end up tying back to the RFP process. And I would say that there continues to – we've talked a lot over the last year about insourcing, outsourcing and the fact that we continue to believe that we bring a lot of value to that equation, and that there is – makes a lot of sense. I think when the health plan mergers were being bantered about, there was some growing concern around that. And it looks like those are now in the rearview mirror. So we still continue to believe that we can bring value for smaller regional players. And, listen, we have a great relationship with Aetna, and we look forward to continuing to be a key partner with them and helping them to grow.
Larry J. Merlo: And, Ricky, if you look at the 40 million prescriptions on our base at retail, it's about a 3.5% impact, if you will. 350 basis points, from a script perspective.
Larry J. Merlo: Ricky, it's still pretty early around that. And keep in mind that health plans typically start a little earlier. So, quite frankly, some of the stuff that's starting to come in right now is really for January of 2019 because of their cycle. So as we've done in prior years, we'll have more to say on this on the first quarter call. We'll have a better idea of certainly the RFP activity consistent with prior years.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Alvin. Listen, I think we're all very pleased with not just standing up Red Oak, but the value that it's bringing to the supply chain. And I think as we've talked previously, the incremental year-over-year benefit obviously has slowed because we've got it up and running, but I think the Red Oak team continues to look for ways in which we can make the supply chain more efficient. And we're still looking and exploring those opportunities. So I think we're all very pleased with where we are today and where we're going with it.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah. I would say, Alvin, we haven't seen any material change and it' a competitive, but rational market as you just acknowledged.
Larry J. Merlo: Okay. So with that, I know it's been a long call, but hopefully we've provided a lot of information for you today and in light of some of the, I'll call them, current events in the marketplace. And we appreciate everyone's time. And as always, Nancy and Mike are available for any follow-ups you might have. Thanks, everyone.
Jonathan C. Roberts: I mean, Lisa, listen, those are all good points. I think at the end of the day our clients hire us to manage their pharmacy benefit. And the trend that we've seen through the first three quarters of the year is 3.3%. We'll be looking at our final number for 2016 in a couple weeks, and we think that number could potentially come down a little bit. So they're very happy with the cost of their overall benefit relative to the price increases they're seeing in the market with branded prescriptions. Secondly, on the transparency issue, our clients do have audit rights with rebate contracts, network contracts. They have the level of transparency they need while protecting our ability to negotiate and ensure that they get the best economics that we can in the marketplace. So I think part of the challenge is just the complexity of the pricing model in pharmacy. There's no easy answer for that, but we're continuing to work on it.
Jonathan C. Roberts: And, Lisa, the other thing I would add is, if branded products were to move from a gross to net, I think it would look more like the generic market where you would get discounts on the buy side. And we think we're in a great position to negotiate favorable economics and continue to deliver value to our clients. So that doesn't worry me at all.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Michael, this is Jon. The PBM industry has been very dynamic. There's been a lot of consolidation really across the last 10 years and it's just continued to evolve. I think is I'm out speaking to either health plan or employers, I talk about the fact that they have three very different models to choose from, and we talk about the different models and then spend a lot of time talking about our capabilities, which is it's all about getting the best unit cost, which is one thing that is important to them, but then all the things we can do to lower overall healthcare costs because of our ability to touch and influence the consumer. And our ability to have more points of access through things like Specialty Connect, MinuteClinic, Maintenance Choice 3.0, where we're going to be able to deliver both prescriptions and front store products to someone's home. And I think the ability to do that has won the day. If you look over the last three years, we've brought on $31 billion in new business. And so, I think the story we've been telling is becoming more important is people or clients are very interested in managing their overall healthcare costs. So I think we're going to continue with our model to continue to have success in the marketplace, and the market is voting with their selections.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Yeah. So, David, this is Jon. So we do have price protection in 90% of our pharma contracts. So as manufacturers raise their prices over a pre-negotiated threshold, that value goes back to our clients in the form of a rebate. We will have certain guarantees in therapeutic classes. I talked about diabetes at Analyst Day. So we're very targeted where we're using that. And I think at the end of the day our clients will evaluate us based on how their overall costs are being managed. And I think our trend, once we wrap up the year, will be received very well by both our clients and stand up well with our peers.
Jonathan C. Roberts: All those are passed through to CMS. They're all – it's all – think about it as part of our cost of goods sold as we price that insurance product. And so, that's how it's underwritten.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Hey, Eric. The only other thing I would add is, I don't view the health plan market as the low-hanging fruit is gone and it's going to be more challenging to win health plans moving forward. Quite frankly, the biggest barrier to health plans moving historically has been the level of effort and the disruption in those moves. And what we've been able to do with automation and processes around moving health plans has really demonstrated we can do it in a near seamless way. As an example, I was with two CEOs of health plans that we won this year within 10 days of welcome season of 1/1, when they had just transitioned to us. And they were just thankful and appreciative of the great job that we did in welcome season. So as I look forward, our capabilities and how we can help health plans manage their overall costs with all of our integrated assets and our ability to move them in a non-disruptive way I think becomes a compelling value proposition.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Yeah. Well, at the end of the day there's a little more than 40 million prescriptions that are cycling out of our business. So TRICARE began on really December 1 for the most part, so maybe some bleed before that, and Prime begins on January 1. So thinking about it, almost pretty equally spread throughout the year for the most part, Ricky. So it's really 40 million scripts on our base from a volume perspective.
Jonathan C. Roberts: George, this is Jon. As far as anything new or disruptive for the selling season, it's pretty consistent with what we saw over the last couple of years. So nothing really new to report.
Helena B. Foulkes: Right. So we started talking about this with you at Analyst Day, and I think that we're making nice progress. And really the change in strategy is we used to go to PBMs and health plans simply as a retailer essentially talking about rate. And now what we're really doing is broadening the conversation and bringing to those conversations the idea of marrying the other assets within the CVS Health suite, so we could bring to them capabilities, for example, like MinuteClinic, like Omnicare. And so, it's starting to really change the dialogue from being a rate-only conversation to one where we can bring even more value. And we're having those conversations, as Larry said, both with all the PBMs that we do business with. And as we said to you at Analyst Day, 65% of the prescriptions that we fill are with other PBMs, so those are very important partners to us, along with health plan partners where we see great upside and potential. So it's very early in the game, but I'm encouraged by the kind of conversations we're having.
Helena B. Foulkes: And I would just jump in on flu, essentially it hasn't been a really strong flu season. And in particular what we're mostly seeing is over-the-counter increases in the cold category, for example, but not so much flowing through to the script side.
Helena B. Foulkes: Yeah. I think, Bob, we feel like we've probably been on, I'd call it, the leading edge of looking at our mix of mass spend versus targeted spend and probably more aggressive than the rest of the marketplace on pulling back on unprofitable promotion and really focused on driving profitable growth. So I do think that as we cycle through that, the good news is we continue to grow share and win in health and beauty, which is the lion's share of our focus. And where we've pulled back and seen more of an impact on comps has been in mostly the edibles and general merchandise businesses where we've been less focused and where we really don't have as much of a point of differentiation. A lot of those sales historically have been promotional. So that's the constant balance. It's a balancing act we're always looking for, but wholeheartedly agree in the long run we do see this as a growth business. We stated at Analyst Day we'll continue in 2017 to pull back more on mass promotions. We continue to see profit potential there, but at the same time we're ramping up our targeted capabilities with ExtraCare. And those things will evolve over the next couple of years. The only thing I would point out as well, just as you cycle into the first quarter and look for our performance, I did want you to know that we're cycling two things for Q1 in 2017 that will make the comparison more difficult. In 2016, we had Leap Day, which we won't have in 2017. And we also have an Easter shift out of Q1 and into Q2. And if you add those two things together, just those things will adjust our growth in Q1 of this year by negative 185 basis points. So that's front store only in terms of just wanted to calibrate that for you as you look forward to Q1. Robert Willoughby - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Thank you.
David M. Denton: Yeah. John, it's Dave. I think flu is probably on the early stages here from a trend perspective, so I haven't really seen much of that compared to where we were last year. I would say that if you look at the network changes, they're tracking very consistent with what our expectations were. I think we are seeing some soft script volume as we entered this year. I do believe that there was probably some utilization that probably flowed a bit into December at the expense of January, just as patients thought about where they were in their days of supply. But there's no one specific issue that's driving it at this point.
David M. Denton: Yeah. Steve, this is Dave. I think as we look at our Medicare Part D product, one, it's a very – a successful product in the marketplace and we've done quite well there. I think from a margin perspective and our expectation, I would say that it's a probably a similar profile as we cycle into 2017 versus what we saw in 2016. This is a competitive market. You rebid this process and re-create a product every single year. So that's part of the dynamics of this market. And that's why, one, we bid successfully because we have a very nice competitive product, but also the fact that we're working really hard to reduce cost in this area. And our product is very efficient at doing that.
David M. Denton: Yeah. Just be real clear, Bob, it's Dave, is that keep in mind we did not adjust operating profit guidance at all. The dollars remain the same. We just trued it up from a growth perspective based on our results in Q4. So profit remains unchanged and our expectation for profit remains unchanged. I think what you're seeing from a revenue perspective, the vast majority of our revenue adjustments, as we cycle into next year or into 2017, is all about inflation. While we're seeing the same number of inflationary events, the magnitude of that inflation event, each one of them, has been slightly softer than what we planned. And I think this has been a topic where there's been a lot of dialogue in the marketplace about inflation, the worry of inflation. If inflation goes away, our profits would be hampered. And what you're seeing here is inflation is exactly dampening and our profits are remaining unchanged. So I think it's the proof point a bit about maybe taking that worry off the table a bit.
David M. Denton: Yeah. Hey, Bob. On the cash flow, certainly from a 2016 yield perspective we did quite well at delivering over $8 billion of free cash. Some of that is timing as we've built a payables position with CMS. We will settle that up in 2017. So that's why you see the year-over-year decline from 2016 into 2017 is partially due to that. I will say that I'm very proud of the team as we continue to improve our working capital terms. Part of that is our focus on inventory and receivable and payables management, but quite honestly part of that is the power of the PBM, as the PBM grows. The PBM's a very efficient working capital enterprise, and you're seeing the effect of that play out from a free cash flow perspective both in 2016 and in 2017.
David M. Denton: Yeah. I haven't looked at it that way, Ricky. So I don't have that number right on the top of my head, but it's something that's easily calculated if you take that 40 million scripts, pro rate them over each of the quarters, you can kind of figure out where we'd be.
David M. Denton: No. That's not the case, Ricky. I think what you're seeing is a couple things. One, and I think probably the biggest, over the last couple of years we've seen a pretty big expansion of state Medicaid programs. So that was kind of fueling scripts into the marketplace, and so you're probably seeing a little bit less than that as we cycle into 2017.
David M. Denton: Well, Ricky, a couple of things just on – I would say that everybody probably had their own forecast and expectation for price increases; and what we specified today is based on our forecast for 2017. Inflation's coming in a little lighter than we expected. It's really twofold. Partly is that what we've seen, pricing increases early in the year or late last year was a little less than what we thought. And also, we do anticipate that trend to continue throughout the year as we think about price increases later in the year as well.
David M. Denton: And, George, I think in our deck that we posted on the website, it should have our interest expense guidance for the year. And I'll pull it up real quickly for you here. (1:20:04). Do you see it? It's a billion...
