Larry Merlo: Okay. Thanks, Dave. And as I said, we are very pleased with our strong operating results this quarter across the company and as we look forward we’re confident that we have the right plans in place to achieve significant retention of our new retail prescription volumes. And additionally, while the PBM selling season continues, we have achieved positive net new business to date and we’re focused on the opportunities that remain. And we believe that our competitive position remains very strong, given our differentiated suite of services that cannot be easily replicated and we will continue to reinvent pharmacy for better health and for better shareholder value. So with that, let’s open it up for your questions.
Larry Merlo: Well, John, I think as we’ve been talking about generics for more than one year now I think what we’re seeing is it’s performing exactly the way we believed it would and the way we’ve modeled. And we had said that we would maximize profitability for those drugs that had exclusivity periods once the 180-day exclusivity period expired and that’s what we’re seeing with Plavix and with Lipitor. And with drugs like Plavix that do not have an exclusivity period, we’re able to maximize that profitability on day one. I think, again, as we acknowledge that during that break-open period where the exclusivity period is no longer in effect, while we see MACing increase, we also see significant reductions in cost of goods and that’s what makes a net positive for the business. So we have not seen any surprises from the way we’ve modeled things from an acquisition cost, as well as MACing, as well as what we’re seeing in terms of the actual penetration of the percent of the brands that have now switched to the generic.
Larry Merlo: Well, John, I mean we’ll talk more about that as we provide 2013 guidance. Obviously, when we think about the first half of 2013, we’ll be comping up against the exclusivity period of Lipitor and we’ve just got to model the rest of the year beyond that. And again, we’ll talk more about that as we get closer to providing 2013 guidance.
Larry Merlo: Yeah John, let me – the first part of your question, I think that we saw the second quarter get off to a slow start for some of the reasons that we had acknowledged in the prepared remarks in terms of the allergy season being frontloaded, if you will, as well as the Easter comp. And quite frankly, a slow start to the summer selling period as we had a pretty rainy May. So we saw things improve as we ended up going to the latter part of the quarter. I think the consumer still remains cautious and is looking for value and as we’ve talked many times, we look to ExtraCare to provide that value in a very differentiated way. I think if you back out the activity associated with the Walgreens/Express issue, we see the promotional environment being relatively normal as we move into the second half of the year.
Larry Merlo: Well, John, listen, we – again, as we’ve been at the loyalty program for the better part of 15 years. Okay? We’ve got tremendous learnings. We’ve got over 70 million active cardholders and we’re not done. We’re continuing to look for ways to enhance value and continue to take ExtraCare to new heights. So we’re always trying to figure out how we can do that and you see that come to life in the marketplace. But in terms of your specific question, in terms of do we respond to a competitor introducing a loyalty program, no, we respond to continuing to bring enhancements that add value to our existing program.
Larry Merlo: Yeah. Deb, thanks for the comment. And as we’ve discussed many times, our retail organization has worked very hard with all of the PBMs to establish long-term relationships. And relationships that focus on serving the respective client members in an effort to manage costs and improve the health of those that we’re serving. And I think that strategy will continue to serve us well as we move into the future. And the dialogues that the retail organization is having with other PBMs about the opportunities that we bring from an execution point of view with narrow or more restricted networks.
Larry Merlo: And I think, Bob, the other thing to note is, as we’ve discussed previously, that we talked in the prepared remarks about the streamlining initiative, and the benefits outweigh the costs in 2012, so that’s also contributing to the performance. Your other question, Bob, in terms of economics on the retail side with Express Scripts – the settlement between Walgreens has no impact in terms of the relationship that we have. As we’ve acknowledged, we’ve had a very good relationship with Express on the retail side of the business, and I know our retail organization continues to look forward to working with them into the future.
Larry Merlo: Scott, let me take the housekeeping issue, and then I’ll ask Per to go back to your question. The 20% that – just to be clear, the 20% that we talked about in terms of net business from a revenue perspective – excludes Maintenance Choice. So those clients adopting Maintenance Choice would be on top of that 20%.
Larry Merlo: We do not have that at this point. There’s more dialogue taking place. That’s something we’ll talk about later in the year.
Larry Merlo: Steve, we see business as usual. If the question is really targeted to our relationship on the retail side with other PBMs, we don’t see that changing, as I mentioned earlier. And as it relates to the incremental scripts that we picked up over the past several months, as I acknowledged in the prepared remarks, we will be doing some promotional efforts to maximize our retention. But we’ve reflected that in our outlook for the balance of the year.
Larry Merlo: Yeah, Matt, I think – first of all, let me just mention, as we’ve talked many times, that pharmacy customer is a sticky customer – the hardest person to lose, and once you lose them, the hardest person to get back. And our pharmacy and store teams have done an outstanding job of introducing the CVS brand to those new customers over the last several months. And the feedback we’ve gotten from those customers has been very positive. I’ll let Mark talk in a little more specifics in terms of what we learned over that period of time that brings us to the point that we made about how we see the retention in the fourth quarter. And we’ll talk more about that as it relates to 2013 at Analyst Day. But I’ll flip it over to Mark.
Larry Merlo: Well, Lisa, I mean as we talked we’re seeing what’s happening in the Caremark book of business with new clients and we’re hearing and seeing similar results from the retail side of the business. And I think, as we mentioned earlier, having a long-term relationship with the other PBMs becomes extremely important in terms of being a partner with others as they’re looking to create narrow or differentiated offerings in the marketplace.
Larry Merlo: But, Ricky, it would not include anticipated growth that is not quantified at this point in time. That would not be in that number.
Larry Merlo: Ricky, in the fourth quarter, we saw a very small benefit. We really began to see most of the benefit in the January timeframe. We saw a little bit in December. But as we stated back then, it was not material to our results.
Dave Denton: This is Dave. Maybe I’ll start with that. Our retention rate is slightly lower than it was last year, as you recall. Larry mentioned it on the call that we had started the year with a couple of losses. I would say that kind of where we are from a renewal standpoint through this period of the year is fairly consistent with where a typical year would land so we’re not seeing anything too abnormal there. And I think that retention rate should be – our expectation is that’s probably where we’ll end the year as well.
Dave Denton: Well, Bob, maybe I’ll just touch upon the progression around the earnings sequentially. Keep in mind too that, from a cadence perspective, Medicare Part D, as we talked about on the call, the cadence of that earnings progression is slightly different this year than has been historically. Typically, you see the front half pretty modest, the back half of the year more accelerated from a profits progression perspective. I think it’s clear that, as we think about the PBM business in general, generics are a big driver of economics in this space. And you’re seeing the generic wave begin to take effect in 2012. And I think progression from a generic standpoint is pretty impactful this year, and probably into the future as well.
Dave Denton: Hey, Scott. This is Dave. I’ll start this off. I think I’d hearken you back a little bit to the Analyst Day presentation, where we laid out our roadmap for – I’ll say profit growth projections over the next several years, as well as the cash flow projections that we have for our business. And I think both of those, as we look at where we are, and as we think about the next several years, are pretty impactful. And we laid out, I think, a series of items that we believe are going to drive our performance from an enterprise perspective. As we’ve talked about, we’re beginning a phase of the generic wave that will be very impactful from a profit-growth perspective. We’re beginning a wave of utilization that we’ve not seen before, as the baby boomers turn into the over-65 population and utilization trends will begin to increase over time. And then furthermore, both the PBM and retail business have very specific plans to both gain share, to reduce costs and improve the underlying performance of their business, top to bottom, as they drive more share through their fixed asset base. So I think without giving specifics to 2013 because it’s clearly we’re way too early for that, there are some very macro trends and efforts that we’re focused against, day in and day out, to drive – also to your point – an encore of 2012, as we think about the next couple of years.
Dave Denton: And, Scott, I would also go back and look at – as we introduced Maintenance Choice a few years ago, keep in mind the progression of adoption. It started off relatively slow. And as more people adopted it, it began to accelerate into either existing clients or new clients. We expect that Maintenance Choice 2.0 will also follow that same pattern as people – first-movers will try the program, test it, make sure it works to their satisfaction, and then can communicate that broadly into the benefit community.
Dave Denton: When we introduced Maintenance Choice, either 1.0 or 2.0, the enterprise benefits at the end of the day, so it drives disproportionate performance for us.
Dave Denton: Our private label penetration is about 17%. Essentially flat year-over-year at this point in time. We continue to focus on it, Matt. And as we’ve said, we see opportunities to improve that over the coming years to get that mix up to 20%.
Dave Denton: Frank, it’s one of many estimates we have, as far as how we think we’re going to drive retention into the business. I would say the teams have done a very specific analysis – I’ll say at store, at customer level, to understand the retention. And we feel very good about our – the outlook for this year with that.
Per Lofberg: So typically, a restricted network is one approach for customers to save money, Maintenance Choice is an alternative approach. In a way, that’s a restricted network too because for maintenance meds it dramatically focuses patients on mail order or CVS retail for maintenance meds so both of those are in play with many customers currently.
Per Lofberg: Well, the specialty growth is heavily focused on the PBM part of the business. And it’s driven by a couple of different factors. I mean one factor is simply signing up more PBM lives. That in and of itself drives specialty growth. But also the underlying utilization of specialty due to new drug introductions and the inflation of the AWPs in the specialty category are driving the revenues. So both SAP and Aetna, which were large new accounts, they contributed significantly to the growth of our specialty business.
Per Lofberg: Well, it’s a very good extension of the current Maintenance Choice program. And the basic changes to that program has to do with the plan designs, where we can now offer access to CVS retail for plans that don’t have a mandatory mail-order program. So people can have access to CVS retail using the lower mail-order co-pay, as long as we have the ability to contact those members and inform them of those savings. And the second feature associated with Maintenance Choice 2.0 has to do with flexibility for the consumer where we’re building the capability to allow consumers to basically decide for every prescription they get, whether they want to have it sent to their home or whether they want to pick it up at a CVS retail store. And they will be able to use their smartphones or go to website to just decide, based on what’s most convenient for them, where they would like to pick up the prescription. So it’s very easy plan for our customers to adopt because it doesn’t require them to change the basic benefit design, like what they have to do with a mandatory mail-order program.
Per Lofberg: With respect to the growth potential, you recall that Larry pointed out that we currently have about 10.8 million lives that are using our legacy Maintenance Choice program, and that’s the program that requires a – essentially a mandatory plan design. We presented, I think, at Analyst Day last December that when we roll-out Maintenance Choice 2.0, that really allows us to access a large portion of our customer base that have a mail-order benefit but that don’t require people to use mail order for maintenance meds. So that will probably triple or so the potential in our book of business. So we – I think we projected back at Analyst Day that we could reach in excess of 30 million lives with that type of program.
Per Lofberg: Another thing that might be worth mentioning is that you may recall from our Analyst Day presentation that, last year, in going into 2012, we had a number of new customers that adopted Maintenance Choice right out of the box, that came from other PBMs with mandatory mail-order programs. And we see the same pattern in this year’s selling season. So we have a number of new customers that are coming on board in 2013 that are putting in Maintenance Choice right out of the gate.
Per Lofberg: They certainly are, both serious competitors and we see them being active and aggressive and certainly will count them as serious competitors going forward.
Per Lofberg: I can’t say that there are any surprises in that regard. I think it’s a healthy competitive environment where you now have multiple business models to sort of choose from. I think we feel very good about our ability to differentiate what we offer in ways that are not easily replicable by others. So as I mentioned earlier, I think Maintenance Choice clearly is a competitive edge for us especially with customers that previously have had mandatory mail order programs and likewise with health plans there is a lot of interest in our retail sort of footprint and the ability to use both the pharmacists as well as the MinuteClinics as adjuncts to the way they manage their healthcare services. So we have I think a pretty interesting suite of services that will serve us well in the future competitive environment.
Per Lofberg: Sure. First, Lisa, as you know, we probably will defer until much later in the year to give you sort of a more in-depth view of the specific wins and so on in the selling season but as Larry mentioned in his introductory comments it really kind of cuts across the board both Fortune 100 type companies that have joined us and a number of them with Maintenance Choice right out of the gate. But also in the health plan segment both the commercial health plan segment as well as the Medicare, Medicaid segments and as you look from prior presentations the managed Medicaid area is one that is growing very rapidly for us both in terms of new customers but also existing customers taking on new states or new populations that are rolled into the managed Medicaid program. So that’s the big picture and I think later on in the fall we’ll probably be able to share with you more details in terms of the specific accounts and so on.
Per Lofberg: Ricky, just to clarify one thing. As I said in response to an earlier question, we do include new lives that are added in the managed Medicare space to some of our existing customers as some of the states roll in, new lives into the managed Medicaid program from fee-for-service Medicare. And so, some of our existing customers pick up additional lives as a result of that.
