Larry J. Merlo: Okay. Thanks, Dave, and before we move into the Q&A, I do want to spend a few minutes talking about the evolving consumer expectations and what that may mean in being a convenient and affordable pharmacy destination. We have always been focused on making pharmacy and everyday healthcare better for patients. It has been and continues to be, for us, a point of differentiation. At the same time, we know there's more to be done. In terms of convenience, consumers want their medications on their schedules, and we've built a comprehensive network to serve those patients with a combination of 9,700 retail pharmacies in local communities all across the country and sophisticated mail order facilities, all of this powered by more than 30,000 clinical professionals. Our mail order services provide a convenience that meets the needs of certain patients on maintenance medications. However, some patients prefer to get their medications immediately. And for this group, there's no faster way than by walking into a CVS Pharmacy. Our pharmacists are readily available to provide counseling, answer questions and get a prescription in a patient's hands in 15 minutes. It's also important to remember that one in five prescriptions have some type of clinical intervention that requires pharmacists' involvement. And with that in mind, despite the complexity and variation of regulations across all states, we built streamline connections utilizing both people and technology with insurance companies PBMs and providers to significantly and safely reduce the amount of time consumers have to wait for these issues to be resolved. But there are also those with an immediate need who are unable to make it to a CVS either because of time transportation or mobility issues. And today, we are announcing that starting next year we will bring the pharmacy to our patients' doorsteps, with nationwide next-day delivery from our stores. And in select metro areas, we will even offer same-day delivery. Additionally, we're also announcing that we will offer free same-day delivery for pharmacy and a curated selection of front store products in Manhattan starting on December 4. And with nearly 70% of the U.S. population living within 3 miles of one of our stores, CVS Pharmacy is the most convenient choice for delivery to your doorstep. We also recognize that medication costs are a concern for all patients. And it's important to know that more than 50% of the prescriptions we fill in our stores cost patients $4 or less and 75% of those prescriptions cost patients $10 or less. We use our deep connections with PBMs and insurance providers to help patients maximize their insurance benefit using our clinical expertise to find the lowest cost therapeutically equivalent option on their plans. And we are investing in tools to make it easier for patients to navigate the confusing healthcare market and improve the understanding of their benefit designs. And we apply manufacturer coupons to help further reduce the cost. On average, our patients are realizing $55 in savings on each prescription that is coupon-eligible. In addition, we aggressively source generic alternatives for consumers and use our scale to make care more affordable as we did with Adrenaclick, a lower-cost alternative to EpiPen. We also continue to invest in our digital properties, including our highly rated retail mobile app. It helps patients manage when and how they want to receive their medications, set reminders and manage medications for their families all in one place. And to-date, the CVS Pharmacy app has been downloaded more than 21 million times. At the same time, we currently have 50 million people enrolled in our text message program which enables them to easily refill their prescriptions through their mobile devices and it's as simple as typing yes when prompted. So I think you can see we have a solid foundation that's been built on compelling scale, unsurpassed reach and extensive pharmacy expertise. And we have a plan for how to do even more to make pharmacy an everyday healthcare even better. And we look forward to sharing this in more detail with you at our December 12th Analyst Day. So with that, let's go ahead and open it up for your questions.
Larry J. Merlo: Yes, Mohan, we have always been very thoughtful in terms of how we can improve access, okay, and at the same time, ensure that the care that we're providing meets our quality standards. And you put those two together, okay, it results in improving outcomes and lowering cost. And I think we've demonstrated capabilities of doing that, whether it's the role it MinuteClinic plays or the role that home infusion plays. And it's something that we continue to evaluate and something that's always on our radar screen for evaluating and deciding what's next.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Mohan, we have been – I think you've seen over the last couple of years where we have added services. And we have in partnership with some of the health system affiliations that we have. We have begun to triage patients, where we are actively managing patients who have been diagnosed with some type of chronic care condition, in an effort to ensure that they're following their regimens of care, in an effort to keep them healthy.
Larry J. Merlo: Look, George, listen, I'll start and I'm sure others will jump in. But when you refer to steerage, we think about the role that plan design plays, okay. And if you look at MinuteClinic as an example, that's an offering that's available to our PBM clients, okay. And there are many examples out there where as you look at overall healthcare costs adjusted for age and health status, you see overall healthcare savings anywhere from 8% to 12% lower. And in some respects, it's a simple as some of the treatment and visits migrating out of the emergency room and into the retail clinics. I think one of the other elements that we focus on is how does site of care become a variable, recognizing that there is a cost delta when you look at where that care is being administered. So if you jump over to infusion, we know that providing that care in the home versus in an ambulatory infusion site or perhaps in an outpatient segment of the hospital, there is a pretty dramatic cost differential there. And so I think we have been able to demonstrate that our local presence, the fact that that can lead to direct engagement with customers and patients and as a result, produce better outcomes at a reduced cost.
Larry J. Merlo: George, we're not seeing anything that would tell us that patients are not taking their prescriptions as prescribed. And I think if you look in the quarter, we've talked a little bit about the hurricanes, and I think that was tremendously disruptive because you see boluses of activity leading up. During the peak periods, you certainly see some unevenness in volume. And I would say that as you look at the seasonal related scripts, people are getting their flu shots, but we're certainly not seeing any incidence of the cold and flu season at this point in time. So that may be contributing a little bit to some of what we're seeing currently.
Larry J. Merlo: Lisa, it's Larry. Listen, when you think about our business model, you think about the fact that over several years now, we've assembled a series of assets that create countless touch points with which we can engage with the patient, with the consumer, in an effort not just to improve access to care, but create better outcomes, and in doing so, reduce costs. So from an economics point of view, if we're not providing that fulfillment, then there's not an opportunity to do those other things. So we benefit from that share of going through one of our distribution channels. I think you've heard us begin to talk about the next evolution of that, taking elements of risk, and Jon can touch on the Transform Care programs, which we're in the process of marketing, at least beginning with diabetes and going from there.
Larry J. Merlo: Lisa, listen, I'll start and maybe I'll ask Helena to jump in as well. But your – in our organization and in our culture, we're never done, okay. So, we're always listening to our customers, and I think being good listeners helps us understand where they have friction points that we need to work to eliminate. So, we think we do a good job, we think we've got a lot of ways in which we can serve the customer, and we're always looking for ways in which we can do that better.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Bob, it's Larry. Maybe I'll start and Dave will jump in. And Bob, just for – our goal has always been to provide guidance for the following year in December at our Analyst Day. And as you heard from both Mike and Dave, that's what we'll be doing next month, and you shouldn't read anything into that. In terms of what you would think about as, I'll say, headwinds, tailwinds for 2018, I'll start with some of the tailwinds. A lot of the network arrangements that we've been talking about, that certainly will drive Retail share next year. As you heard this morning, we've had another strong PBM selling season. And the enterprise streamlining initiative that we began earlier this year will be in year two and the savings will outweigh the costs. On the headwinds side, we've talked – we'll continue to see the reimbursement pricing pressures. And I think when you think about what are the offsets to that, obviously, generic introductions play a role in that. And at least at this point in time, we see 2018 contributing, but probably to a lesser extent than what we've seen the last couple of years.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah. John, listen, I think that we have – the capabilities that we have created and the guiding principle of partnering with individuals or entities that as they grow, we grow, okay. I think that that has helped to create a real partnership where we can create a win-win scenario with that most important win being the clients and customers that we serve, okay. And so, we have – whether you're talking about health plans or – we've got relationships with more than 70 health plans, and we've talked a lot about how – in the Med D space, how we've created a compelling offering, where SilverScript can be a competitor in the market. But we can also support the Med D products for other health plans and how we've seen in the market that, through that relationship, they're growing faster than the overall market. And I think the opportunities that we continue to see for innovation, I think, gives us the comfort level that even on the Retail side, we can partner with – as you pointed out, with – in a differentiated way from perhaps how we've thought about that in the past. So, I think we're pleased with the capabilities that we're able to offer and the value that that can create in the marketplace.
Larry J. Merlo: And we've been talking about, as healthcare migrates to more value-based care or outcomes, that the market may not be thinking about it in the right way that the networks are not going to be based simply on unit costs. They're going to be based on unit cost and the ability to affect outcomes through clinical performance measures. So, at the end of the day, that's what this network is all about.
Larry J. Merlo: Ricky, it's Larry. When you look – when you think about partnering, you sit here and you ask the question. If somebody's able to do something that perhaps doesn't exist in the marketplace, we're certainly open to understanding and working with them in that regard. I think that you've heard this morning from us and quite frankly from others in terms of some of the – whether you're talking about capabilities or some of the challenges to entry that we're sitting here saying, there's a lot that we're doing today and there's more that can be done. So, you would never close the door on any type of partnership, but you have to look at what those capabilities may bring that aren't being met in the marketplace today.
Larry J. Merlo: Kevin, it's Larry. We've talked a lot about tax, and the fact that our effective tax rate is over 39% or around there, that any type of meaningful comprehensive reform should be beneficial to our business. And we've got our folks going through the House version that was released last week. And listen, there will be a lot more to say about that in the coming days and weeks as it goes through Ways and Means and then the Senate weighs in.
Larry J. Merlo: Okay. So, just wrapping up, we appreciate everybody's time bright and early on a Monday morning. And if anyone has any follow-up items, Mike McGuire is available for that as well. So, thanks everyone and we'll see you next month.
David M. Denton: Hey, George, it's Dave here. I'd just add to that. If you think about moving members into one of our channels because we now touch many elements of healthcare given all the assets that we have, when those members move in our channel, typically what we have been able to prove quantitatively is we deliver better outcomes in totality to those members. So there's an incentive to do that, number one, just from an outcomes perspective. And then secondly, it's not always about care delivery in the MinuteClinics, it's really about patient engagement. And to the degree that we engage with those patients, we can educate them on where is the best site of care or how best can they engage in the healthcare system at the most cost-effective point of entry. I think those two components really demonstrate our ability to improve outcomes and engage with that member to advance their journey on improving their healthcare.
David M. Denton: Hey, James, this is Dave. I think what we've continued to do is, I'll say, rationalize our promotional spend across the channel. And I think what's important as you look at same-store sales, it's probably more important to look at the gross profit yield on those. You're seeing our gross profit, certainly in the front, continue to improve on a sequential basis and a year-over-year basis. And naturally the focus that we have. I would say, we were slightly better than expected, but I don't think our performance was out of line any major respects.
David M. Denton: So mostly this was driven by the rate of beneficiaries using their Medicare Part D policy. And so they're moving through that benefit this year more slowly than what they moved through last year. And as you know, as the insurance company hits certain reinsurance corridors, the insurance company either earns, I'll say, higher profits during that period or actually can even be in a loss position during the timing. Given that cadence of beneficiary utilization, profits this year are being shifted out of Q3 and into Q4. And so we have very good line of sight to that.
David M. Denton: Yeah. Hey, Eric, this is Dave. We can't give you a ton of color on that at this point in time. It'll be something we'll discuss at Analyst Day. I will say that our – that conceptually, intellectually how we've thought about this has not changed. Obviously, we underwrite each one of these – I'll say underwrite. We look financially at each one of these relationships and make sure that it's both good for the client, good for the member and good for us, both short-term and long-term. So, I think our approach to this is pretty disciplined.
David M. Denton: Hey, Alvin, this is Dave. I think our business model, as we think about how it stands today and we think about the evolving healthcare marketplace and landscape, I think we're very nicely positioned here. The assets that we've assembled really engage members and lower cost and provides a really robust access point into healthcare. And I think if you look for the next 3, 5, 10 years, those elements are really critical. So, we do like our business model. M&A and continuing to supplement our business model has always been at the core of our business, and we will continue to do that as we look forward.
David M. Denton: Our experience is pretty complete in this area, because if you look at our book of business at Caremark when we've sold-in Maintenance Choice and given members now options to either utilize the mail channel or utilize the retail channel, within six months, we see about half of the volume move out of the mail channel into the retail channel. I think what's unique about our business model, and Helena touched upon this a bit, is we're creating a model here where the consumer doesn't necessarily have to choose consistently they're going to use mail or they're going to use retail. They're going to be able to pivot and choose what's best for them and engage with us what's best for them at that period of time. So I think this is a real differentiator in our business model going forward.
David M. Denton: Hey, Ricky, this is Dave. That's probably something that we'll cover in more depth at Analyst Day. So I'm going to ask you to hold that question until then. We'll go through that in some detail.
David M. Denton: Kevin, I just think at the end of the day, given our profile from being a really high taxpayer that most scenarios would have us benefiting at the end of the day.
David M. Denton: It's probably too early to tell on that. I will say though that to the degree that we have relief, there's a lot of investments that we think we can make within our business model that can more rapidly expand our business model across the country and deliver better care and higher quality and lower cost. So we would look to take the benefit of that and invest it clearly.
David M. Denton: Yes, it is one-time. One of our states has a receivable that we've essentially factored, if you think about that one.
David M. Denton: Hey, Scott, it's Dave. A couple things, one is from a clinic perspective, we took a somewhat pause on expanding clinics geographically, only really due to two things. One is we wanted to make sure that we had the EPIC system fully up and running across our enterprise. We've done that. And two, as we purchased the clinics within the Target pharmacies, we want to make sure – the Target locations, we want to make sure that we're fully integrated from that perspective. We'll get back on a growth rate trajectory going forward. There's no doubt about that. And then from a leverage perspective, as you know, at this point in time, our balance sheet and our ratings are very important to us. We've been very focused on that. We've been very committed to managing that. At the moment, we're a bit, I'll say, over-levered in the sense of our target at 2.7 times. We hover around 3 times. Our objective, obviously, is to begin to delever over time, and we'll grow our way out of that over the next several periods.
David M. Denton: It's actually a really big speculatory question. We would make the right investments in our business model to do what's best for us long term, and we would evaluate it on each transaction point at time.
David M. Denton: We're not focused on that, Priya. We're focused on maintaining our high BBB rating, and that's consistent with our leverage targets that we've established at 2.7 times. So that's not what we're focusing on as of this point.
David M. Denton: We have – we've been a little low on the sale-leaseback offering at this point in time. Keep in mind that with the Target pharmacy acquisition, we kind of scaled back, if you will, our organic store development program just a tad. So, because of that business decision, the sale-leaseback offering has been relatively anemic.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Hey, George, this is Jon. The only other thing I would add is that we see our clients offering an X or a range of plan designs that allow us to move patients into our channel. So one can simply be access to the patient where we explain to them that they don't need to go to the hospital for infusion, but they can actually get it done at home. And so we see a lot of patients not even realizing they can do that, so that becomes an incentive. We see plans creating incentives to move them into one of our channels, which is – Larry talked about that with MinuteClinic and the reduction of copays. And finally, there's the actual narrowing of the networks which we'll see for both Coram and some of our other assets.
Jonathan C. Roberts: And this is Jon. Just to add a couple more specifics, so the initial coverage limit was raised this year by $400, so that means members got to the donut hole a little slower. And then we're seeing less inflation. So I think those two factors is exactly what's causing what Dave explained.
Jonathan C. Roberts: And I'll use diabetes as an example. It continues to be a trend driver for plan sponsors, and that's both on the pharmacy side and medical side with 30 million people with diabetes. And so our Transform Care Diabetes program delivers on the objectives of lowering drug costs plus lowering overall healthcare cost. And so, we combine a managed formulary with our diabetes network to control cost and guarantee a year-over-year diabetes trend of 10% or less, and that really depends on the clients mix. And then, for patients, we provide clinical support through diabetes coaching, pharmacist counseling, MinuteClinic monitoring, as well as digital solutions like a connected glucometer to help patients better manage their condition. So, that's an example where payers are willing to move those members into our channel. We get value there, and we're delivering unit cost savings on the drug as well as lower overall healthcare cost.
Jonathan C. Roberts: And John, this is Jon. If you just think about diabetes, and we have all the pharmacies that are serving a client's diabetic members, working on adherence, and if they can lower the A1C by 1%, that actually saves $5,800 over the course of the year. So, the power of being able to lower overall healthcare cost, I think, really has been underappreciated by the market. And so, this network with – that we're calling high performance network with CVS, Walgreens and independents does deliver unit cost savings. But I think even more importantly, it delivers clinical outcomes. And part of the reimbursement to these pharmacies will be based on their ability to deliver clinical outcomes. So, we've selected providers that we believe have the best capability. And as I am out in the market talking to clients, we have not seen as much penetration in narrow networks as we historically have seen, because it was historically unit cost savings. But as we add this clinical component, we're seeing much more interest in moving down this path.
