Larry J. Merlo: Okay. Well, thanks, Nancy. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I'm very pleased with the solid third quarter results we posted today. Revenues increased 10.3%, while adjusted earnings per share increased 12.5% to $1.29, coming in at the higher end of our guidance range. And adjusted EPS excludes any acquisition-related items, consistent with how we provided guidance. And Dave will cover how you should be modeling our adjusted EPS for the rest of the year now that the Omnicare acquisition has closed. For those of you who may not be aware, I'm pleased to announce that Rocky Kraft, previously CFO of Omnicare, is now the President of our Long-Term Care Pharmacy group and you'll have an opportunity to hear from Rocky at our Analyst Day. In the third quarter, excluding transaction and integration costs, operating profit in the Retail Long-Term Care business increased 8.4%, while operating profit in the Pharmacy Services Segment increased 7%. Now those numbers do include Omnicare's operating results as of August 18. On an underlying basis, versus our guidance, excluding the acquisition, Retail operating profit growth was in line with expectations, while the PBM was just above our guidance range. We generated approximately $1.3 billion of free cash during the quarter, $3.4 billion year-to-date, enabling us to continue to return significant value to our shareholders. Now given our solid performance this quarter and the closing of the Omnicare transaction, we are narrowing our guidance range by raising the lower end. We currently expect to achieve adjusted EPS for 2015 of $5.14 to $5.18. And this guidance includes the Omnicare operations and the debt we issued in July. It excludes acquisition-related bridge financing, transaction and integration costs. And Dave will provide more detail during his financial review. Before providing a business update, acknowledging the complexities in modeling our business, as a result of two acquisitions, we want to provide you with some early clarity for 2016. We outlined it in this morning's press release and I'm going to turn it over to Dave to cover the details.
Larry J. Merlo: Okay. Thanks, Dave. And just wrapping up, obviously we're confident, we believe we have the right strategy for long-term growth in this evolving health care marketplace. Our integrated model and unique suite of assets remain unmatched and we remain focused on driving sustainable growth with an enterprise mindset. So again, we're pleased with the quarter we announced today and remain well positioned to continue to grow, gain share, deliver on our targets and return value to our shareholders. Let me just add that we hope you found all of the details that we provided this morning very helpful. I know we covered a lot of ground and I'm sure you have questions, so let's go ahead and open it up for those questions.
Larry J. Merlo: Ross, good morning. It's Larry. It's a great question, Ross. And we feel really good about our positioning in the marketplace and our strategy and as you've heard us talk in the past, we've talked about aggregating lives and growing share and recognizing the multitude of ways in which we can manage those lives with access, quality and cost in mind, and our focus around that has been to look at the differentiated ways that we can grow our core business and at the same time broaden our base of services. So, I think many of the variables that we've talked about in the marketplace, I don't think those variables have changed. Whether it's talking about margin compression or the contribution from generics, obviously there're going to be ebbs and flows in terms of the timing of those variables, but we feel that we're very well positioned recognizing that the health care marketplace is evolving and we see ourselves as an important player.
Larry J. Merlo: And, Bob, it's Larry. As you know, for some time now, we've messaged our focus around enterprise growth and as we've talked and we've provided some examples, the reality of that is, we could have a segment of our business be sub-optimized for a greater enterprise growth and a good example of that is the high-growth specialty business that as we talked about how Specialty Connect works and the fact that it leverages our retail channel assets, but as a result of fulfillment occurring through the PBM channel, you see that economically flow through the PBM segment. So, we always appreciate the fact that you'd like to have an apples-to-apples comparison to our primary Retail and PBM competitors, but the reality is that's not how we're running the business, and by the way we think that's a good thing because of what we've been able to do when you look at enterprise growth and I think as we bring more innovation into the marketplace, those lines continue to get more and more blurred and it becomes harder and harder to create that apples-to-apples comparison.
Larry J. Merlo: And, Ricky, I think you can – there's a parallel example with the acquisitions and I think as we may have communicated when we announced Omnicare, we'll see the benefit of cost synergy and purchasing synergy sooner than we will revenue synergy. And we see the opportunities, we've talked about the opportunity to grow share, especially in the assisted and independent living space, but it will take some time to sell in those programs.
Larry J. Merlo: And, Ricky, just to add to Dave's point, you think about the impact of the Affordable Care Act. Dave talked about the bolus that we've seen from the rapid Medicaid expansion. And we're going to continue to see more lives enter into the health care system as the Affordable Care Act further evolves. And I don't want to make a political statement about Medicaid expansion, but we still have approximately 20 states that have not expanded Medicaid and there is a question in terms of is that more a question of when versus if and so there is still opportunity for more lives to enter the health care delivery system.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Lisa, it's a great question. I think it kind of goes back to the conversation we were just having. We definitely see the opportunities there as we've begun to have some discussions. But I do think that maybe we see a little bit in the later part of 2016. I really think it's more a 2017 and beyond opportunity. There is a parallel to how Dave was talking about the health plan business that you garner the business and then you have to sell in those programs. And we're in the process of doing the evaluation and the understanding of exactly what is the optimal value proposition that adds value for the long-term care operators and their residents. So more to come on that. As I mentioned earlier, we will see the benefits of purchasing and cost synergy as we go through our integration activities throughout 2016.
Larry J. Merlo: Lisa, I'll go ahead and start and Jon is here. He'll jump in. We are continuing to see adoption of programs like Maintenance Choice, Pharmacy Advisor. We'll put some – once we – once – as Dave mentioned, once we finalize everything for 2016, we'll provide some additional color and details at Analyst Day. So, those programs are continuing to add value. I'll turn it over to Jon.
Larry J. Merlo: And, George, I do – it's Larry. The second part of your question, I do think we're seeing and we will see a growing appetite for preferred or premium or restricted networks, whatever verbs or words you want to use. And if you look at the Medicaid space, we've seen that. Okay? We've got – today we've got more than half the Medicaid business that is now no longer fee-for-service. It's managed Medicaid. And I think as Jon mentioned a minute ago, clients are continuing to look for cost saving ways in which they can reduce their overall pharmacy spend.
Larry J. Merlo: And, Dave, if you go back to our Analyst Day last December, I think it might have been in Jon's presentation when we looked at the employer segment and the health plan segment. And we showed what percent of pharmacy business went through one of our distribution channels, and in the employer segment, that number was in the high 50%s, in the health plan segment that number was in the high 20%s, recognizing the point that you and Dave were just making, and obviously, it takes a while, but at the same time, there's a lot of white space there and a big opportunity for growth as we go forward
Larry J. Merlo: Well, John, I'll take the first part, and then ask Helena to comment on our personalization efforts. But John, as you know, we have been one of the leaders in that space and I would turn around and tell you that we have not capped our opportunity in terms of operating margin performance. And if you think about the fact that, again, we continue to be focused on ways in which we can become even more productive and efficient, but it's also about growing the top line and the benefits in growing share, the leverage that that creates for the bottom line as we're able to leverage a lot of those fixed costs across that next sales dollar. So, we certainly see opportunities for more growth there.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Mark, it's Larry. Our growth without Omnicare in specialty was 27%. I think in our prepared remarks, we said it was 32% with Omnicare included. Mark, our views on all this noise about price controls, it's not the first time we've heard that rhetoric in the market. As Dave mentioned, we get up every day and focus on how we can reduce costs for our clients and we've got a multitude of ways that we have done that across both the traditional pharmacy business, as well as the specialty business, and there are solutions to further reducing costs. And the umbrella centers around introducing more competition within therapeutic classes that would allow us to do an even more effective job with what we do today. And I'm sure you are aware there is a backlog of approvals, awaiting decision in the FDA. That's certainly one way to increase competition and at the same time, there is a huge opportunity to reduce costs by focusing on site of care administration and getting the right reimbursements aligned that promotes that method of delivery versus care being delivered in an outpatient center and we've been able to demonstrate the savings that we can create for clients and their members through Coram with infusions in our retail infusion site or at home.
Larry J. Merlo: Well I think it goes back, Mark, a little bit to what Dave was talking about in terms of, as you look across the enterprise, okay, we could see different effects and different segments, but across our enterprise we believe that it would have a muted and immaterial effect.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Eric, it's Larry. There's really, I'm sorry, Bob. Okay. We just hung up with Eric. So, sorry, Bob. Okay. I'm going to pay a dear price for that, I know. Okay. Bob, there's really – the business has been performing as it had earlier in the year as an independent public company. We haven't seen anything material in terms of client changes or anything of that nature. So, as I mentioned, we feel good with the performance and the integration activities are off to a very good start.
Larry J. Merlo: It has not yet. But as we stated when we announced the acquisition that our plan would be and our plan is to migrate the generic sourcing to Red Oak and that activity is being executed as we speak. And we'll be completed early next year.
Larry J. Merlo: That particular product is really not a good proxy for us to comment on because it's largely a product that is utilized in a hospital setting. So it really is not largely dispensed within our distribution channel.
Larry J. Merlo: Listen, everyone, we know this was a rather lengthy call with an awful lot of information and we certainly appreciate the questions and we will look forward to seeing everyone on December 16 in New York.
David M. Denton: Hey, Ross. This is Dave. I think if you go back and look at how we guided on Q2 and looked at our Q3 guidance and then therefore our implied Q4 guidance, Q4 has not from a core basis, changed. Essentially what we've done, we've added a couple of pennies into Q4 based on the inclusion of Omnicare's business, but fundamentally Q4 from our expectations has not deteriorated. In fact, it has remained solid and has remained consistent from our projections.
David M. Denton: Well, I'm not sure that I see much change in our business from that perspective. As we look at our business and we look at how we're performing, we continue to grow and gain share in both segments of our business. Now we have an additional channel to serve from an Omnicare perspective, and obviously we look forward to the addition of the Target pharmacies in our base business. So I think our outlook remains strong from that perspective and we see solid growth across both segments, excluding the acquisitions.
David M. Denton: No, I think what is important is as you think about our business, and to your point, there's a lot of moving parts here, but the thesis of our financial performance has not changed. I think the cadence in some cases changes based on when generics come to market, as an example, or when competition enters into one of our formulary classes, all of which can influence the cadence of when profits occur, not that they're going to occur over time. So I think the fundamental thesis of our financial model and our business model remains intact.
David M. Denton: Ricky, This is Dave. And I'm sure Larry will tag on here. I think – I don't think that's the correct thesis here. I think what you see is that in some of these businesses, especially I'll use our selling season of next year as a good example, as we won a lot of health plan business. It takes us time to kind of sell in different programs and services that add value to them and add value to us, and that value to us is driving share into one of our dispensing channels. So the reimbursement pressure happens more rapidly and the share gains happen over time, so this is more of a cadence issue or a cadence discussion than it is a long-term financial outlook discussion.
David M. Denton: Ricky, it's Dave. It's probably a little too early to go through that at this point in time. It's certainly something we'll discuss at Analyst Day. I just will step back and remind you that I do think that if you look across the industry, the pharmacy utilization or prescription utilization across the industry is still pretty solid. I think we've experienced a little bit of weakness as we're cycling, quite frankly, the bolus of Medicaid expansion last year and probably a little bit of softness in some seasonality scripts. But for the most part, utilization has been pretty good and we think that long-term secular trend in utilization should be robust as pharmacy is the most economical way to treat many of these chronic disease states, and you see that chronic disease states increase as age increases and the over 65 population continues to expand as a percent of total. So, I think the outlook for utilization is strong over the long-term.
David M. Denton: Yeah, George, that's a great question. We're not going to – we can't do that today. We're not going to do that today. I will say one thing about that is that you've heard Larry and I speak and others speak about this in the past. As we've been very focused on as we think about our participation in Medicare Part D in preferred situations in the sense that being a preferred provider in some of those networks, we look at the economics, we model the economics and we make decisions that's in the best interest of our company on how we participate in those. And so we have chosen in many cases not to participate but it doesn't make good economic sense and we participate where we can actually drive value for the plan participants in the plans and the payers that we support in that space. And we're very focused, we're very disciplined on that and we make very I think rational decisions there.
David M. Denton: Well, what we have said is that the reimbursement, the intensity of the reimbursement pressure has not changed, but we have seen obviously consistent with what we said at last Analyst Day is that Medicare and Medicaid are really the areas of growth in this business at the moment and they carry a lower margin rate and that's the reality. And as we indicated before, we work kind of three ways to kind of offset that reimbursement pressure in our business. First, we work to improve our purchasing economics. And we've been pretty creative in that fashion. Red Oak's a great example, or exclusive formularies are a great example of how we reduce our cost of goods sold. Secondly, we work hard to improve the efficiency across our operation. We put in technologies and processes to make us fill our scripts more efficiently throughout all of our store base and in our mail centers. And finally, and most importantly, we work to put programs in place that drive value for our payers but also drive share into one of our dispensing channels. And those efforts, they take time. They take time to implement. And we're working hard at that. You've seen rapid adoption of Maintenance Choice. There's – and you see, you are beginning to see some adoption of, I'll say, limited networks in some Medicaid areas. But we continue to push in that area to offset those margin pressures.
David M. Denton: Dave, this is Dave. Just a couple of things. First and foremost, our focus is to lower cost for the payers and clients that we serve. And every day we come to work focused against that. I would say that from a generic standpoint, there has been a lot of chatter around generic inflation in the industry. Keep in mind, generics overall are a deflationary category for us, and they continue to be a deflationary category. We have been effective at managing that, and that has had essentially an immaterial impact on our performance. And we expect that inflation events going forward to have an immaterial effect on our performance as well. On the branded side of the world, we continue to model specifically what's happening from a branded inflation standpoint. We look at that very specifically molecule-by-molecule. Our expectation is that branded inflation will continue to occur. And again, we use many tools across our business to drive costs down in those categories, particularly within our formulary management aspect. We do think that if there's a deceleration or an acceleration of branded inflation, we don't believe it to have a material effect across our line of business, all of our businesses.
David M. Denton: That's correct. I think the challenge, as I said in my prepared remarks, an employer with one decision maker can make the decision for their entire book of business. So at a stroke of a pen, an employer who has 100,000 member group can offer Maintenance Choice. In health plans, that's not how it works. A health plan might really want to adopt Maintenance Choice, as an example, but then they have to go get their sales teams to go out and call upon all of their clients. And they sell that program in client by client by client. And that just takes time.
David M. Denton: Priya, good question. I think what we have – I think the market is still robust for us from a sale leaseback perspective. I think we have used multiple mechanisms to support our program; I think that has allowed us to ensure that we competitively price all of our programs. We are – I think it's a great program. I think we've done a good job of making sure that we have a lot of active participants in the program, and that has allowed us to, I think, drive costs out of the program quite frankly. Again, like the pharmacy business, competition especially helps and we work hard to create competition in the space
David M. Denton: Scott, that's a great question. Listen, I think that's probably a topic mostly for Analyst Day, quite frankly at this point in time. I would say as we look forward, our growth rate is still pretty robust. I think that we continue to work to gain share, we are gaining share and growing our business across both segments. And as we indicated a little bit, the opportunity really is probably to grow dispensing share over time. And that just – unfortunately that just doesn't happen out of the gate. We have to work hard to do that over time, and I think you are seeing some of that.
David M. Denton: Yeah, I think, I am sorry, maybe I will clarify my comment. The softness that we've seen a little bit is mainly around the acute seasonal business.
David M. Denton: And I don't know if that is due to dynamics from a weather perspective, over what have you, but that's really been the softness. And then secondly, we are cycling the expansion of Medicaid, the Medicaid programs from last year. So that kind of I'd say, dilutes the year-over-year growth rate, if you will.
David M. Denton: Eric, you're getting way ahead of it here, buddy. 2017. I think let's just focus on 2016 at the moment. Listen, again, I think we're pretty confident in our outlook for next year. We continue to make progress, as I say, gaining and growing share across both of our business segments. I would say that as we talked about our financial plan, we always talked about the fact that we include bolt-on acquisitions in our plan, and that is consistent with our expectation.
David M. Denton: But I will go back. Eric, one thing. As I said earlier, when we made those financial targets, we set those financial targets, we have been, I'd say, trending to the high side of those targets through 2013 through 2016. And those financial targets remain in place. We think they're appropriate for our business and our business model and the environment we compete in. And so we are not – we stand behind those and none of that has changed.
David M. Denton: We also did – we did Coram and other acquisitions as well. So you can't predict the timing of some of these acquisitions. They happen when they happen when the market's available, so...
David M. Denton: This is Dave. I think obviously in the short run the real opportunity – the immediate-term opportunity is improving the COGS within those businesses, specifically as they transition into our program. As you know, Red Oak is focused on partnering with generic manufacturers to drive, I'll say, win-win scenarios that drive cost improvements for us and also savings for them from a manufacturing perspective. And I think the team has done just a terrific job getting our program up and running and this is a job that's not done, we're constantly working on this and we're constantly figuring out ways to improve our supply chain, reduce cost of generics that we procure.
