Tom Cowhey: Sure, maybe -- thanks Lisa. Maybe I'll take the first part of that, and I'll ask Brian to take the back parts. So as you think about what changed from our Investor Day, we actually saw really high levels of paid claims in the back half of December. And we noted that when we appeared at your conference in January. As we dove deeper into what went on in the fourth quarter, maybe let me just walk you through kind of what we've seen in aggregate. So if you start with the fourth quarter of 2023 and just let's think about its impact on the full-year performance. So we ended the year at 86.2%, which was about 20 basis points higher than our guidance. Roughly half of that pressure is things that we do not believe should carry into 2024. So key drivers of that would be things like Medicaid pass-through payments and also higher SEP membership. As you know, once redeterminations start to end in the first-half, we shouldn't see that same sort of pressure in the back half of this year. And we've also repositioned our portfolio across the board in individual. As you think about the other half, that 10 basis points, that's all related to the trend pressure that we saw in Medicare. So it's a lot of the same categories, though, that we've been talking about all year and that we've been trying to actively get ahead of in our guidance. So outpatient trend accelerated slightly in the fourth quarter, so hips and knees. We also continue to see elevated trends in supplemental benefits, but really it's more dental and vision than the OTC cards that we talked about earlier this year. And finally, we saw some pressure in the quarter from vaccinations, which is really RSV related. As we look across the other categories, the cost trends themselves on a dollar basis, they're essentially in line with where it is that we thought that they would be. So how does that translate then into '24? We've taken that 10 basis points of pressure, and we've pulled it through into the 2024 baseline. So accordingly, we've increased our estimate for medical costs by over $400 million in our forward guidance for '24. With the additional mix impacts from the new members, that additional 200,000 plus that we've talked about since Investor Day, we think that, that gets you to about a 50 basis point increase, which is the totality of what we've done this morning. As I said in the prepared remarks, I'd just remind you, when we first started talking about our guidance for 2024 at the second quarter call, we talked about putting an additional provision into 2024 for enhanced utilization. We've maintained that provision in our guidance. And so we hope that, that will be a prudent posture but we want to see where trends are going to settle. I'd also just note that as you think about the Medicare business now, that book is now only projected to be marginally profitable in 2024, and that's something that we will actively be looking to address with our 2025 bids. I'll turn it over to Brian.
Tom Cowhey: Nate, why don't I take the second part of your question first, and then I'll turn it back over to Brian. So as you look at the year-over-year MBR increase, almost the entirety of it is related to the Medicare Advantage business. So there are some smaller items. So we have an improvement in our individual exchange business. And then there's some other offsets there. But we also -- as we think about our guidance, we never project prior year reserve development. And so that's that -- those two, for the most part, net. And so what you were left with is the vast majority of the increase is related to Medicare. And so about 65 basis points of that specifically relates to the $800 million Stars headwind that we have. And then the remainder is a combination of provisions for the new member mix, because we're assuming a higher MBR there and that, that will be plus or minus breakeven and then the rest of it is really a provision for Medicare utilization pressure.
Tom Cowhey: Nate, I might just say one of the things that we spent a lot of time looking at specifically was inpatient. And there are some puts and takes there. But on the whole, that category remains consistent with our expectations. Now we did make a provision in both our bids and therefore -- which is incorporated in our guidance for the changes that would happen in January from the two midnight rule. That's fully encapsulated inside the guide, and it's something that we're obviously watching very closely because of -- to make sure that our estimate is consistent with what we're going to see come through the system.
Tom Cowhey: Josh. Maybe let me wrap this up. The -- as we think about this from the enterprise perspective, all of our businesses need to earn their cost of capital and they need to earn their return on that capital. And so as you think about Medicare, it's a mid-$60s billion revenue business that we targeted a 4% to 5% margin on for 2023. We clearly didn't achieve that. And as we look at our projections for 2024, as I noted, it's only marginally profitable. As you think about that business, we're putting a high-teens percentage of dollars and risk-based capital behind every dollar of premium. And so it's imperative that, that business earn its margin to earn its cost of capital and returns on capital. That's just how we think about it from an enterprise perspective. And we've spent a lot of money over the course of 2023 to develop capabilities, which we believe will be additive. And we have been very specific with investors about what we expect those returns on capital to be over time, and we're committed to achieving them, which means we're committed to achieving target margins in each of those businesses that we acquired.
Tom Cowhey: Yes. As you think about that, I noted this a little bit in the prepared remarks, as we think about what the external utilization environment looks like, we felt it was prudent to recognize that as a multi-payer business, that there could be impacts outside our ecosystem that might pull through into that business. As Mike said, we spent a lot of time -- he spends a lot of time thinking about what the reserving practice are and what their medical cost trends are inside the Oak Street and also our ACO businesses. And we try to supplement that as we can with other insights about what it is that we're seeing across our book. But as we thought about what we're hearing in the marketplace, what we saw in our own book in the fourth quarter, we thought it was prudent to pull through some of that potential utilization pressure into our outlook, primarily at our Health Care Delivery assets.
Tom Cowhey: Yes, Steve, I think that it's important as you think about the guide that you realized two things. Number one, Health Care Delivery is part of a much larger segment, right? And so we believe that we've made appropriate provisions in the segmental guidance there for what the potential pressures might look like. The second thing I would just remind you is that we had a very successful 2023 in those businesses. And so those businesses were able to successfully manage through the pressures that we and most of our peers saw in Medicare Advantage and still achieve the targets that we were looking for out of those businesses in 2023. So we were very pleased with that performance. And -- but we took a prudent outlook and cautious hopefully, outlook as we thought about where 2024 might land based on the external environment.
Tom Cowhey: [Nate] (ph), as you think about this business, one of the things that we've said that we've tried to consistently is to grow share to help to offset reimbursement pressures. And as you look at the fourth quarter, we certainly had -- I'm sorry, that was Allen, we certainly had -- we had same-store growth. You got to really think about what the impact of store closures might be as you think about our overall market share. But we had same-store growth in prescriptions that was in the high 4% range versus a market that grew in kind of mid-2s. And so we feel like the teams really continue to execute really well in helping to drive to the results that ultimately get us onto the long-term trajectory that we outlined at Investor Day.
Tom Cowhey: Hey John, I don't know that we're going to give a specific on that as you think about RSV. I would say net because of the relative market share differences between our pharmacy business and the Aetna business. That tends to be a net tailwind for the enterprise. We did see pressure inside fourth quarter in the -- in particular, in our Medicare business, but also a little bit in the commercial business inside Aetna as you think about those vaccinations. Correspondingly, we saw more of a benefit in the Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness segment. As we think about 2024, given the newness of some of these vaccines, what we've tried to do is take a little bit more cautious outlook as we thought about what the pull-through might be for that outperformance in the fourth quarter. And that's why the beat doesn't match the raise as you think about ‘24. We'd like to see a little bit more history here before we lean in on that projection.
Tom Cowhey: Thanks, Erin. Maybe I'll start with Cordavis. I'd say we've been very pleased with the progress to-date. And we do have a projection for a positive contribution from that business inside the Health Services segment. And we'll continue to give more details on that as we get through the year. But we haven't disclosed that specific contribution at this point. And maybe I'll turn it over to Karen to talk a little bit more about PBM transparency.
Brian Kane: Yes. I would just add on the new members, Lisa, to your question. There's nothing that we've seen in those new members that would give us pause. The risk orders look reasonable. The fact that so many of the members are switchers is a really important component of that. The fact that we have a big portion that are D-SNPs, 1/3, as Tom mentioned in his remarks, matters because we don't have a Stars issue in that book of business. So overall, we feel good about the new membership. And I would just add that, that new membership also has a very important tailwind for 2025 as those members get coded next year and as the cost of the distribution wear off for 2025. So we feel very good about the new members that we received. There's nothing that we've seen that gives us pause there. And we think everything is fully reflected in our 2024 guide, as Tom went through. With respect to your question on supplemental benefits, we believe we've fully reflected the cost of those benefits in our '24 guide. We mentioned on the last quarterly call that we've effectively assumed full utilization of those flex cards that were giving us a lot of challenges this year. And the dental- and vision-type pressure has also been fully reflected in our guide. Again, we feel good, as Tom said, that we fully reflected the '23 baseline in our ‘24 numbers. We put a normalized, very reasonable trend on top of that baseline. And today, we put additional dollars on top of that through the increase in the MBR. So all and all, we feel good about how we're positioned for '24.
Brian Kane: Sure. Thanks, Karen. And I'll just reiterate again that we are committed to the 4% to 5% margin. It's top of mind and extremely important that we get there. As we've said multiple times, it will be a multiyear journey to get there, but we intend to take significant ground against that target in 2025, while also being very disciplined and reflecting the trends that we see in our business to make sure that's fully reflected in the pricing. Karen mentioned some of the headwinds with respect to the rate notice and that we don't believe it fully reflects medical trend. There are some issues around Part D that we need to work through as the benefit has been meaningfully enhanced as part of the IRA. And also we, as an industry, are taking on a meaningfully more risk in the catastrophic layer that will have to be reflected in our bids, and that's something we intend to do. We are also limited, as you know, by TBC or Total Beneficiary Change limitations that we are working through that could, to some extent, constrain what we're able to do. That being said, we do intend to take additional margin actions. Our goal is to do so in excess of our Stars tailwind that we have. I would also note, as I mentioned in the prior question that Lisa asked, it's really important to think about this 800,000 members that we're getting as a meaningful tailwind to 2025 again, because these members haven't been fully documented from a coding perspective, and because the distribution costs are very expensive throughout the year that will wear off in 2025. And so you get a nice tailwind there. The last point I'd make, which I think is important is that although the IRA did enhance the benefits, as we said on Part D, the result will likely be, notwithstanding some of the risk model changes that were made for PDP, will likely result in meaningful premium increases on the PDP side, which we believe will actually help the relative attractiveness of MA. And I think that's an important component as we think about the attractiveness of MA for 2025. And the last point I'd make, which I think is important, as an industry, not only does MA offer superior benefits, and we believe that even with some of the changes that we intend on making, it will still be a compelling value proposition for our customers. But the thing that doesn't get talked about enough is the significant benefits around care coordination, around navigating the health care system that our members get as a result of choosing MA plan that is far superior to traditional Medicare fee-for-service plan, and that's something that we will be top of mind for us. And our intention is to continue to enhance that experience, especially with our new members to make sure that we retain them for 2025.
Brian Kane: Well, look, I appreciate the question. There's still some questions out there. We got to see where the final rate notice obviously shakes out in terms of overall where margins can go and of course, get a real handle around where we think trend will be for 2025, be very disciplined about that. And so that will be an important calculus as we think about margin recovery. As we think about relative share, look, we believe that we have a compelling value proposition as an enterprise with all the various assets we can bring to bear for our Medicare members. We do think that our Stars coming back does on the margin, provide an advantage there. As I will reiterate again, the significant membership growth that we got in 2024 also gives us some tailwinds going into 2025. But I will tell you, we are first and foremost on recovering margin and market share gains is a secondary consideration. Obviously, we want to grow, as I said in the prior question. We believe this is a compelling space. We believe it's compelling for members. And we believe we have the assets to be able to manage those members and provide superior customer experience relative to the competition. As a consequence, I think we're very well positioned to grow our business and over time take share.
Brian Kane: And with respect to January trends, it's really way too early to comment on that. There's nothing that we've seen in our January data that gives us pause relative to the guidance that we've given today. Obviously, we're going to monitor it very closely, as you can imagine. And as we get more information, we will absolutely share that with you. I would comment just on the risk model, just make a quick comment about the V28 visions, and we talked about this at our Investor Day, not every player is impacted the same way by this. And as we've said, we have a relatively low portion of duals and D-SNPs. It's obviously something that we're growing significantly this year, but we're way over -- way under-indexed to D-SNP relative to some of our competitors. And I think that's an important element because that's a population that's been impacted more by these risk model changes. We also -- and we think this is ultimately an opportunity, but we also are underpenetrated when it comes to our full-risk VBC relationships. And those types of relationships also result in, I would say, bigger impact on V28 relative to a non-VBC type relationship. This is something, again, we want to expand over time, and it's a critical strategic priority for us. But with respect to the risk model change, we're actually benefited by the fact that we have a much lower penetration than some of our peers.
Karen Lynch: Yes. And Lisa, I just want to reemphasize the point that Tom made about 2025, and I said this in our prepared remarks, that we are committed for margin recovery in Medicare Advantage for 2025, and we'll account for that in our bids.
Karen Lynch: Hey Justin, it's Karen, and I'll hand this over to Brian in a second, but I just want to comment on the rate notice because that's critical to how we think about 2025 bids. There's kind of three things I would say here. One is we believe it's in line with our expectations relative to being flat. However, we do not believe it covers overall cost trends that have been emerging in Medicare Advantage. We also know that there's complexity around the risk model. And so we'll be contemplating that as we think about our bids. And then finally, there's some uncertainty around how the Inflation Reduction Act impacts Part D, and that we'll be taking that under consideration when we do our bids as well and providing comments to CMS relative to these points. So all of those will factor in to our bid process, but we will be driving for margin recovery. And let me have Brian specifically answer your detailed questions.
Karen Lynch: Yes, I would say that the comments and the feedback have generally been positive with the discussions. Initially, obviously, there's a lot of details to go through and to work through. But we're really pleased with sort of the initial reaction. And I'll ask Prem to give you a little bit more detail here.
Karen Lynch: And Ann, I would just remind everyone that the industry has continually talked about the importance of driving cost transparency and affordability and simplicity. And with this model and our TrueCost model, we are really kind of leading at the forefront to support those items. And I think as Prem has been out in the market, there is a lot of support for this.
Karen Lynch: So Josh, the way we think about it is 4% to 5% margin needs to be at HCB. And then we get the benefit of our growth from all the other assets that we can bring to bear for the company. So that's our philosophical approach to MA bids. And then relative to how the Healthspire assets can support MA, I'll ask Mike to give you some comments on that.
Karen Lynch: And Allen, I'd also note, and we said this in the prepared remarks that we've been making good progress on our store closures, and we've been retaining scripts and retaining colleagues, which was critical to the success of those store closures as well.
Karen Lynch: And John, strategically, I wouldn't just think about one type of RSV vaccine. I want you to think about kind of an immunization franchise that the retail business has really developed and which is really creating strong value for that business.
Karen Lynch: Yes, relative to what's going on in Washington, obviously, this is -- continued discussions are going on there. I do think that they're talking about transparency. If anything does get passed, I think it will be around transparency. But I would tell you that given some of the actions that we have taken with both TrueCost and CostVantage, that is resonating with the legislators and is helpful in driving overall cost transparency. And I can't predict what's going on in D.C., but I know that we're taking action to improve overall outcome.
Karen Lynch: Yes. Thank you for all joining the call today, and I want to thank our colleagues for their continued commitment to deliver on our performance. Thank you.
Prem Shah: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ann. And what I'd say is we launched model at Analyst Day and really excited about the progress we've made. We've been able to, over the course of the last week, delivered the initial terms and conditions to several of the pharmacy benefit managers are and we're engaged in constructive discussions with all of them. What really excites me is we're leading the way in providing greater transparency in drug pricing and passing through our leading cost of goods through to payers in our new model. So this is not about effectively raising prices. It's about continuing to pass through our size and scale and the acquisition costs that we received back to payers and provide a transparent model that can benefit consumers and payers as we go forward. Remember, one of the biggest challenges as you think about the health care ecosystem, the problems we face is the rising cost of brand drugs. And if you think about what the biggest pain point for our payers is, it's the fact that these brand drugs and specialty drugs now constitute the majority of -- that kind of get passed through to the payers and plan sponsors. It's not the pharmacy reimbursement that's driving that. So -- and just some quick data points on that. If you think about the impact of GLP-1 2022 to the system, it was about $14 million, right? And that continues to grow. So from my perspective, we continue to be -- have good discussions with payers. We're driving forward on eliminating some of the key problems in the systems such as cross subsidization and creating an easier path and a much more transparent path to allow payers and consumers to receive their pharmacy pharmaceuticals in the U.S. and more to come as we make progress over the course of the next couple of quarters.
Prem Shah: Thanks for the question. I'll tell you a few things. One, as we've entered this year and throughout Q4, we've had extremely strong service in our pharmacy businesses. And as we mentioned before, pharmacy relationships are sticky, and they really are driven by the great experiences we can provide at the counter. So we feel really good going to this year as it relates to our service. And there's been a few market disruptions, as you mentioned in the marketplace. From our perspective, we continue to make sure that we invest in our stores in the right way, prioritizing experiences, as I said. And we'll look at certain markets for opportunistic -- buys, if they make sense, as we've historically done over time. But we feel really good about our script performance coming into the year, and it's in line with our expectations as we look at this.
Prem Shah: Yes. I think the -- first and foremost, I think there's a few parts to your question. For -- we've -- delivered our terms and conditions. So the payers now have the ability to understand how our model will work. As a reminder, our model is based on a simple transparent formula that's built upon the underlying acquisition cost of the drug, defined by -- plus a defined markup and dispensing fee. To your point on there's many different ways in pharmacy pricing. My perspective on this is the way we've approached this is in a very transparent way so that payers can receive the benefits of someone like CVS Retail Pharmacy, where we have the operating scale and the operating discipline to drive further acquisition costs down on generics through our procurement and other strategies. And so we will always be held accountable for reducing acquisition costs, deleveraging our scale and size to do that and also performing and delivering services at the lowest price possible. At the same time, payers also need a viable pharmacy marketplace across the community that can provide what I would say is consistent care across all the communities that we serve. So it's critical to meet both of those. And look, it's February 7, so we're still early in this journey, but we're excited about the progress we've made since Analyst Day, and we're going to continue these payer negotiations and payer discussions over the course of the coming weeks and months and we'll provide an update as we go forward. And all the things that you're describing are things that we're contemplating and discussing with payers in a very transparent way to eliminate some of the challenges that this industry has had over the course of the last few decades.
