Larry Merlo: Well. Thanks, Valerie. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. In the third quarter, we continued building on our positive business momentum delivering adjusted earnings per share of $1.84, exceeding the high end of our guidance range. Importantly, this performance was driven by strong operational execution across our enterprise with all three segments performing in line with or above our expectations. And I'll note that $0.04 of our Q3 performance was the result of net realized capital gains and favorable prior year’s development. We generated strong cash flow from operations which enabled us to continue to make progress on deleveraging, all while investing in our core businesses and returning capital to our shareholders through dividends. Given our year-to-date success in executing against our strategic plan, we are raising and narrowing our adjusted earnings per share guidance range to $6.97 to $7.05. And Eva will provide a more in-depth review of our results and increased guidance in her remarks. Now, as we continue to transform CBS into the country’s leading consumer health company, we are successfully executing on our long-term growth strategy across the four-key enterprise-wide priorities we shared at our June Investor Day. Importantly, our teams are working together across the enterprise to maximize value to our members, consumers, patients, and shareholders, and our operational and financial performance this year reflects their efforts. We continue to use our unmatched combination of assets by enhancing and creating products and services to further grow and differentiate our businesses, our first strategic priority. In our Retail, Long-Term Care segment, we continued to drive strong prescription growth using our data and analytics capabilities through targeted proactive member communication. A key differentiator of our retail stores is our ability to meet members and consumers where they are to deliver local personalized care through our MinuteClinics and now our HealthHUBs making healthcare more accessible and affordable. And our approach is clearly resonating in the marketplace and is exemplified both by our continued share gains at retail and the early success of the HealthHUBs. Now in terms of early impact, our HealthHUBs in Houston, which now have about eight months of performance have continued to outperform their control group with higher script volume and Minuteclinic visits along with higher front store sales, traffic, and store margin.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Lisa. Good morning. And I'll start and then I'll flip it over to Kevin. Yeah, Lisa in terms of the numbers themselves as you know we have been qualitative in our definition of performance, and we've done that, it's a very small subset of stores at this point. But as you've heard us say countless times, it absolutely has given us the confidence in the belief in our strategy and the need for a rapid rollout. So, as we get more of a critical mass of stores, you will see us move from qualitative definition to more quantitative definition. And you can think about that sometime in the – probably in the second quarter timeframe, in the spring time frame, where we think we'll have enough of a critical mass and multiple geographies across the country. And Lisa, in terms of 2020 impact, as we've talked, the rollout will go through 2020 as well as 2021. And you really have two dynamics in play here. You've got gaining that critical mass of HealthHUBs as well as the opportunities for client adoption. So, I do believe that that will take some time. I wouldn't expect that we will see a material impact in 2020. I think it's more 2021 that we'll see that happening. But again, we're extremely excited in terms of what we have seen and what we've learned in Houston, and I'll flip it over to Kevin to pick-up on that third question.
Larry Merlo: Yeah. Hey, Charles, it's Larry. You can think about that, we'll probably be in the zip code next year of 600 to 650 stores by year-end.
Larry Merlo: So Ricky, as you know that's one of the highest-trending medical cost categories that we have. And we've been working very closely with Derica's team on managing those specialty drugs and that specialty costs. And we are introducing some new capabilities into the market relative to 2020. It's a critically important concern for our customers, particularly with the new drugs that are coming out that have very high cost. So we are looking at innovative capabilities around stop-loss potentially. And again, we've introduced our NovoLogix capabilities across our portfolio, which I think will bring those costs -- we're hoping to bring those costs down and in line. So we're really excited. And as we've been talking to our customers they're excited about the possibilities there as well.
Larry Merlo: Yeah. George, it's Larry. Good morning. Maybe just a couple of things to be reminded of as we went through the first half of this year, keep in mind we have the additional investments that we made back in 2018 that cycled through the first half. Largely, the investments in tax reform as it rolled back into our retail business for our colleagues. And then George, I would take us back to the Analyst Day in terms of -- we provided the headwinds, tailwinds as we looked at next year. And there's nothing different that we see today from what we had talked about back in June. And as you pointed out, we don't see reimbursement pressure abating, but the offsets to that reimbursement pressure have some dynamics in 2020 that we did not face in 2019. When you look at the contribution of generics as one example.
Larry Merlo: Ann, good morning. I'll take your first question and flip it over to Derica. Ann your first question on rebates, look if you go back what the last year, 1.5 years the debate was roll the PBMs what happens to the rebate dollars. And as we sit here today I think the debate has now shifted not on the PBMs, but to the manufacturers in terms of why are the list prices what they are and the data has proven the value that PBMs have brought to the marketplace in terms of reducing the net price of pharmaceuticals through formulary management et cetera. So we don't see that dynamic changing. And as a matter of fact, some of the various bills that are currently in committees today broaden the tools that have been proven to be successful for the PBMs in terms of introducing more competition across therapeutic classes to include biosimilars and some of the things that have delayed competition from entering the marketplace.
Larry Merlo: Yes. I think as you look -- listen, we've indicated all of our businesses are performing well. As you look at the mix of our business and its government has really grown, we look at the overall MBR as an indicator around the health of our business. The other thing that I would highlight is just recall SilverScript is now part of the MBR related to the healthcare benefits segment which is larger than the legacy Aetna PDP and it performs differently within the MBR essentially reverse of the typical managed care.
Larry Merlo: Yeah. So thank you. And we're really excited about being awarded the Texas program. We believe that some of the reasons why we won, we really believe we had a compelling RFP response. We have very strong existing value-based provider contracts in Texas. We had a very unique partnership with Texi Healthy Home area age -- aging agencies. We made a commitment to the DNT plan. We offered our Texas HealthHUB in that we believe helped us and we believe that our NCQA ratings helped us as well. 
Larry Merlo: Thanks Steve. So look let me just wrap up. It's really hard to believe that at the end of the month, we're going to celebrate our first anniversary as one company. And I could not be more pleased and proud of the commitment and engagement of our nearly 300,000 colleagues all across the country. And as you've heard us talk this morning, our integrated model is designed to drive higher engagement, enhancing access to high-quality health care and reduce costs and create better health outcomes. And ultimately, that's going to feel and accelerate our revenue and EPS growth over the long-term. And I think again as you heard this morning our entire organization is laser-focused on executing the plan that brings that strategy to life. So let me thank everyone for their time this morning and we'll talk to all of you soon.
Kevin Hourican: Thanks, Larry. Good morning, Lisa. Thanks for the question. I'll just build on the second part of your question which was the services provided. The new wellness product that we've added to the front store continues to do well, including the products that we're selling in the sleep apnea space helping fill white space in an unmet consumer demand. We're bullish on the MinuteClinic expanded services getting into chronic disease management in a more coordinated way. We believe it's in collaboration with primary care to answer your question in replacement of primary care. In the pharmacy space, we're excited about what our pharmacists are doing in partnership with data coming to us from the Aetna business unit on which patients need our greatest help on a longitudinal way. So it's not one phone call and one specific day. It's over a course of time working with those patients to help introduce them to care coordination services that are available through Aetna and also working with the PBM sales team on what the members of our Caremark business units are looking for. And just an important point to note as it relates to your provider question, 80% of the services that can be provided by a primary care physician can in fact be provided by our nurse practitioners in our pharmacies – excuse me, in our MinuteClinics. And again, we view it as complementary to primary care.
Kevin Hourican: And Lance just to build upon Karen's comments. In regards to the impact on the PBM, you've seen here off the late that we -- at least since the Q2 call that we've improved our net wins by $1 billion. The vast majority of that came in the employer segment and call it the kind of the middle market and that plays very well with the integration efforts that Karen laid out also. And then as you can think about what I talked about earlier about being able to introduce the HealthHUBs and some of the broad array of services to that client group, that's -- they've been very receptive to that and absolutely is playing into the outlook and the expectations we're establishing in the marketplace.
Kevin Hourican: I'll just build on that. Your second part was our confidence and not being able to hit the guidance that we provided back on Investor Day for 2020. As Eva just said, we're on track to be able to deliver against that guidance. In fact, we're more confident now than we were then. The key tenants of that strategy to enable that growth we'll grow our pharmacy business faster than the industry and continue to take market share and grow organically, which we've been doing this year and that will continue. We will continue to grow both the top line and bottom line within our pharmacy – excuse me, front store business, specific focus on health and beauty. The biggest year-over-year difference is a meaningful cost takeout through the modernization efforts that Jon Roberts covered back in June. Those efforts are on track. We will take a significant amount of cost out of both our pharmacy and front store businesses. Those three things working in concert will enable that low single-digit growth that we guided back in June.
Karen Lynch: Hi, Lisa. It's, Karen. Yes, we’ve been – a couple of things on this topic. We've been talking to our clients throughout the 2020 selling season about how we can deliver that more personal, integrated, cost-effective, and holistic care approach -- response from our customers has been very positive to date. And I think we're seeing a fair amount of activity and pipeline build for 2021. And as we talked about previously, our focus for 2020 was to go to market with a more integrated medical pharmacy offering, and what we've done for the 2020 selling season, I'm very pleased to tell you that we are seeing increased traction in overall pharmacy penetration for our employer sponsor business, particularly where Aetna had the medical business and we're now winning significantly greater percentage of pharmacy business. So there's a lot going on and we're – I can talk later relative to the – some of the pilots that we have but I'll let Jon cover where we're headed.
Karen Lynch: Lance it's Karen. Let me just talk about where I see the opportunities on PBM. As I mentioned, we're having a good 2020 selling season. And what we're measuring is really penetration of the book. So we're looking at a number of ways. We're looking at where we have medical and we want to drive pharmacy integration. We're looking at the – Derica and I are jointly looking at the pharmacy book and looking at where we want to potentially sell medical opportunities. And then we're looking together holistically to say, 'Hey where are the opportunities that neither one of us have business? And that's where I think we're starting to see that growing pipeline in 2021 and bringing all the capabilities of the company together. And we've just recently had a lot of customer interactions, we've been out in the market with our brokers talking about this integrated story, and we are seeing very positive response.
Karen Lynch: Yes. It's obviously early for 2020 for that end of the market. Now, we've been very focused on national account higher end of middle. So, it's a bit early, but we have the teams out talking about our new capabilities relative to the HealthHUBs which people are excited about. We've introduced our NovoLogix capabilities that people are introduced about. And then we're -- people are excited about our new digital capabilities. So, we are pushing our integrated message throughout all of our segments and we are seeing some good interest, but it's really too early to tell you about 2020 at this point.
Karen Lynch: And Ricky just to emphasize the point that Karen was alluding to we would sit here today and say that there is a large portion of specialty that flows through the medical benefit that has been largely unmanaged and that becomes a big opportunity here.
Karen Lynch: So Bob, we haven't provided that level of detail on specific parts of the business. Obviously, there will be an earnings hit related to the roll-off of the business, as well as our need to work through some stranded costs Karen's team is focused on. And when we give guidance in February, we'll try to provide some more color. 
Karen Lynch: Yes. And just a follow-up, I think you were asking a question on Medicaid redetermination. They've always been and continue to be something that we monitor very closely. There's really two impacts on redeterminations. The first and most obvious one is enrollment. The second one is on experience. Both impacts have been and continue to be immaterial for us. But as I said, we closely monitor it. But it isn't having any material impact on our Medicaid business.
Karen Lynch: Hi A.J., its Karen. Let me just comment on the competitive landscape and what our go-to-market strategy is. As you know, and as you've seen, the competitive landscape appears to be competitive in 2020. However, as you have seen CMS is estimating market growth to be about 10%. We think it will be a little bit lower than that, but we are still optimistic that we can outpace our industry growth despite the headwinds. And we -- there's a couple of reasons why we're optimistic. One, I would just say, we continue our efforts around geographic expansion. We're at 81% of Medicare eligible. We continue to make investments in our growth and retention of our existing service areas. Our stars performance is incredibly helpful to helping us in our optimism relative to Medicare growth. We have -- we maintained our zero premium plans and we're the top health plan with respect to zero premium plans. We also had expansion of our DSIT markets. And we are also focused as I've mentioned at Investor Day of converting our PDP business as well as our commercial business as our commercial business ages into retirement age. And we believe that we can be successful relative to all those factors. I also would comment A.J., that we have incorporated some of our new and differentiated capabilities at the combined company. So we are offering the HealthHUB in our Houston market. We have zero cost share benefit coverage in our MinuteClinics. We introduced our Healing Better program in select markets. We also offered a fall prevention benefit that provides members with an annual allowance for fall safety items that that if you've curated by CVS. And then our over-the-counter benefits provide members with an allowance at our CVS retail stores. So, all those factors give us optimism that we will have above-industry growth.
Derica Rice: Lisa this is Derica. In regards to you on the Caremark side, we've had the opportunity to introduce the HealthHUBs to a number of our clients both on the health plan side as well as on the employer side, and we've had a great deal of excitement and interest, and it's clearly playing out not only in our 2020 selling season, we look to wrap that up, but also to 2021. And I know there was always – with the announcement of the deal between CVS and Aetna, there was some concern amongst investors about potential for channel conflict. We – with the interest that we have from some of the health plan clients, we've actually now listed two that are actually performing some pilots with us that was related to the HealthHUB itself. So that gives you some idea to the type of traction we're getting in that space.
Derica Rice: Ann, this is Derica. We've been able to take advantage of that. And as we also shared back in June that we would be able to manage or rebate exposure very efficiently. And we've seen the peak this year. And in fact, we're doing slightly better than anticipated and that will mitigate over time and continue to dissipate as we think about 2020. And then to your second question regarding FEP along those lines we're very pleased that we were able to extend our relationship with them. We have a very strong partnership and history with FEP. I would anticipate at some point it will go to RFP, but the fact that we've been able to continue that relationship I think bodes very well for us and speaks very strongly to how we've been able to create a partnership that's lasted for a number of years.
Derica Rice: Hi, A.J., this is Derica. We haven't quantified in terms of putting this specifics. What we've stated is that clearly 2019 at least the first half was an investment year for us as we were looking to stand up that business. Now that we are far into the implementation of IngenioRx, which has gone really, really very well. We obviously now have transitioned to operating costs many of those expenses. We do expect that it will – while, it will be investment this year. We will turn profitable in 2020. And that's what we've stated.
Jonathan Roberts: And Lisa this is Jon. If you remember back when Caremark rolled out Maintenance Choice and the excitement in the market and the momentum that gave us, we're seeing a similar reaction in the market to HealthHUBs from the clients.
Jonathan Roberts: Yeah, Ricky, this is Jon. So long-term care is performing slightly better than expected in 2019 and we've started to see improvement in our new sales and retention given our service improvements. And at the same time we also continue to improve our cost structure. I will say this market continues to be challenging as our clients have continued to divest facilities in 2019. And we'll have more to say about it on our fourth quarter call.
Jonathan Roberts: Bob, this is Jon. So for 2019 we continue to improve our purchasing economics on mature products. And then when they – we looked at some of the new generic launches that were coming to market, we actually were able to get more favorable rates than what we historically had. So that was a positive. And then we had some new generic launches that we did not expect that were favorable. And then as we look forward into 2020 and beyond, we still see significant generic launches and launches of biosimilars. And between 2020 and 2023, there'll be $41 billion of generics and biosimilars that will come to the market. And in addition to that we see opportunities to improve how we purchase complex generics, generics where there's only one manufacturer and also again a great opportunity around biosimilars. So we still see this as a very attractive area for us.
Eva Boratto: Yes, Charles, this is Eva. Thanks for the question. I think, as I outlined in my prepared remarks, right, where we're sitting today versus where we sat back in June, we're even more confident with our low single-digit growth. We provided the transparency and the color around the $0.20. As we've said consistently, we don't guide to that. So, think about that growth off -- after you remove that from your baseline.
Eva Boratto: Typically, Charles, as you think about the fourth quarter, there's de minimis prior year development if you look at historical patterns. We'll continue to provide the transparency on this and the realized capital gains as we go forward.
Eva Boratto: Yeah, Ricky, as we said, we'll provide our more fulsome guidance in February, but we've reiterated we're comfortable with at least $7 and the low single-digit growth, and we'll have more to provide…
Eva Boratto: Hi, Michael. This is Eva. I'll start and perhaps Kevin will jump-in. As we look at Q3, Q3 performed right in line with our expectations. Q2 performed above our expectations. So we're pleased with how the business is performing and the initiatives which are underway to enable us to return to growth in the segment.
Eva Boratto: No. I would say, overall we had about $0.04 of PYD prior year development as well as net realized capital gains in totality. And the development that we saw was across all of our four core businesses.
Eva Boratto: So Bob I'll take the first part. I think Jon will provide some more color. Overall, the timing of the launches and when they come to market can vary. So this was something we were expecting albeit it came early for us. And as we continue to focus to execute and deliver value and savings right driving the penetration of generics is an important priority for us.
Eva Boratto: So a lot of questions there. I'll start with the commercial medical cost question. Yes we mentioned in the second quarter that we had some pressure in utilization in our lower end of the middle market. During the second quarter, we noted that we took appropriate actions to address those elevated medical costs. And I would tell you with an additional three months of claims experience, we feel comfortable that the actions that we took have mitigated the elevated pressures that we thought we saw in the second quarter. Specifically, what we did was we had intensified our medical management in those geographies, the claims activity that we now have seen, we believe that we've identified the right products, the right segment and the right geographies where that business had what we thought was elevated utilization. We feel that we've effectively addressed it. Relative to medical cost by segment, we have not disclosed that. I'll let Eva take that question.
