Mike Pykosz: Yeah, thank you, Karen. To build on that, I think most importantly the results we're driving the economics from with our patients is really driven by the strength of our care model. And we've been incredibly successful across programs, across different risk adjustment methodologies. For example, we were in the top 1% of the Medicare Shared Savings Program. We're in that program. We were the top-performing direct contract in our ACO REACH entity. We've obviously achieved phenomenal results on Medicare Advantage. And so what underlies that is a robust interest in the clinical model, an incredible medical leadership team. [Indiscernible] strong technology platform. So when there are changes, we can adapt to those and implement them and the consistency of our approach, the fact that we operate our centers in a consistent manner across the country really enables us to rapidly change as we need to. But most importantly, fundamentally, what is driving the economics of Oak Street is great patient care and keeping people healthy and out of the hospital, and that's going to be durable regardless of how risk adjustment is done.
Mike Pykosz: Yes. From Oak Street side, we couldn't be more excited getting to work with CVS, the breadth and the number of older adults that CVS is interacting with across all the different business units is really unprecedented in the U.S., and that creates an incredible opportunity for us to meet more people, introduce to what we do at Oak Street Health, which we think is highly differentiated from a care model perspective and a patient experience perspective that can allow us to bring more and more patients in, which can really move up the profitability timing in our J curve [ph]. And that is an incredible excitement point. And I think even thinking more broadly than just the kind of CVS HSS we're really excited to work with Signify, which is a huge opportunity there as well. So that's just on the filling the clinic perspective. And obviously, we are always excited. We think there's a huge market opportunity to put more clinics up into that combination, I think, is really powerful.
Mike Pykosz: Yes. What I would add to that is if you look at the economics of the Oak Street J curve, which we've shared a lot publicly on the Oak Street level, the biggest driver of that is both the quality of care for patients and how fast you can fill up centers. And we're -- we think there is opportunity to continue to improve the quality of care of patients as we have year-over-year. There's a lot of capabilities in CVS, that can accelerate that. But even more importantly, if we can just pull up the time it takes the full center, we will pull off those extremely profitable years at the back-end J-curve, which right now are taking six to seven years to get to. You can pull that up faster. Obviously, now that number that Shawn referenced that embedded EBITDA number becomes reality much faster. And I think that's the biggest opportunity from an economic perspective. And while we are so excited to see part of CVS as we're doing that, we can reinvest even more and more centers, more capabilities to create an incredibly powerful flywheel. And obviously, interacting with a broader CBS ecosystem will both help Oak Street and we can actually do a lot to help different parts within CVS as well. So again, we can be more excited about that, but the opportunities are huge.
Karen Lynch: And let me ask Dan to talk a little bit about our re-contracting efforts and what we're doing on Stars.
Karen Lynch: So A.J., on that point, I would just say I'm encouraged by what we're seeing on the internal metrics relative to our Stars performance.
Karen Lynch: Hi Lisa, first of all, I thought your report on the PBM industry was fantastic. And let me -- I'll just make a few comments on the PBM industry at large, and I'll ask David to answer your specific questions. I think it's really important that we all recognize that the PBMs play an essential role in lowering drug costs. And I think we all would agree that in fact, the PBM is the only player in the supply chain whose specific role it is to lower drug costs for our customers. And I think we've had a number of investigations. They've consistently concluded that the PBMs operate in a highly efficient and effective manner to really deliver real savings. And I think you mentioned the customers, our clients hire us to manage their pharmacy benefit, which includes both the administration and the management of overall drug costs. And almost every case, they bring in sophisticated consultants to help them look at that broader service offering, which includes looking at rebates, looking at spread pricing. And our clients have a choice and decide how they want to contract for rebates and spread pricing. And in fact, today, we're passing through over 98% of rebates on behalf of our clients, which obviously have full audit rights. And our scorecard is really how we're effectively and successfully managing the client spend, which we have consistently demonstrated and low to single -- low to mid-single-digit growth in overall pharmacy spend. So I think that we've seen a high level of member and client satisfaction. And I think that the government -- we've answered the government's questions on transparency and innovation and our clients are making those choices. And I think that we have consistently demonstrated that the PBMs play a critical role in the health care ecosystem. Now your specific questions, let me ask David to talk about the customers.
Karen Lynch: Yes. And Eric, I wouldn't lose sight of the fact that there are a lot of other assets that we can connect the dots for these members, including kind of our retail health clinics, including our pharmacy, you can think about Medicare -- pharmacy adherence, pharmacy reconciliation. So there's lots of touch points that will create additional value for us across the entire enterprise as we connect all these assets together.
Karen Lynch: Yes, I think over time, we'll look at what other assets, but right now we need to focus on execution of the assets that we just acquired. And then as you think longer term around the corner, there might be additional opportunities in the home or health services, tech kinds of things. But right now, for the near term, it is important for us to execute on these important assets and bring our products and services to bear for our customers.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. I -- we'll start on that and Karen or anybody else could comment on this. So I think in terms of thinking about the existing headwinds that you mentioned, Stars and Centene, I think we look at those as largely the same. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we're driving the organization to achieve the $9 per share for 2023 and approximately $10 for 2024 on an adjusted EPS basis. But as we mentioned over the quarter, there has been a couple of things, I think, that have sort of popped up. Having said that, we do believe we have two very impactful levers, one of which you mentioned that can help us mitigate these potential headwinds. The first is to explore all the alternatives to accelerate growth and synergy realization in Signify and Oak Street. For Signify, that will be driven by continued strong multi-payer growth and using our combined assets to expand product and capabilities for all payers. For Oak Street, the early closing will allow us to explore alternative growth vehicles that allow us to accelerate clinic growth and mitigate dilution and very importantly, begin this work well in advance of 2024. The second item is that the closing of these two strategic transactions and the re-segmenting of our operation provides us with a timely opportunity to both improve focus and reduce administrative and operational costs by streamlining, eliminating duplicative efforts and achieving greater organizational operational efficiency. We believe both areas represent sizable opportunities that have the potential to serve as mitigating tailwinds for 2024 and 2025. So I'd say, in summary, while there's still a lot to play out here on both the headwinds and tailwinds side, we still believe these are goals that are within an attainable range of outcomes.
Shawn Guertin: Yes, I think this is really at the top of the priority list for the next really quarter or two. And I think we'll have greater clarity on both headwinds and tailwinds sort of over that time period. And I just want to be clear, I might have said $9 and $10 for 2023 and 2024, that's for 2024 and 2025, just to be clear. But Justin, this is really at sort of the top of the performance agenda for the next couple of quarters for us.
Shawn Guertin: Michael, I'll jump in on this one. So I want to be clear that the economic benefit really of specialty and the mail is still in HSS. What we have done here is consolidate the fulfillment functions in the PCW organization and there's no meaningful sort of transfer of profit around sort of the fulfillment angle of that. So when you look at the guidance change on HSS, it looks like a big number. The biggest component of that is really the elimination of the dual credit of maintenance choice being in both. When you take that out, you will see the guidance has come down about $300 million for HSS. That's basically two main pieces. One you saw in our earnings slides, there's about a $0.07 decrement or about $130 million that sort of the core performance of the pharmacy business, which I'll come back to vis-a-vis 340B. The other is we're now including the adjusted operating income for Oak and Signify in there, and that is the other piece that would get you to about a $300 -- or $300 million change in the guidance. But the thing to keep in mind is the elimination and then also the elimination then of the elimination entry that we had around maintenance choice, that's going to look a lot bigger. The 340B impact, as I mentioned, it's a very fluid situation. We're reacting to sort of what the actions that various manufacturers are taking. What I'd say is, as I mentioned, there's about a $0.07 decrease in our guidance related to pharmacy performance. That actually is an underlying positive strength in the non-340B elements of our Pharmacy business. And then we've put in sort of a best estimate at this point. So that 340B impact is a little bigger than the $0.07. I think there are various -- there's been a note or two published about this, and I'd say those aren't unreasonable proxies for sort of what we've incorporated into our guidance on this topic. But again, I can't stress enough, it's sort of a dynamic process that's moving around.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. I'll turn it to Mike, but it's really both, right. We're considering, obviously, the key financial levers getting membership into the clinics. That's always been -- it's one of the synergy values we discussed when we announced the deal. And then as I mentioned, one of the opportunities we've had once we've closed is to explore solutions to accelerate that growth. But I'll let Mike comment as well.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. Just to be clear, I think, I'm not sure but the EBITDA number you're referencing was sort of the embedded EBITDA kind of concept. And I think that's again, when we talk a lot about sort of accretion dilution, we're in the GAAP world. And what that does is it leaves out sort of the embedded EBITDA that's building. But as I mentioned, there's significant long-term value because of that embedded EBITDA and accelerating clinic growth. And as we've discussed, though, there are vehicles and models where we could see kind of both accelerating the clinic growth and better managing the dilutive impact of that clinic growth. And now that we're closed, and we're closed well in advance of 2024, I think one of the opportunities we have is to explore and potentially execute on those in time to have an impact on 2024. But I'll let Mike as the expert here talk more about this.
