Susie Lisa: Thank you. And good morning, everyone. Welcome to the CVS Health Second Quarter 2021 Earnings call. I'm Susie Lisa, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for CVS Health. I'm very excited to be on the call with you today and to have the opportunity to work with you going forward.  I'm joined this morning by Karen Lynch, President and Chief Executive Officer and Shawn Guertin, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we'll host a question-and-answer session that will include Alan Lotvin, President Pharmacy Services, Dan Finke, President Healthcare Benefits, Neela Montgomery, President Retail and Pharmacy, and Jon Roberts, Chief Operating Officer.  Our press release and slide presentation have been posted to our website, along with our form 10-Q that we filed with the SEC this morning. During this call, we will make certain Forward-Looking Statements reflecting our current views related to our future financial performance, future events, industry and market conditions, as well as the expected consumer benefits of our products and services and our financial projections.  Our Forward-Looking Statements are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what may be indicated in them. We strongly encourage you to review the information in the reports we file with the SEC regarding these risks and uncertainties.  In particular, those that are described in the cautionary statement concerning Forward-Looking Statements and risk factors section, in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, this morning's earnings press release, and included in our Form, 10-Q. During this call, we will use non-GAAP financial measures when talking about the Company's performance and financial condition.  In accordance with SEC regulations, you can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP measures in this morning's earnings press release, and the reconciliation documents posted on the Investor Relations portion of our website.  Today's call is being broadcast on our website, where it will be archived for one year. Now, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Karen.
Susie Lisa: Good morning, A.J. I would highlight a couple of things in front of us. One is, as you know, we have more opportunities in expanding our digital access and our digital connections. We've seen across the board with our next best actions, Using digital connections, we've seen -- for those individuals, we've seen reductions in overall medical cost. We also have the opportunity to expand our home service and delivery, as you know, we are in Corum today. We have kidney care, but I do think that there's more expansive opportunities. It's a 100 billion-plus market that I think we have more opportunities to penetrate and really enhance our overall care delivery. So I would point to those two as ones that -- and then, I think there's more that we can do with just the fundamental core business through integration, through selling more of our products, capturing more share of wallet, driving benefit designs across to support lower sites of care like MinuteClinic and the HealthHUB, so those would be a few I would comment on. Thanks for the question, A.J.
Susie Lisa: Great, with that it brings us to 9:00. We appreciate your interest and time. And Ashley, if you could please give the replay information. Thank you all.
Shawn Guertin: Segment guidance for adjusted operating income in a range of 6.6 billion to 6.7 billion. Given the dynamic environment relative to the pandemic and its impact on vaccines, testing and front store sales, we have taken what we believe to be a prudent posture in our outlook and have not fully pulled through the favorability we observed in the second quarter, to the full-year.  This full-year guidance also reflects the reduced outlook for vaccines and the impact of the wage investment, approximately 80% of which is experienced in the retail segment. You will find further details in the slide presentation we posted to our website this morning.  Moving onto 2022, while it is premature to provide forward-year guidance at this time. I want to share some preliminary thinking on some of the more visible puts and takes we are considering for 2022. Starting with tailwinds.  It is reasonable to expect benefits from 1: strong selling seasons in the Pharmacy Services segment and then, commercial national accounts in the Healthcare Benefits segment. 2, anticipated lower COVID-related costs and improved Medicare risk-adjusted revenue reimbursement in the Healthcare Benefits business. And 3, continued contributions from our ongoing cost savings initiatives.  For headwinds, we anticipate, first, consistent pressure in Pharmacy Services from client price improvements and reimbursement pressure in retail, both of which are consistent industry headwinds, which we seek to mitigate through improved purchasing economics.  Second, the impact of annualizing the increase to minimum wage across the Company, and third, uncertainty regarding the expected revenue from COVID vaccines and testing in our retail operations.  Lastly, I'd remind you that our standard practice is not to include any estimates of prior year development or realized capital gains in our Forward-Looking Guidance. On a year-to-date basis, these two items comprise approximately $0.15 per share.  Again, this is not a comprehensive outlook for 2022, but represents some of the key items likely to influence performance next year. To conclude, CVS Health continues to produce strong results as we execute on our differentiated strategy. Putting the consumer at the center of what we do, and redefining the integrated delivery of healthcare.  I look forward to updating longer-term financial targets at our Investor Day event this December, and detailing our key priorities, positioning CVS Health to deliver sustainable, long-term, profitable growth, and to return to a more balanced and strategic program of capital deployment. We will now open the call to your questions. Operator.
Shawn Guertin: Yeah, I think I'd be careful on the specific math there, because to some extent, as I mentioned for example, about vaccines and testing revenue, there's just an uncertainty about the level of those things. And I'd also not add back the full $0.25 as an example, because the minimum wage impact in that is only for 4 months and obviously, that will annualize next year. So there's some moving pieces in there. But honestly, some of these things, I think we can see are going to be factors, but we don't have completely quantified at this point. But I do think when we talk about 2022 if it's worth talking about a couple of things. I would say at the outset we remain very well-positioned in our core businesses and our operating performance is very strong as evidenced by the last couple of quarters of results. And as I mentioned in my remarks, I don't want to provide 2022 guidance today, but I do recognized that there's previous targets out there for a low double-digit earnings growth for 2022. And what I would say is, make no mistake. Double-digit adjusted EPS growth remains the benchmark that we're always trying to achieve, and frankly the benchmark that we're using in considering the strategic choices that we'll make. But an awful lot has changed since 2019 when that target was out there and stated. And it's not just the composition of our earnings, but sort of to the point of your question, was a -- what's the visibility that we have into how those components are going to trend forward? Again, the vaccines and testing and COVID treatment costs are just 2 good examples of factors, but the direction and the degree is a bit hard to see. A lot of this will come down to thinking about what baseline we're measuring from and how we see these factors playing out here. But as I sit here today, if I consider a starting point of 7.70 to 7.80, I would say at this point, no. That from this forecast baseline, I wouldn't reiterate the double-digit growth target for 2022. But again, as I mentioned, it says more about the shifting factors. It does not have anything really to do with the core performance of our business, which has been really outstanding. Obviously, we hope to talk in much more detail about 2022 at our Investor Day as well as some of the longer-term financial targets in the earnings power of the business.
Shawn Guertin: Yeah. What I would say is, in the HCB business, obviously, there's a lag in what we see in any real-time, so we don't have great insight necessarily, into July. But what I would say, there certainly has been -- I've seen a number of media reports about various facilities beginning to cancel elective procedures again, and so it does feel like there's certainly some push in the system on the deferred utilization side again. But again, premature to conclude for HCB. I would say though that what we do see on the retail side is pretty strong momentum continuing in testing in particular. And again, while vaccines are still down in July versus the prior month, they've probably had a bit of an uptick, as I mentioned in my remarks. I think clearly, you could reasonably infer that there's sort of the ongoing COVID treatment costs are persisting, certainly into early July here. And again, thus, why we thought It made sense to be a bit more cautious in our MBR outlook for HCB.
Shawn Guertin: Thanks, A.J. And good to hear from you again as well. If I thought about the near term being sort of the rest of this year, but primarily 2022, we have $4 billion of debt. Or thereabouts, a little more than that, maturing, and it would be our intention to continue to deliver by paying that off.
Shawn Guertin: However, if you think about the level of our cash flows in '21, if we achieved a similar level of cash flow next year, even with the dividend that would still leave a lot of room for other capital deployment, potentially M&A, potentially dividend increase, and potentially share repurchase. So I think 2022 is a year where we begin to do that in a potentially more limited way, but still meaningful. What I would say is, longer-term as I think about this, and as you've heard me to say before, my first use of that and my most preferred use of that capital all the time is to grow the business. And undoubtedly that -- there are capabilities that we will need over the next few years to effect our strategy as efficiently as we can, and so M&A is a part of that. But I've always found -- also found that balanced deployment of capital tends to produce the best long-term results. And so that is a combination of M&A, a dividend that moves up as EPS moves up, and share repurchase that's accretive to your EPS growth on a steady basis.
Shawn Guertin: Yeah. In terms of the second half guidance, Ricky, I do think there's two levels of investment here, and one of them each year is when we do have growth better than our original plan, for example, as we foresee, in PSS now, we do then have to staff up and be prepared for that higher growth so that's always an element. Part of your question is how you feel about in essence, '23 growth that we'll achieve in 2022. And I think, broadly there's -- I would not run rate the whole thing, but I do think there are pieces that tend to run rate forward in the business, whether they're ongoing investments we make in Medicare distribution, and as I mentioned, in staffing up for customers. So I -- to -- as I sit here today, I wouldn't run rate the whole thing. A lot of this is still to be determined, but there probably is a piece that continues if we continue on the trajectory that we're on. The other element I would say about 2nd half guidance with some of this is, some of the spending gets sort of pushed back into the year, more towards the end. I think you take that with the natural seasonality of the Healthcare Benefits business, and that would tend to get a slope of earnings for the rest of the year, where Q4 is likely less than Q3.
Shawn Guertin: Yeah. Ralph, the way this will play out over the next few years is, as you mentioned, there would be -- the change in September would be a $125 million for the last 4 months of this year. That will annualize next year, but there'll also be a 2nd change in July of next year, I believe. The total cost of this in 2022 will be 485 million, which is a step-up, if you will, of about 360 million from the 125. That second step in July '22 will annualize again in '23, but not to the same degree. So the total cost is right around 600 million by the time you get to '23. And that's a step-up year-over-year from '22 to '23 of about a $115 million.
Shawn Guertin: I would say it's too early for me to give you specific guidance. But if you go back to what I said, I think the businesses are performing very well, and we will have the ability, potentially, to deploy some capital next year. So I certainly wouldn't dismiss that as something that's not sort of in the thinking or not a viable target. But again, I want to stay away from giving precise guidance. But the core fundamentals of our business are excellent right now. And again, with the return to a more balanced capital deployment, I certainly feel good about the longer-term trajectory.
Shawn Guertin: Michael you're right. I mean, we did have to stand up a fairly sizable operation to handle volume like this, and it's a delicate balance of trying to adjust that as you see volumes change. But we see how quickly volumes can go up and down. So I think we've been a bit cautious with that and tried to make sure that we have the capacity. If things go in a different direction, this is an important role that we play. Even more important now without as many large-scale sites up. And so we want to make sure we have the capacity. As you think that -- the thing, I think that comes off of that is as you think now, about vaccine volume up and down, the marginal impact right, of those vaccines is probably greater than average. So it is something that we're paying very close attention to but a balance.
Shawn Guertin: I can let Alan comment more deeply on the second one, but what I would say is, recall that some of these initiatives, as I mentioned in my comments, were launched midway or in the second half of last year, so the effect we're seeing year-over-year is probably more -- is more pronounced in the first half of the year than we'll see in the second half of the year. But Alan can comment on the longer-term potential. On the vaccine and the testing economics, As we mentioned, a billion dollars of the revenue increase is attributable to those 2 things. In our full-year outlook, the full-year revenue's probably double that. The margin dynamics are probably a little high just in this quarter, just because of some of the timing issues. But to date, I don't have any insight into changing reimbursement or changing the labor model we are using to deliver those. So I think that's as reasonable a baseline to begin to work off of as we can -- as we think about next year. And again, as you think about the dynamics here, as you have FDA approval mandates, booster shots, there's a lot of things. And listen, you could make a bull case if you wanted to on this.  Certainly, with what's going on now and I wouldn't dispute that and I'd acknowledge that if our guidance has some upside, this could be a place depending on how things play out. The only caution I would put there though, is to think about some of the interplay of just looking at this in isolation. So even inside retail, if we do see an uptick and it does see increased activity, well, what does this mean for cough, cold and flu. For this, what does it mean for front of store. And then obviously the HCB ripples. So again, I'd acknowledge that there is a bull case that you could make here, but I'd also say this has changed rapidly over the last couple of months, and I just ask you to sort of think about it in a broader context.
Alan Lotvin: Yeah. Thank you Karen. When you look at the Caremark selling season and the Caremark array of clients it is a, I would say, relatively normal distribution of clients. We won obviously the Federal Employee Program specialty, but we've won in the Health Plans segment, we've won in the Employer segment, and we're winning in the Coalition segment. So across the board, we continue to win and I think the key drivers there are one, I'm delivering on what is most important to our clients, which is controlling their drug trend. Number two, I'm providing an outstanding level of service, so avoiding all -- not just avoiding service issues, but proactively addressing our clients' needs.
Alan Lotvin: And the 3rd related to the 1st with innovating particularly around new programs in specialty, like our oncology program, medical benefit management program. So it's really -- there isn't a specific segment that's over-performing other than specialty, obviously, because of the FEP one.
Alan Lotvin: And Kevin, it's Alan. When I think about the drivers of purchasing economics on the manufacturer side and the sustainability, the first thing I'd acknowledge is, as Shawn has said, when you launch something new, there's always going to be an outsized . Having said that, I think the future viewpoint on the ability to create more competition through whether it's biosimilars and biosimilar interchangeability, as we saw recently through the generics, particularly in the Specialty area, we see that as we're at the beginning of the Specialty era -- or the generic era biosimilar era of Specialty. So I think that's sustainable and a good opportunity longer term. I think the growth of our value creation will grow as volume growth. So as we continue to win, new business we'll grow -- we'll continue to grow there. And the last is, we built this platform as a platform for a series of services. We've just launched our 1st set of services, we think there's a number of other ones that we can continue to launch into the market within the GPO, that will create meaningful value for both us and for our customers.
