Larry J. Merlo: Well, thanks, Dave. Well, obviously, we are not satisfied with next year's growth projection. We have a plan in place to return to healthy operating profit growth, and let me provide a high-level outline of that plan. First, we will leverage our enterprise capabilities and CVS Pharmacy's compelling value proposition to partner more broadly with other PBMs and health plans. We have capabilities that generate results that other retail competitors simply cannot match, so we'll begin to offer a suite of bundled services, including exclusive capabilities such as MinuteClinic services, infusion and long-term care capabilities as a component of the CVS Pharmacy value proposition. And as the healthcare market continues its evolution to a value-based environment, the clinical capabilities that are resident today at CVS Pharmacies will become increasingly important, making us a clear partner of choice. Second, we'll focus on driving growth through new PBM product introductions that capitalize on the benefits inherent in our unique integrated model. Some offerings by others in the market, they have attempted to mimic the success of our programs, such as Maintenance Choice, and while they may get part of the way there, we don't believe they can extract the full value that we do through our truly integrated model. Our ongoing innovations will encompass clinical solutions to support all stages of care: new value-based contracting approaches in specialty and traditional pharmacy, including partnering with pharma in different ways to drive savings; new CVS Caremark retail network strategies including performance-based networks; as well as a new generation of Maintenance Choice that will offer even more convenience and help drive further adoption. Third, in this environment, it's critical to continue to be a low-cost provider. And to that end, we've begun work on a new multi-year enterprise operations improvement initiative that will generate significant annual savings beginning in 2017 and accelerating beyond. And while we've been efficient and productive in our business, we do see additional opportunities to leverage the technology investments that we have made to further improve enterprise-wide efficiencies. And fourth, we'll continue to be very thoughtful with respect to using our strong cash generation capabilities to return value to our shareholders. We expect to continue to evaluate opportunities for acquisitions that meet our strategic and financial criteria, and we'll be disciplined about investing in the right opportunities that drive long-term growth. So before closing, let me reiterate that we continue to be confident in our business model, and our ability to drive long-term growth. You know, we've always said that the beauty of our model is that we can pivot to address changes that take place in the market, and we'll continue to do that as the healthcare market evolves. We're the only company with the ability to impact not just patients, but also payers and providers with channel-agnostic solutions. Furthermore, our goals around achieving higher quality at a lower cost are very much aligned with our partners, and we'll continue to find new and innovative ways to drive value for patients, payers and providers by making care more accessible, more affordable and more effective. And we certainly look forward to speaking with you in greater detail about all of the initiatives that I just outlined at our Analyst Day next month. So with that, let's go ahead and open it up for your questions.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Lisa. It's Larry. Let me start, and then I'm sure others will jump in here. Lisa, if you go back to the 40 million scripts that we talked about, and if you looked at the make-up of that, it's probably about 40%; 40% of that 40 million is the TRICARE impact, and then the Prime impact, and the balance of that is just the normal churn that takes place in any particular selling season. So it's really a function of the restricting of those networks.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Lisa, listen, we think that we compete very effectively on price, and our network strategies are a critical part of that value proposition. We always offer our clients a variety of network options to meet their specific needs of their members, and certainly, the results prove out that CVS Pharmacy drives better outcomes and better overall performance as a result of our integrated model. And we look to aggressively sell that to our clients to help them achieve better outcomes and lower overall costs. And at the end of the day, we have multiple network options, and the choice is up to our clients. We have continued to see steady progress, alluding to the new business that we picked up over the last couple of years, especially last year as we've talked about it, it is a longer tail, if you will, on the health plan side of the business than the employer side, but we've seen steady progress there, and there's certainly more opportunity that remains.
Larry J. Merlo: And, John, and keep in mind, to Dave's last point, we've got – as you look at our model, some of the dispensing channels that may fall traditionally under the Retail umbrella in other businesses like specialty or mail, that's flowing through the PBM segment in our reporting.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, John, listen, in the environment in which we're all operating, being the most efficient and productive, that continues to be a key guiding principle, if you will. And we've done a number of things over the years. We have historically been a very efficient and productive provider when you look at our cost metrics, and as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, leveraging many of the investments that we've made in technology over the last few years, we have another opportunity to do that. And again, as Dave mentioned, we'll outline the details around that at Analyst Day.
Larry J. Merlo: And, Bob, it's Larry. Just a couple of other additional points. As we mentioned in our prepared remarks, the point about CVS Pharmacy's ability to provide incremental offerings, leveraging the assets that emanate out of CVS Pharmacy besides simply dispensing, I think that becomes an important component of the story, recognizing the cost savings opportunities that result from MinuteClinic or infusion, as it relates to site of care management, and now long-term care pharmacy. And we believe that we can enhance our value with other PBMs, okay, not just Caremark, in making those services available that will be very much aligned with their clients in an effort to provide high quality, and at the same time, lower costs. So we believe we can be a partner of choice as we go forward.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, George, it's Larry. I'll start. Others may want to jump in. As we've said for probably the last couple years now, pricing certainly is competitive, but we've seen it remain rational in the marketplace. We haven't seen anything on the horizon that changes our view of that, and we're beginning the 2018 selling season, as we speak. So obviously we'll be talking more about that as we get into the new year, but it seems to be lining up very consistent with prior years.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Eric, the – as you think about the answer to that, it brings us back to – going – I guess it would've been 2012/2013 when Walgreens and Express had a dispute, and certainly, many capitalized on that in the marketplace. And if you looked at the profitability associated with those incremental scripts at that point in time, it parallels what we talked about this morning, extracting from that the advertising and labor investments that we made in an effort to gain a disproportionate number of those scripts. So again, factoring that in, we certainly would have been within striking distance of that 10% target that Dave outlined.
Larry J. Merlo: And, Eric, obviously, we're in the annual enrollment period, so it's open for another month, and from early indications, we've gotten off to a good start. Obviously we'll provide a recap once the season closes, and we'll probably talk a little bit more about that at Analyst Day. Eric, on the Retail side, I'm not sure if your question was really looking at SilverScript or CVS Pharmacy's presence in the Medicare Part D networks. It would be on par with our various relationships this year, absent some of the changes that took place in the Prime sponsored Med D network.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, David, as you look at the retail contracting cycles, they are probably, I would describe them as more frequent than they once were, acknowledging that the Medicare space is an annual cycle. And some of this gets back to, in our prepared remarks, our plan to respond to these marketplace changes, the opportunity that we see us having with other PBMs, recognizing our goal of providing more bundled services. So we have – today we have contracts with – retail contracts with all the PBMs, and we'll be working with those goals and objectives in mind that we outlined, again, in our prepared remarks, to enhance our offerings with them.
Larry J. Merlo: And, David, in terms of the update on the selling season, I believe we have a slide in there. It's pretty much on par with what we reported on the second quarter call. The net business is slightly lower, reflecting some of the changes that you've seen in terms of some of our health plan partners exiting the exchange business, and – but it's not really material. And our retention rate remains right around 97%.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Scott, let me – there's probably a couple questions in there, and let me start, and then I'll ask others to jump in. That first of all, from an integrated model perspective, Scott, I don't believe that we have lost any steam whatsoever, okay? As you heard Dave mentioned in our prepared remarks, Caremark once again had another very successful selling season, despite some of the publicized losses that occurred back in the spring timeframe, with net new business well over $4 billion, compounding prior successful selling seasons. And as we talked, we continue to grow enterprise dispensing share. Obviously, for the reasons that we mentioned earlier, not enough share growth to offset the 40 million script headwind, but we continue to make progress. And back to Lisa's question, we continue to see opportunities beyond that. In your question, Scott, around is Walgreens making some headwind here, listen, we can hypothesize that there may be a perception out there that CVS Pharmacy is not a neutral platform, okay? And by the way, that's reflected in our response to this environment and our efforts to demonstrate that we are the best partner to all PBMs and health plans, given our unique suite of capabilities along with our track record of delivering results. So – and I think we're all very confident that that will make a difference. And obviously, as you've heard us say many times, we believe that we have the right assets in terms of the healthcare environment moving forward. I'm not talking about 2017 now, recognizing this retailization of healthcare and the role that the consumer will play and the migration from a fee-for-service system to one that's more value-based, acknowledging that that migration has been slower than what everyone would like to see, but it is happening.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Peter. Listen. There's certainly been competitive pressures; that's nothing new to the healthcare environment. As you've heard us talk many times, we've experienced them for several years now in both Retail and PBM segments. We have several ways in which we manage against those reimbursement pressures, whether it's lowering our cost of goods. And we've gotten some nice synergies from the Red Oak model, and that team continues to work to bring even more innovation. As we talk, continuing to be the most efficient and productive provider of care and then growing our share. And unfortunately, that third lever of growing share will not happen in 2017. And again, as we've been talking this morning, we have a response plan to the market dynamics and a plan to reaccelerate our growth there. So that's how we see the marketplace. And probably not changing beyond that dynamic anytime soon.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Peter, again, as we talked about in our prepared remarks, I don't want to be redundant, but we're very confident that in responding to these market dynamics, the ability to enhance the CVS Pharmacy value proposition and include other services that have been proven to drive down costs, we believe will be appealing for PBMs, because it's very much aligned with the goals for their clients.
Larry J. Merlo: You know what, we have not provided it as a percentage. We've talked about the number of clients and members and Maintenance Choice, and I believe that number is now over 23 million lives, and that is – Maintenance Choice will constitute our most restrictive network.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Jim, we have that today in our offerings where we have price protection for our clients. In our prepared remarks, we talked about the four areas of new product innovation around clinical solutions, new value-based contracting approaches, both in specialty and traditional pharmacy, and then a new retail network strategies that would include performance-based networks. We have that a little bit today in Medicare Part D, but we see an opportunity to go further with that to be very much aligned with value-based reimbursement and outcomes management. And then a new generation of Maintenance Choice, so again we'll provide a lot more details next month at Analyst Day but that's how we're thinking about it. And by the way, there are elements of risk that we take today, whether it's in Medicare or some aspects of what we do with NovoLogix in terms of managing that portion of pharmacy flowing through the medical benefit.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Ricky, it's Larry. We've got $22 billion to $24 billion up for renewal. Keep in mind that that's off a much higher denominator. So as a percentage, it would be pretty much on par with prior years.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Ricky, it's Larry. As you know, we typically do not talk about specific contracts or specific RFPs. And as you think about the healthcare business broadly or health plan business broadly, today we have over 70 health plan relationships with the PBM. Obviously, it's an important growth component of the business, and there's nothing that prevents us from adding to that list as we've done the last couple of years. I do think that there is an ongoing evaluation of, does the health plan in-source their pharmacy PBM functionality, or do they outsource it? And we continue to believe that whether you're looking at size and scale or the fact that pharmacy is our focus and the clinical capabilities that we bring to that, along with the challenges of the regulatory environment from a compliance point of view and the investments that need to be made to comply with that for the Medicare and Medicaid businesses, we think that it makes a lot of sense for folks to outsource that business. And quite frankly, that's what we've seen this year, this past selling season, where I think everyone was trying to figure out that, well, wait a minute, how can everybody grow, okay? And part of the answer to that is that the pie got bigger because there were some health plans that outsourced their PBM, their pharmacy business. Ricky, I think the only other point to add to that is we see opportunities that we have, recognizing the assets that we have assimilated are the ones that largely touch the patient or the consumer. And that gives us the opportunity to partner with health plans, whether we're the PBM or whether we're not the PBM. Obviously, if we are the PBM, there is enhanced offerings that we can provide as a result of the integration. But there are also capabilities that we have that we can partner with health plans in a very differentiated way without having to be the PBM.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Ricky, maybe I'll take Omnicare and ask Helena to comment on Target. With Omnicare, Ricky, it's certainly not a question of if; it's more a question of when. And one of the things that we learned this past year through our pilots in the assisted living space is that we found that we had to target both the needs of the residents in those facilities along with the facility operator needs. And in doing that, we need to make some additional and incremental technology investments. Those investments are underway, and they really need to be completed for us to broadly sell the value proposition that we can bring to the assisted living space. So we'll be getting that work done in 2017, and I'm confident that we'll capitalize on the synergies once that work's complete.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Mike, I don't think there's one answer to that question. And I think that the benefit that we have is that we have a series of assets that we can bundle in a whole variety of ways that would meet the needs of that particular client and their members. And so I actually think that will be an advantage to us.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Steve, I would say as we've talked many times, whether it's on the PBM or Retail side, we've continued to see margin compression. And I would say that we have not seen anything that we would put under the heading of irrational.
Larry J. Merlo: And, Steve, again I think Dave mentioned this in response to one of the earlier questions that in the two cases that we've talked a fair amount this morning, we became aware of the network changes after the fact and were not given the opportunity to respond. So in an irrational pricing environment, you would not – you would expect a different type of process associated with that.
Larry J. Merlo: Okay. Well, let me just thank everyone for your time this morning. And just wrapping up, obviously we're not happy with our outlook for 2017. At the same time, we outlined our actions in response to some of the marketplace dynamics that are taking place. And we're confident that our response and our actions will allow us to reaccelerate our growth going forward, and we look forward to seeing all of you next month at Analyst Day where we'll provide additional details on many of the things we talked about this morning.
David M. Denton: Yeah, Lisa, this is Dave. Just to be clear, this is not necessarily a 90-day offering; these are restricted networks which takes CVS fully out of the network offerings.
David M. Denton: Lisa, I think we've contemplated that into our outlook for 2017. As you know, when we sell in a 90-day network with co-pay incentives, either into our book or somebody sells it into their book, there is movement of scripts, and that's contemplated in our script forecast for next year. So those are fully contemplated. And then...
David M. Denton: Yeah, John, it's Dave. Obviously, we do expect to return to healthy growth in 2018 and beyond. And yes, I think if you look at our long-term growth rate at approximately 10%, the company generates a significant amount of cash. That cash can be effectively utilized to return value to shareholders through value-enhancing share repurchases, which if you look at the past practices, we've delivered somewhere between 4% to 5% to 6% adjusted earnings per share growth just from the cash that we generate out of the business, which is significant. Obviously, we do believe that the underlying business organically is going to be able to grow healthy. We don't really provide guidance by segment because our businesses are really integrated today, but we do expect to return to that healthy growth outlook in 2018 and beyond.
David M. Denton: Yeah, Bob, this is Dave. Maybe I'll start with that. I think what was interesting about these couple of market moves is that typically we see a pretty competitively bid process. These major network changes quite honestly happened without a chance for us to actively engage and really tell our value proposition as these changes were contemplated in both Prime and with TRICARE. So from that perspective, we were kind of caught a little bit off guard.
David M. Denton: I think a little bit around that, if you look at the – some of the competitive pressures that we're seeing right now are not necessarily new. We face reimbursement pressures and network changes on an ongoing basis. And you think about it the way we've offset it really is three ways. One's, we've lowered our cost of goods sold, and our Red Oak joint venture is a great example of that. We've improved the efficiency, and we're continuing to launch a new program this year to further improve the efficiency across our network. And then finally, we've been able to increase the capture of dispensing share into one of our channels. Obviously, in 2017 that lever is not really available to us. But I do think, if you look at how we're positioned in the marketplace, and our ability to plug in and really add a lot of value to the payers, that we serve, I think we're really nicely positioned in a world of which networks begin to narrow and outcomes become more important.
David M. Denton: Yeah, we'll talk, I'm sure, a little bit more about that in December, but I will go back to say if you look at our past track record, when you look at our ability to gain share both from a PBM perspective and then turning that share into dispensing channel share gain in our network, we've been quite productive at doing that, and I think the outlook for that remains strong. Keep in mind we still have a very robust specialty business. It continues to perform well. We have a very large Medicare Part D business that is performing quite well, and we've done two fairly sizable acquisitions in the form of Omnicare and Target, both while are not being as accretive as we once thought, as we cycle into 2017, but as we look long-term have a real opportunity for us to grow and develop that business in a meaningful way. And again, and finally, not to put this – to minimize this, if you look at the cash that our organization throws off, we can get a substantial amount of accretion just from the share buy-back program as you look at deploying that capital in a very effective way, keeping in mind, we might also deploy that capital from a strategic lens to make sure that we bolt on the right businesses to enhance the infrastructure that we have today.
David M. Denton: Yeah, Eric, just keep in mind, too, that if you look at the, as we cycle into 2017, there were really three, I guess, topics that I outlined that were headwinds. One is obviously the loss of prescriptions in the marketplace. Two is slightly less accretion in the two acquisitions. And third, I'll say the competitive reimbursement pressures and the mix in our business. All three of those contribute to our slower growth or lack of growth in 2017.
David M. Denton: Yeah, we have, I think, a very nice growth plan for 2017 in SilverScripts. Our PDP business continues to take share and perform well, both this year, and we expect the same next year.
David M. Denton: Yeah, David, this is Dave. I think from an inflation standpoint, no real material change to our outlook in both branded and generic, and that is not presenting either a headwind or a tailwind as we cycle into 2017. So that's not really a factor in all the prepared remarks that we just talked about.
David M. Denton: Sure. We're very committed to maintaining our high BBB rating. We're still very committed to returning to the 2.7 times adjusted debt to EBITDA. As you heard as our cash flow performance this year has been quite strong, we're going to probably de-lever a bit more this year than we thought we were going to in our original plan, given that strong cash flow performance. As we cycle into 2017, kind of given all the moving parts and I'll say the headwinds that we have, our leverage will probably, year-over-year, our leverage will be essentially constant. We will not deleverage as we cycle into 2017. We will work to get back down to that leverage target in a reasonable amount of time.
David M. Denton: Alvin, this is Dave. I think our value proposition continues to resonate in the marketplace, both from the PBM perspective and a Retail perspective. A couple of network changes obviously went the other way on us here. But I do believe that the power of our integrated model and the things that we can offer to payers when we're not the PBM or the things that we can offer to the ultimate payer when we are the PBM, really still quite relevant in the marketplace. It's getting a lot of traction, and we continue to perform well from that perspective. And we think the outlook beyond 2017 as we get into 2018 and the years out, I think is quite strong.
David M. Denton: We'll probably give a little bit more color on Analyst Day, but I expect to walk through the model at a macro level as I've done in prior years and make sure everybody understands our growth algorithm.
David M. Denton: I think as we said here for 2017, we have a pretty good handle on, I'd say, network changes. Keep in mind, most network changes happen kind of in late Q3, early Q4 as you cycle into next year. So we have a pretty good line of sight to our network participation and volume outlook as a network participant as we cycle into 2017. So I think we're pretty good there.
David M. Denton: We have $5 billion in share repurchase is within that guidance range, and we'll talk more about the dividend on Analyst Day. But we do expect over time that we will be deploying – raising our dividend up to our 35% payout ratio by 2018. That expectation is still consistent with our thoughts.
David M. Denton: Ricky, I would also – I would just add that I think it was probably important to step back, and you talked about the PBM being the growth engine, and while it is, we need to really think about the enterprise. Our business is so integrated now that you need to really look at it in totality from that perspective.
David M. Denton: And I guess I would – this is Dave. I guess I would just look at the Prime decision. And it appears to us – and listen, we're a little bit of an observer here is that Walgreens acquired their specialty pharmacy and their mail order pharmacy or at least partnered with them from that perspective. And I'm assuming that as part of the arrangement, there was some network participation agreement that was confirmed through Prime. So I think that might be a little bit of a unique animal compared to other network changes in the marketplace.
David M. Denton: Yeah, Eric, obviously as I said, we're jumping off a lot bigger base at this point in time given where we were in 2013 as we've grown the company substantially. This is probably a deeper conversation that we probably have time for on the call today, but it was something that we'll talk about more at Analyst Day. I will say though that if you just look broadly, I don't believe the fundamentals of our growth algorithm has substantially changed. Obviously, the marketplace has moved a bit and there's been different offerings in the marketplace. But I think our ability to compete in the market hasn't changed in a substantial fashion. And we do believe that if you look at the market probably where it was a few years ago to where it is now, obviously the government-sponsored plans and health plans have grown, and they continue to be a growth area. Whereas the employer book has been relatively modest and flattish from a growth perspective. So we'll see more of our growth coming out of government-sponsored plans over time. And again, I think we're nicely positioned with all of our assets to compete successfully and gaining share in that marketplace. So that's probably the biggest I'll say underlying change is to – as we pivot to make sure we service that need of the segment of the market.
David M. Denton: Yes. They will not be debt-financed, other than we might need to do a little short-term borrowing to just accommodate the timing of that. But we will not be issuing debt to support a share repurchase program into 2017. I can't really comment about our debt maturities. I do think at the end of the day, we will be expected to be de-levering over time as we grow our way out of our current capital structure. Just a little bit over 3 times, so probably 2.9 times at the end of the year down to 2.7 times in a reasonable amount of time.
