Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, Lisa, I'll start and I know others will jump in here. Thanks for the question. But, Lisa, it is true that as we stated in our prepared remarks that more of the value of negotiated rebates are being passed back to clients. And keep in mind, we've been saying for a while now that we have different flavors of contracting where we've had clients for a while now that prefer to have 100% of that rebate value passed back. So that is a trend that has continued. And again, as we said, we underwrite our PBM contracts to an overall level of profitability. So, Lisa, if you triangulate all of the numbers that we threw out there for 2018 that rebate pass-through is closer to 98%, okay, than some of the others that we had historically talked about. Lisa, your second question around interaction with the administration, we have had productive engagement and discussions with the administration, on the Hill, at the secretary's office. And I do believe for reasons that we talked about and reasons that you see outlined in the President's blueprint, there is an acknowledgment as to the role that PBMs play. And again I think yesterday afternoon's CMS announcement is just another example of that. So I'm sure those conversations will continue. And, Lisa, I think that as we talked again in the prepared remarks, this über focus on rebates, what we believe, Lisa, wherever we end up because the administration hasn't finished the story in terms of what their desire is on rebates, but what will not go away is the ability for PBMs to use size, scale, competition, private sector innovation to garner discounts that lower the cost of medications for clients and their members.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Lisa, listen, I think there are a number of different pilots or programs around value-based care today. And I think that folks are still testing and learning. I don't – I would sit here and say as we sit here today, I don't know that there is one that has gotten any type of substantial traction in the marketplace. And we're going to continue to be part of that solution and pilot and see what we can do to push the ball up the court because we do believe that that's where the marketplace ultimately has to go.
Larry J. Merlo: And Ann, listen, I also think it underscores the high level of service and value that FEP has come to count on us for and we expect that that will continue as we go forward.
Larry J. Merlo: Charles, as I say, it's a great question. And I think it's really a function of two factors. I think one is the point that you just made that I think there's a lot of interest in terms of what we can bring to market with CVS Health and Aetna and how that can benefit some of our existing clients, especially in the health plan space. And I think the second one is what we've talked about previously, what Dave outlined in his remarks that RFP activity has been lower this year. And I think with all of the activity in the marketplace, I do think that there are clients that want to see where everything shakes out as they think about longer term commitments that are typically associated with contracting.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah, George, on your first question, we see the proposed rule from CMS last night as being a real opportunity for us and probably an even bigger opportunity as CVS and Aetna come together because it picks up a component of the business that largely has been isolated to the medical side of the house, if you will. And the point that I had made earlier that the NovoLogix capabilities that we have resident today that have proven to be able to bring, I'll call it, the management of that portion of pharmacy flowing through the medical spend to treat that with the same diligence that we do with the traditional pharmacy spend, we think that that is a significant opportunity, obviously first in the Medicare space. And I think it will be interesting to see if that moves into the commercial sector in terms of the pace with which that would happen. George, your second comment, I guess when you asked that question I think of some of Dr. Gottlieb's comments coming out of the FDA in terms of his focus in terms of removing what has been a significant backlog for potential drug approvals, especially generics, as well as his focus on getting more biosimilars into the marketplace. And today, we've got four in the marketplace. We currently have two of those biosimilars in our formulary and are working to add to that list. And you compare that to Europe where you have over 50 biosimilars in the market. So both of those, again, it falls under the heading of giving PBMs more bandwidth with the tools that they have to further reduce drug costs.
Larry J. Merlo: And, Mike, it's Larry. I think that clients rely on us to separate, to pore through the detail of all that. Obviously, they want to continue to see more opportunities. To Jon's point, they see what we're doing today. And are there opportunities beyond what we're doing today? Again, some of that goes back to how we bring them solutions. And listen, as one example, we're encouraging our clients that have high deductible plans to take a portion of those rebate dollars and pass them back to their members at the pharmacy counter, while they're in that deductible phase. Once they hit the deductible phase, then they fall into the plan design, where their out of pocket costs dramatically go down. So I think in many respects, the responsibility falls to us as we help educate them in terms of ways that we can help them reduce costs but at the same time improve satisfaction among their members.
Larry J. Merlo: And then, Ricky, back to your first question, in terms of new products, plan designs, I think it's probably more realistic that those innovations would find their way into the market for the 2020 selling season. But give Aetna a lot of credit, because you may recall, I think, it was a few months ago they announced in – specific to your question on point of sale rebates, they had announced that in their fully insured book of business that they were going to be applying point of sale rebates to that segment of their business.
Larry J. Merlo: And, Steve, to Dave's last point, we talked about our results of the benchmarking process. But, yeah, I think what's interesting to note, obviously you have to preface this by saying it's competition in the private sector. But you look at what's happening to beneficiary costs and even government costs, okay? And the bid levels have an 11% reduction over the prior year and – both for beneficiary as well as the government. So you may point to competition, but you also have to point to the value of rebates in contributing to those numbers as well.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah. Ralph, its Larry. I think it's a great question. And as you look at where we have risk today, obviously the SilverScript is a risk-based product, okay? And we've begun to take – I'll describe it as elements of risk with our Transform Care program which started with diabetes and I think we've now expanded it to three other chronic diseases. So I do think that we have a growing appetite, okay, to move in that direction. And I believe that the combination of CVS and Aetna can serve as an enabler to doing more of that as we go forward.
Larry J. Merlo: Well, Eric, listen, I think we have always worked to be as flexible as we can in terms of meeting the diverse needs that exists with our clients. And as we acknowledged earlier, today we've got many contracts with 100% value of the rebates being passed back directly to them. As you know, Medicare Part D works that way today, okay? And I do believe that one of the challenges that we need to solve for is as you think about the plan designs, okay, especially – we acknowledged earlier those with high deductible plans, okay, that how do we take care of those members, those patients customers who were in the deductible phase, okay, and are incurring costs? Because oftentimes, it's the pharmacy spend within their plan that – that's where the dollars are spent to go and meet their deductible. And that's why we advocate for at a minimum that let's apply some of those rebates at the point of sale, while people are in their deductible phase. And once they've satisfied that then the balance of those rebates can be applied by plan sponsors to buy down premiums et cetera, et cetera. So that's where our focus has been along with expanding the definition of HSAs, okay, the use and utilization of preventive drug lists that again can reduce consumer out of pocket costs. So in response to the blueprint, we've spent a tremendous amount of time on those elements as quite frankly opportunities could be brought to market sooner than later. All right, Jose, we'll take two more questions.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah John, its Larry. I'll take the first one. And John, listen, I don't know that we can sit here and answer that question, today. I think some of it is going to be based on bringing closure to the variety of activities and questions that exists in the marketplace. And I think that that's probably the key driver to people taking more of a long-term view in terms of understanding how the future marketplace lines up. And then in terms of specialty, our growth in the quarter was...
Larry J. Merlo: So with that, listen, I know it's been a long call this morning. We appreciate everybody's patience. But obviously there was a lot to talk about and a lot of information to disseminate and as always, Mike McGuire is available for follow-up.
Jonathan C. Roberts: And, Lisa, this is Jon. So we have a lot of value-based contracts. I would say they're pretty comparable to the traditional contracts we have in the marketplace and there really hasn't been as much uptake as we would like to see. I do think that the market will move there. And the thing I like about it is it aligns incentives for the payors, for us and for the pharmaceutical manufacturers. And I think as Aetna comes onboard and we now own the entire life (00:51:12) combined with our data capabilities, we're going to have the ability to really advance this value-based contracting notion in the commercial space and we'll bring that to CMS and hopefully they'll learn from our results and adopt it over time.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Ann, this is Jon. It's just a one year extension and through 2020, we would expect them to go out to RFP at that point. So I think it's pretty typical of what we've seen with them over the years and we've got a great relationship with FEP and we hope to continue to serve them in the years to come.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Mike, this is Jon. Our clients are actually very happy with the benefit that we've been managing for them. So they saw their costs grow on average 1.9% last year. They know they're getting the majority of rebates. They understand that pharma is responsible for raising prices and we're working on their behalf to manage that down. So I think if anything, they're interested in more transparency as we move forward. And we embrace that and we think that's a great idea. And I think today is the first step as we talk about how much we're retaining in rebates is another step forward in that transparency journey.
Jonathan C. Roberts: And, Mike, the only thing I would add to that is as clients talk about their highest priority, it's really around what they're seeing with specialty cost growth. So they would like to see more biosimilars get to the market much faster than what is currently occurring. That's pretty uniform as we're out in the marketplace.
Jonathan C. Roberts: And, Ricky, this is Jon. SilverScript has two plans and both plans have a preferred pharmacy network as part of their designs. So that happened in 2018 for the large SilverScript Part D plan.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Yeah. Erin, this is Jon. I'll talk about Omnicare. So Dave talked about our four-point plan and he talked about the new management team that's in place. So I'll focus on where we see a lot of the growth opportunity, which is assisted living and not only growing new beds, we're growing penetration. So as we have been working to grow this business what we found is that the Omnicare service model was not optimal for assisted living. It was really built to service long-term care. And long-term care is facility focused. As an example, all members for the facility are serviced on a same day except when there is a stat order. In assisted living model, think about it as being more member-centric. So these residents order their prescriptions very similar to what we see in Retail. So, not all members receive their orders on the same day in that facility, they call them in as they need them. So we needed to change the front-end of our pharmacies to service these members. And so we're building assisted living centers of excellence and we have three of these in operation and we'll complete the rollout by year-end. And I talked at our last earnings calls, how we had invested in account management resources to work directly with facility managers and their residence to improve our service and penetration of the facilities. So early results where we have this model fully in place are positive and we're confident that this service model will enable us to achieve our goals in assisted living.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Hey, John, this is Jon. So if something were to change and Medicare, as an example, those are annual bids so – and we actually recontract every year with pharmas and the retail networks. So we think we could do that within a year. I think when you think about the commercial market if things were to change, I think it would happen over a much longer period of time and I think we would have plenty of time to pivot to how the market evolves as a result of those changes.
David M. Denton: Hey, Ricky, this is Dave. Maybe I'll take the script growth perspective and Larry will come back to the first piece. Keep in mind that our script growth is really coming in three buckets, and each of those buckets is really supporting our growth in the market. One of them is our – how we're partnering with payors and health plans across the industry, so that's contributing nicely. And our relationships with Part D providers are a part of that. Secondly, organically, we're just taking share in the marketplace as our service and metrics and performance out in the marketplace have done really well. And we continue to garner share from all the participants. And then finally, we have a very robust clinical program. Our patient care initiatives are improving adherence for our members, and that's driving script utilization and share gains in the marketplace. So all three of those components are really important. So we've talked about – your question is really around one, and we'll continue to focus on that. But that's not the only contributor to our growth.
David M. Denton: Yeah. So just to be clear, the $300 million retention is for commercial, all of our commercial rebates. All of our Medicare, think about them as 100% pass-through because they support the bid and the premium, so there's no retention on that at all. So $300 million would be the impact of both Medicare and commercial because there's no retention on Medicare.
David M. Denton: So maybe – this is Dave. I'll talk a little bit about PBM. Obviously the growth in the PBM has been, over the last several years, we continue to see this over the next future periods, especially continues to be a nice driver into this business. Obviously the movement as has always been moving from branded drug to generic drug is a big driver of growth in our business model in the PBM, but importantly our business in totality. So we still think there's opportunities as new generics come to the market to improve our performance from a generic perspective. And then finally, we do believe that the innovative solutions and products that we have in the market that can support essentially a mail order platform with the convenience of a retail outlet i.e. CVS Pharmacy, is a big opportunity for us to continue to enhance and grow earnings over time. So with that, I'll turn it over to Jon.
David M. Denton: Well, John, this is Dave. We've obviously – when the industry has changed in the past, I can go back to when AWP rules changed, we went back and recontracted our entire network to conform to new standards of the industry. I would anticipate that if the market were to change in a dramatic fashion, we would have the same opportunity to do that. And I think our contractual structures at this point allow us that flexibility.
David M. Denton: Yeah. Hey, Bob, this is Dave. Retention rate is actually higher this year, year-to-date than it has been in past with and without FEP. So I think that's – there must be something wrong with the math there. Our client retention has been extremely strong. We're very pleased with our progress at this point in time. And I can't really comment on the profit margin on those clients. Each client obviously is underwritten by – with a target margin rate and we're very focused on maintaining that rate. And we have been successful with clients who have full pass-through and clients who may have an incentive for us to do better in a rebate than a shared savings. So we've been very successful in both models.
