Larry Merlo: Yeah, Nathan. It’s Larry. I’ll start and then ask Jon to comment as well. But of the business wins, about 75% of the business wins are in the health plan segment; again, recognizing the value that we can bring our health plan clients. I think the themes that you’ve heard us talk about in the past have continued this year in terms of big focus on specialty. And I’ll flip it over to Jon to talk more about our integrated programs.
Larry Merlo: Yeah, Nathan, it’s Larry again. And I think as you heard us comment on in the prepared remarks and prior to today’s call, the ability to utilize our ExtraCare data, okay, to really understand our customers at a micro level, is what’s providing us the opportunity to do what we talked about earlier around this personalization effort and acknowledging that we can derive value in different ways. And there’s an awful lot of trial and error that goes on there. And I would say that we’re still learning from that. I mentioned earlier that Helena will talk more about that at Analyst Day in terms of the learnings that we’ve gotten and where we go from here. So I guess to sum it up, we’re certainly not done. Okay? We still think that we have capabilities beyond where we’re at today. But as I mentioned, you have to take a surgical approach, okay, so that we’re preserving the value of our best customers, okay, and enhancing their experience.
Larry Merlo: Yeah. Ross, it’s Larry. And first of all, let me just say United Optum, obviously, they’re a highly respected company and their well-publicized wins this selling season demonstrate that they can successfully compete for business in the PBM space. At the same time, back to your question, if you ask why we’ve been successful and why we expect to continue to be successful, we continue to see this retailization of healthcare. And you see more people in consumer-directed health plans. You see more care being chosen individually, when you think about some of the government-sponsored care with Medicare. And that points to the value associated with multiple consumer touch points. And I touched on those in our prepared remarks that, yeah, there’s 9,600 retail consumer touch points. We’ve got 80% of the U.S. population that lives within a couple miles of one of our stores, along with MinuteClinic assets and specialty and mail and infusion and now, long-term care. And we have created a true level of integration across these different assets. And, Ross, you remember years ago, we were talking about the Consumer Engagement Engine, which we now refer to as the Health Engagement Engine. And it’s a piece of technology that connects the dots with these various capabilities, so that it’s not just about collecting data. It’s about how we use that data to affect an outcome. So you combine that with the ability to touch the consumer in multiple different ways, and we think that that is our value proposition that will increase in importance and that has allowed us to bring products in the marketplace that can impact patients, payors and providers.
Larry Merlo: Well, Alvin, the year ended up at 97.2%, okay, for last year’s selling season. And, as we mentioned, we have about 75% of the renewal is done, so we’re in the homestretch there. I don’t know what the retention rate was at this time last year. It probably wouldn’t be that far off with where we are.
Larry Merlo: No, Alvin. I don’t see those aspects pressuring front end comps. I think it’s important to emphasize that some of what we’re experiencing is planned, as we think about our front store business and the segmentation or personalization strategies as we had talked earlier.
Larry Merlo: Well, Ricky, we have had an extremely high retention rate of those Maintenance Choice clients, so there’s really not a good proxy there, okay, to answer that question. In the few cases where that’s happened, CVS continues to be in the provider network, and we’ve retained a large percent of that business.
Larry Merlo: Yeah. Ricky, it’s around 75%. And if you look at the mix of business within the PBM excluding Med D, the makeup of that business is now 60% health plan, 40% employer.
Larry Merlo: And, John, it’s Larry. If I could emphasize one point, I think you’re hearing a theme emerge. And it’s not a new theme, but whether we’re talking about your point on the front store or some of the things that have come up earlier with some of the questions about the pharmacy, there is a tremendous amount of data out there, okay? And it’s one thing to collect the data. It’s another thing in terms of how do you use the data to create an outcome or a behavioral change. And that’s where we’ve made significant investments in our business, whether it’s ExtraCare or whether it’s the capabilities back in the pharmacy, that is allowing us to do things in a very differentiated way that we think that is giving us an advantage in the marketplace.
Larry Merlo: John, as we’ve said many times, price has been important. It will continue to be important. We’ve talked about the fact that price is ticket to the game. Q - John Heinbockel Yeah.
Larry Merlo: And listen, when you look across the PBM business, we’re talking a lot about retention rates. We never want to lose a client. At the same time, we don’t forecast or expect to have 100% retention. And you can look across the landscape and you can see clients who, every contract renewal they migrate to another PBM. Okay? So there are going to be clients out there that have different priorities. And we think that with our differentiated offering, we can appeal to the broadest set of those clients.
Larry Merlo: Well, Eric, it’s Larry. I’ll start and then flip it over to Jon. But as you’ve heard us talk in the past, okay, while biosimilars are just beginning to enter the market and their impact will be will be nominal or minimal, okay, in the near-term, we believe that they will grow in importance. And they will behave more like brands than generics, which create opportunities within the formulary management area. So that’s how we’ve thought about it at a very high level. I’ll flip it over to Jon to talk more specifics.
Larry Merlo: Sure. It’s Larry. I’ll start and then David or Jon, or both, will jump in here, but, George, I would say it’s really the surround sound, okay, that is contributing to that. It’s not just about the procurement side of things or the network side of things. And I do think that Med D is a great example of competition prevailing in the marketplace, okay, to drive down overall costs. And as you look today at the cost of the Med D program against what it was projected a decade ago, it’s a fraction of that.
Larry Merlo: No, George, it does. I think in our prepared remarks, I mentioned that less than 7%, you know, of the gross wins are made up of the Coventry business.
Larry Merlo: Yeah, well, I think, as Jon mentioned earlier, you know, we have seen the ramp begin in terms of the clients that came online, you know, in January 2016. At our Analyst Day, we’ll provide more insight and quantify exactly where that sits as we’re able to ramp up through the year.
Larry Merlo: No, Scott, I think we’re pleased, you know, with where we’re at and, you know, recognizing that as you’ve heard us talk about, this is a marathon. It’s not a sprint, okay? And we’re pleased with the progress that we’re making. And again, for the reasons that we mentioned earlier, okay, we think that the assets and capabilities that we bring will grow in importance, recognizing the direction that healthcare is headed.
Larry Merlo: Well, Mark, I’ll start and then flip it over to Helena. But listen, and I’m sure you know this, so just as a reminder, any acquisition, especially on the retail side, you have to do the things you must do before you can do the things you like to do. So I think we’re all really pleased with the work of the team to be able to convert almost 1,700 pharmacies in what amounted to a six-month period. And it was a terrific job by all. And we got tremendous support from our partners at Target. So we’ve completed those activities within the last 30 days. So now, we get to move to the things that we really like to do. And I’ll flip it over to Helena to talk about that.
Larry Merlo: And, Mark, I’ll just kind of wrap it up by saying it’s a hard question to answer, at this point, for the reasons that Helena mentioned. We’re just beginning the broad-based marketing programs. And there is a tremendous opportunity to increase the level of awareness of CVS at Target, and all that work has just begun.
Larry Merlo: So before we take the next question, we just want to go back and add a little color to the question that came up earlier on the Coventry business.
Larry Merlo: Yeah. It’s a great question. And we’re certainly open to that. I think that as you look at how pharmacy is evolving, and the importance of investments in technology to not just satisfy the regulatory priorities that are associated with pharmacy, but how pharmacy becomes an important part of the solution of driving down healthcare costs and serves as something more than just a dispenser of prescriptions, I think that as that increases in importance, I think that there may be more opportunities that present themselves. And we’re certainly interested in those.
Jon Roberts: Yeah. So, Nathan, I would describe the selling season as pretty typical. The number of RPs are comparable. And we’ve been at a consistent level of performance in the selling seasons over the last several years. If you look at the plan designs, which, obviously, drives profitability, clients continue to be focused on the tools to help them manage their pharmacy spend. And their top priority, as we’ve talked about many times, is specialty pharmacy. And we see both health plans and employers adopt our utilization management programs. We’re seeing even stronger movement into exclusive specialty and a higher utilization of our specialty formularies. And clients across our, again, both health plans and employers, are becoming even more aggressive with all of our formulary strategies. So Larry talked about our standard formulary option that we offer clients. Good uptake to that, but we even have more aggressive formularies, advanced control and value formularies, that we continue to see increased interest in. And then our integrated programs, like Maintenance Choice, Specialty Connect and Pharmacy advisor, are becoming even more important as people not only look at the unit cost in pharmacy, but also how pharmacy can help reduce overall healthcare costs, so strong adoption of those programs as well. And so I think it’s been, as I look at this new business mix in wins and profitability, I think it’s pretty consistent with what we’ve seen over the last couple of years.
Jon Roberts: Lisa, this is Jon. So I don’t think there’s any one competitor we’re taking business from. I think it’s across the spectrum, both large players and the small players. So I think it’s a very balanced selling season. And, obviously, we continue to be very successful and our message continues to resonate. And, by the way, even on the renewals, when you look at how we’re doing from a renewal perspective, again, very consistent performance relative to the last several years. So I know there’s been a lot in the press about a few contract moves, but when you step back and look at overall retention work, we’re very pleased.
Jon Roberts: Yeah. Charles, this is Jon. I mean, we’re seeing continued growth across all categories, so autoimmune, multiple sclerosis and oncology are examples. Hepatitis C, as Larry and Dave mentioned, we’re really seeing a less utilization there. And then, as you look at the specialty category and what’s driving the growth, you have price increase is really driving the majority of the growth. You have pretty strong utilization, north of 3%, more than you see in traditional pharmacy. And then you have new drugs coming into the market that also drive year-over-year growth. So, again, it’s specialty growing faster than - it’s the fastest growing part of the pharmacy benefit. It’s our clients’ highest priorities, and we have solutions for them that can actually help manage that, not only under the pharmacy benefit but also under the medical benefit.
Jon Roberts: Right. And I mean, it’s pretty similar to the selling season, right? The large players have made their decisions and now it’s down to the midmarket and the small players. So I would say it’s pretty comparable to where we were last year.
Jon Roberts: And just to add to that, Jon, while we have to continue to be competitive on price, it’s really our differentiated model and our ability to interact with a consumer and impact their behavior and lower overall healthcare costs. That’s what’s resonating in the market. And that’s why we’re continuing to win.
Jon Roberts: Yeah. And then, Eric, maybe I’ll step back and talk about the three dimensions to our formulary strategy for this year, because it’s a little bit different than what we’ve done in years’ past. And it does include these biosimilars, or in the case [ph] of a sidebar, (65:00) it’s a follow-on biologic, but I would think of it as a biosimilar. So first, we’ve got our normal therapeutic review that we started back in 2012. And that’s all about making sure we have cost-effective medications for our clients and their members. And we’ve been able to deliver the $9 billion in savings that Larry talked about. And over the last several years, we’ve been able to negotiate price protection into those contracts. So if a manufacturer raises a price over a predetermined threshold, that comes back to our client in the form of a rebate and lowers their price. What we introduced this year is indication-based formularies. So think about Hepatitis C that has six different genotypes. The genotypes are different. So we will have different formulary options based on the genotype or, in the case of autoimmune, you have the same drugs that treat psoriasis and RA. We may have a different preferred product for psoriasis than we do for rheumatoid arthritis. And the third dynamic is really hyperinflation. And we looked at drugs that had a three-year cumulative WACC increase of greater than 200%. And we’ve taken on 10 of those drugs this year. And our goal is either we’re not going to cover them, or we’re going to get the economics back to prior to these WACC increases that they took. And for biosimilars, I think it’s just part of that theme. How can we get the lowest, most cost-effective drugs for our clients to provide as a benefit to their members? And we think biosimilars will be an opportunity. Now, when you look at biosimilars, most of the pipeline is filled with biosimilars under the medical benefit, with the exception with Humira, but we’ll continue to look to make decisions that are in the best interests of our clients and their members.
Jon Roberts: And the only thing I would add is, I think that’s right. It’s pretty balanced. You know, we continue to get value to have a very competitive product in the market really across all those dimensions. I think the only thing I would add is that I think our expertise and how we’ve been able to help [ph] service reps and our clients is really how you design your plan, how the formulary that supports that plan, what’s your network strategy, all of those need to work together to provide a synergy that gives you a competitive product in the marketplace. And that’s really the expertise that we’ve built over the years that allows us to continue to be successful.
Jon Roberts: Yeah. So, Steve, they had an option to extend the contract and the economics were already built into that deal, and they chose to extend. So it wasn’t a new financial arrangement. It was an extension of the existing deal we had offered them.
Dave Denton: And just to be clear, Nathan, it’s Dave here. Despite the fact of giving up, I’ll say, a little bit of top line from a front store sales perspective, the flow-through to the business is accretive.
Dave Denton: Yeah. Lisa, a little bit of the cash flow, I’d say probably 75% of the increased guidance, is probably just - think about that more as timing, as you think about us being in a payable position to the Federal government at the end of the year. That will flip on us in 2017. So think about that as just moving into 2016 from 2017. I would say the balance is just general improved performance across our business, in both PBM and Retail. As it comes to capital allocation, as you know, we will continue to focus on what’s the best use of our cash to drive value for our shareholders. And we will continue to think about that, and we’ll certainly come back to everyone as we think about how to use that cash over time.
Dave Denton: Yeah. Ross, this is Dave. I’ll start off here. As you know, the health plan business is a little different than the employer business, whereas in the employer business, typically a benefit manager can make a decision for their population immediately and those programs can be implemented pretty rapidly. In the health plan business, even despite a health plan, let’s say, Chief Medical Officer wanting to adopt one of our programs, they need to in turn, go and sell that through their book of business or, in some cases in the Medicare book of business, the ramp-up of share is just a little slower. So think about us starting off at pretty thin margins and that ramping up over time. And the cadence of that is probably a little slower than the employer book of business.
Dave Denton: And, Ross, I guess if we look at 2016 health plan clients that we won, we’re now talking to them about programs that they can implement in 2017. And they have four lines of business that, quite frankly, you have to think about very differently. So in Medicare, they can’t just simply narrow the network. They can have a preferred network. In Medicaid, we see, very aggressively, clients narrowing their network. With their fully insured book of business, they have to work through the Department of Insurance and they historically have opted for consumer choice broad networks. We do see that changing. And for the self-insured, that’s no different than our employer clients. So it’s really arming them with programs and incentives to sell that into their employer book of business. So it does move slower, as Dave said, but we’re confident it will move. And we’re confident we can grow share.
Dave Denton: Yeah. Ricky, it’s Dave. We haven’t broken than out. Quite honestly, the integration of those businesses are pretty complete now, so actually having them broken out is a little bit more difficult than you might imagine. But they’re part of our forecast for this year and our forecast is very much in line from a quarter perspective.
Dave Denton: Well, I do think, obviously, the business has performed well, I’d say kind of in both segments, both Q1 and Q2. Obviously, we are driving benefit from, I’ll say, below-the-line as we think about refinancing our debt. But, again, you saw us raise operating performance expectations within the PBM segment for the balance of this year, and I continue to think that we’re well-positioned as we think about delivery for Q3 and Q4.
Dave Denton: Yeah, Mark, this is Dave. I think what’s important, too, as you think about that combination is the overlap between the Target pharmacies and the CVS pharmacies was pretty minimal. So I think there’s not a lot of those situations where we’re head-to-head, number one. That’s why it was a good match, from that perspective. And number two is that we share customers. Many of our customers shop the Target channel and many of the Target customers shop the CVS channel. And right now, what we’ve done is given those customers options. So I think at the end of the day, it’s going to be enhancing to our overall market share, not just switching from one box to another.
Dave Denton: Yeah, so this is Dave. George Hill, you asked a question about Coventry about, again, for the 1/1/2017 selling season, about 7% of our gross wins is related to the migration of the Coventry business onto the Caremark platform. There is an additional piece of Coventry commercial business that does migrate on to CVS on 1/1 of 2018.
Dave Denton: Steve, this is Dave. I would say if you go back and look at our long term targets, which is probably the best way to think about this, and you look at those targets, you’ve seen us give expectations that the top line is going to grow faster than the bottom line as we capture share, as specialty continues to grow, as we continue to invest in our business and do bolt-on acquisitions. I would say that that long term forecast remains intact today, from as you think about the top line growing more rapidly than the bottom line. And so I would expect that to occur.
Dave Denton: Generally speaking, that’s essentially how this business typically operates. As we’ve always said, is the health plan business, they’re a little slower to kind of adopt our programs and to sell those programs in. It depends upon the complexion of the health plan business. Some might be more Med D-weighted versus commercial. So the cadence of that ramp does vary, but it’s typically a bit slower than the employer book of business.
Dave Denton: Dave, Dave Denton here. Obviously, we’re very pleased with the progression of Red Oak. Both us and Cardinal continue to see value from that joint venture. I would say that, as we’ve talked about this in the past, both inflation and deflation across our business has not really been that impactful. So I don’t think that the change in those levels of pricing within generics has been a major impact on us. It certainly has not been material, both this year and in prior years. So it’s progressing very much as planned this year. And we’ll probably have more to update as far as generic introductions as we get to Analyst Day in December.
Dave Denton: We always update kind of our performance, both from a current period perspective and an ongoing perspective. So we’ll certain hit on key topics and the outlook for those key topics over the course of the next several years in December.
Helena Foulkes: Yeah. I would say, too, Alvin, we’ve said all along, we’re focused on driving profitable growth. And so when you look at where we’re very pleased in our core Health and Beauty businesses, that’s where we want to win. That’s where our most valuable customers expect us to be unique and that’s going very well. And then, we’re pulling back in general merchandise and edibles businesses, which tend to be very promotional, and reinvesting those dollars in our best customers, so I think you’ll continue to see us do that.
Helena Foulkes: Sure. We look at it a lot of different ways, but I would say at the most simple level, the top 30% of our customers drive about 75% of our sales and profit. And we are meaningful to them, but we still have significant upside in terms of share of wallet opportunities for them. So what we’ve really been focused on is the personalization strategy that Larry talked about. And essentially, investing in those customers, because we can see from the data where we have upside with them. And we segment them either from a value perspective sometimes or we look at them in terms of their shopping behavior. So we might look at beauty enthusiasts who, for example, tend to be less promotionally-oriented and are very focused on new items and what’s hot and relevant for them. And that might be different than food and family loyalists, who are looking for different kinds of offers and strategies. So for us, it’s all about getting at the very micro level and giving them targeted offers that matter for them. And we can track those customers over time, and we’re very focused and pleased with the fact that we continue to grow sales and profitability among those best customers.
Helena Foulkes: That’s the delicate balance that does not just make this a math exercise. We certainly know, if you look at our bottom two deciles of customers, where there’s potential. And that’s what you saw us doing the last couple of quarters, is pulling back our promotional spend, but weaning those customers off of it. We certainly want to continue to keep their business, and reinvesting that in other segments where we can see more profit upside. But that’s exactly the balance we’re looking at. And we said before, the role of the front store is different in our company than other companies. It represents 11% of our total enterprise sales, but it also is the front door to how people start to use us as a pharmacy. So as we look at those customers, we’re looking not just at their front door sales and profitability, but we also know which of those customers are our pharmacy customers and that’s an important part of the decision-making process as well.
Helena Foulkes: Yeah. Sure. So we look at our price, the net price to customers, as you think about all of the promotions, ExtraCare rewards and targeted offers we give them, and we think that’s sort of how the consumer views it. And we think we’re within striking range, essentially, of those competitors when you look at all those offers for our best customers.
Helena Foulkes: Right. So, as you can imagine, with all of that conversion, there is always - we’ve done a lot of acquisitions. You do have a fair level of disruption. And, as Larry said, the Target folks have been great in working with us through all that. But we were very pleased. The service scores coming out of those stores are tremendous. The leadership alignment is fantastic. We’re on track to achieve our targeted EBIT for those pharmacies. And now, we’re really focused on ramping up our patient care programs. As we looked at this opportunity, there were really three big areas where we saw opportunity, and those are beginning now. First is the core clinical programs that we’ve always used at CVS. We call them our patient care programs, things like adherence outreach and other ways that we can drive clinical outcomes, which drives scripts. The second is around all the member engagement efforts that we’ve got going on. And these are essentially targeted at our members through the PBM who now have opportunities to fill prescriptions at Target. And so, we’re letting them know about that, inviting them into those Target pharmacies to experience the new offering, as well as some targeted marketing that we’ve been doing in conjunction with Target. Most of that’s been digital. It’s also been radio. And that is really just kicking off now as well. So all those things, together, give us a high level of confidence that with all of these unique programs, as well as our brand recognition, our clinical capabilities and these digital tools that we’ve introduced, that we’ll be able to increase script volumes in these locations.
Helena Foulkes: I would say the only thing we would really say is, probably noteworthy in terms of performance is those markets where CVS had very little presence, like a Denver or a Portland, Oregon, those Target pharmacies are probably performing the best, because, as you think about it, that’s where our model of allowing Maintenance Choice members to now fill at a CVS pharmacy inside a Target really is unique. They don’t have a CVS nearby. So that’s probably the one difference we’ve seen so far in performance.
