Jonathan C. Roberts: Yeah. And I think the one thing we heard really from all clients, both employers and health plans is, as they're trying to manage their overall health care costs down, they're having to work with a lot of different vendors to provide services. And so, they very clearly told us that they're looking to us for innovation that they are looking to reduce the number of vendors. And the fact that we have this Aetna acquisition and the fact that that will allow us to innovate much more broadly to have a positive impact on our overall health care costs, they're very excited about. So that was a message that we heard loud and clear from clients just a few weeks ago.
Jonathan C. Roberts: And then, Michael, the only other thing I would say is, regards to the selling season, I mean payers really have three priorities. One is service the members and themselves as the client, and we clearly are doing a great job there with everything that we do from sales and account management to all of our support to their members in care, in mail and specialty. Secondly, they are looking to optimize unit cost, so our size and scale allows us to do that along with programs and plan designs like Maintenance Choice and preferred or narrow networks. And Larry talked about the results that we delivered to our clients with our trend at 1.9%, and then they're very interested in reducing overall health care costs. And that's what I talked about earlier, and I think that is becoming more of a priority and that's why they're so excited about the new company that we will become.
Jonathan C. Roberts: And then, Ricky, we're going to be launching what we're calling, virtual care, later this year that will either be an online visit or a video visit. So, the video visit will be able to treat things like minor illnesses or injuries, skin conditions and wellness services. And then the online visits will be on-demand diagnosis for limited scope areas like birth control, allergies, hair loss and acne. And we're doing that under our brand that we think will help this virtual care model that has been in the market for quite some time, but had limited traction. In addition, when we look at our clients, employers, we see a lot answers from employers in creating an incentive for their employees to go to MinuteClinic; MinuteClinic's open at nights and weekends. So it keeps them at work, but still gives them the care that they need. And then with health plans, very interested in MinuteClinic so that their members can go to a MinuteClinic versus the emergency room and it really is just a cost save for the health plans. So we're just saying, continued interest. And as Larry said, we're continuing to evolve this model.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Yeah. Lisa, this is Jon. So, I do think that there is interest in integrating the medical and pharmacy benefit. And you'll see that more in the mid-level sized employers, where they generally have one health plan and their workforce is more localized, because they're a little more challenging with the large national plans that have multiple health plans. But we spend a lot of time talking about things we can do in pharmacy to lower their overall health care costs, and Transform Diabetes Care is a good example. Larry talked about that earlier. We have over 100 clients and 2 million lives in this program, very targeted to their members with diabetes. So, I just think there will continue to be a growing interest in how pharmacy can help bend the overall cost curve with health care costs. With respect to Point of Sale rebates, I think as we see continued growth and high deductible health plans, I think there will be even more interest in Point of Sale rebates. We have 10 million members in a Point of Sale rebate program today. We can administer that. We can actually encourage those plans with either percent copays or in high deductible plans to adopt those, and we're able to show them how it actually helps members stay adherent and lowers their overall health care costs. So, we think it's a good thing to do. And it's just been a challenge because people like the flexibility of having that rebate check in either applying it to lower premiums or use it for other programs that they're interested in. But I think you'll continue to see us progressing in that direction.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Well, this is Jon. Home hemodialysis, we're taking it to trial and it will take probably 12 months to 18 months to get through the clinical trials. And then that solution is targeted for the home, so there's about 10% of dialysis that takes place at the home today with about 1% of it hemo and the balance peritoneal. So we'll be going after that narrow segment of the market. I think what's interesting is, when you look at other countries, you see home dialysis up to 30%, 40%, even 50%. So, we think there is an opportunity to expand that market as well. So, nothing really related to telemedicine with the hemodialysis that's planned at this point.
Jonathan C. Roberts: Steven, this is Jon. So, it really is a capability that we have and it has to be something that our client opts into. I would say, there has been some interest, but not – I don't think it's not a priority for clients as we speak to them, because they know that these patients are challenged financially and they actually appreciate the help. But it's a client-by-client decision whether they opt into the program and we support as they do so.
Jonathan C. Roberts: And Scott, this is Jon. I'll take the health plan question and their reaction. They understand that the lines are blurring between who's a competitor and who's a partner. And they just want to make sure that they're not disadvantaged in the market. And we've been very clear with them that, as we build products – new products, we're going to make them not only available to Aetna, but all of our health plan partners in this open platform. And we use the example of SilverScript, where we have a Part D plan and it's the largest Part D plan in the country, where we compete with the 40 health plans that we support. And as I talk to these plans, I say, with your brand and your market if I can make you more competitive, you're going to be very successful in the marketplace. And that in fact is what has happened with our health plan partners that are in the Medicare space. They have grown faster than the market because of the product services and expertise that we bring them. And so, the fact that we proved and demonstrated that in SilverScript is giving them confidence that, with this Aetna acquisition that we'll do the same thing for them as we build out these products and services. So I would say, people are from enthusiastic to wait-and-see, but we haven't really had anybody react in a very negative way because of this acquisition. So we're very happy with how this has been received.
Larry J. Merlo: And Mike, I think the only other point I'd add and Dave alluded to it in his prepared remarks that in terms of the 2019 selling season, we are seeing RFP activity down. And I do think that, tied to your question, there is a better of a wait-and-see approach as to how does the landscape shake out, okay, as people better understand the various offerings that will be out in the marketplace as they are thinking about making a three-year decision which, as you know, are the typical length for these contracts.
Larry J. Merlo: Okay. Glen, as I alluded in our prepared remarks, the integration work is going very well. Keep in mind that as you think about integration risks, the fact that Caremark and Aetna have had an eight-year relationship, you always worry about systems and that work is behind us. So, we can take that one off the table because of – we did that about eight years ago or started that process eight years ago. And as we've talked about the tools or the areas of investment, we'll have a lot more to say on that as we get further into the work. But keep in mind that we typically at CVS spend around $2.2 billion in CapEx each year. And we believe that there are elements of that CapEx that can be repurposed that would support some of the investments that we understand will be important to bring things to life. So keep in mind, we've been at this now for probably 8 to 10 weeks. As I mentioned, the work's gone very well and we have not seen anything surface to date that we would say is unexpected, especially as you think, back to your question, large cost ticket items.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah. George, first of all, I would say, think of it a little bit as both. And I'll start with, we know today that chronic disease accounts for a disproportionate share of those health care costs. And keep in mind that – I think we've given some examples. We've learned some things from the CVS-Caremark combination over the years that whether you're looking at a patient with diabetes and that patient they visit their doc on a quarterly basis, it's all about the execution of that care plan. That ultimately manages the patient to achieve their best health at the lowest possible cost. And we've seen some things with our Transform Care program, where – that has been rolling out that – there's about $2,800 per patient that can be reduced by just making sure that their A1C levels are in the appropriate range, that ultimately avoid some unintended medical event. So, we think there is a huge unlock in terms of the management of those patients with chronic disease. At the same time, we've also talked a lot about site of care in terms of whether it's transitions in care, whether it's how do we ensure that care is being delivered in the right setting with cost as a variable. And again, we think that there is a huge opportunity there when you look at the bricks-and-mortar asset as well as what can be provided for in the home. And George, you recall, I think it was three years ago at Analyst Day that we've started talking about this retailization of health care that picks up some of these themes and that health care was becoming more local. And certainly, the growth of consumer-directed health plans have driven that even in a bigger way as accountability and decision making is shifting to the patient. So, we think there is a surround sound capability that we're looking to build out with that in mind.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah. Ricky, let me start with the second one. Ricky, obviously in the first quarter, MinuteClinic is experiencing the intensity of the flu season that we saw largely in the months of January, February began to tail off in March. So, I wouldn't use the first quarter trajectory as a new run rate. At the same time, as part of what we're talking about, one of the work streams is, what is the trajectory from a scope – I'll say, the scope of practice and services at MinuteClinic? And those are things that we're working on and we'll have more to say on that in the coming months. And I would say, Ricky, that the consumer awareness of MinuteClinic has grown substantially. And obviously, I think that that is helping to drive utilization as well.
Larry J. Merlo: And then, Ricky, back to your first question in terms of Part D, what are we hearing in D.C.? Obviously, there's been a lot of dialogue about Point of Sale rebates in Part D. And keep in mind, Ricky, as you've heard us and quite frankly others talk about the dynamic here that 100% of that rebate value in Part D is passed through the plan design in the form of a lower premium. So as it relates to the PBM, that would have no impact on profitability if that ended up moving forward. I think the concern that exists there is, as you model that out, what is the dynamic as it relates to beneficiary premiums going up? What is the consequence associated with that? And ultimately, what's the government costs associated with that? So, I think that work has been done and you've seen some published studies associated with that. I think the other things that we are hearing is, moving certain Part B drugs into Part D. And then there'll be ongoing dialogue about the dynamics associated with the six protected classes, where formulary management typically does not come into play and the opportunities to further reduce the cost of the program for beneficiaries and the government.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah. Lisa, it pretty much is what you just alluded to, we will use Teladoc as the engine that provides telehealth services through the CVS app through and direct it back into MinuteClinic and other providers. So, essentially think of them as private labeling our telehealth program.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah. Mohan, it's a great question and I do believe that we'll have elements of that that we'll be able to do early on, recognizing the assets and capabilities that are already resident in each of the companies. And that's one of the things that the teams are currently working on, whether it's site of care, we talked about MinuteClinic, we talked about infusion in the home as well as the role that – the additional role that we can play around improving medication adherence. So these are just a handful of examples of things that we will be able to do out of the gate.
Larry J. Merlo: Charles, it's Larry. You think back to some of the dialogue that we've had in terms of specialty and the role that Accordant has played in supporting our specialty pharmacy business, and our Accordant team, our Accordant nurses are working with a specialty patient in an effort to manage the patient holistically. And we think that that is the approach that we would apply to home hemodialysis. They'll play a key role in that regard, as...
Larry J. Merlo: And Scott, I'll take that drug coverage question. Jon will take the health plan question. But Scott, if your question is really going down the generic path and listen, we have been pleased with what we're seeing from the leadership in the FDA in terms of streamlining the pathway, beginning to eliminate the backlog of potential generic approvals that have existed for quite a few years now, that has the prospects of moving more generics into the marketplace. And we think that there is an opportunity for greater adoption of things like value formularies that are largely, I'll say, staffed, if you will, with generics and the fact that we have now reached a point, especially as you look at chronic disease where there are multiple generic options within all of those different therapeutic classes. So, we think there is an opportunity for growth there. And we continue to explore different procurement models in terms of how can we work differently with pharma, with more of a focus on outcomes. Now, obviously I'm moving from generics into brands and we'll continue to explore those opportunities. And by the way, I think this – the CVS combination will open up the door to do even more of that.
Larry J. Merlo: Yeah. We're very happy with the biosimilar performance in diabetes. I don't have the trends specific for diabetes. I think when we talked about the 1.8% that was we saw adherence improving in that class. So as we look at the biosimilars that are coming to the market, most of them are in the medical benefit in the near term. And I think we're several years off from seeing biosimilars under the performance benefit. But when they come, we're very optimistic that we'll be able to leverage competition as we have been doing with our formulary strategies to dramatically reduce costs for our clients and their members.
Larry J. Merlo: All right. Well, listen, we appreciate everybody's time this morning. We know it is a rather long call and we communicated a lot of information. And Mike McGuire is certainly available for any follow ups. So, thanks everyone.
David M. Denton: George, it's probably too early to understand whether it can be, in fact, deflationary. I do think that with certain members, as we think about again taking a big step back and thinking about the retailization of health care and the assets that we have in place and we'll put in place, is all about wrapping ourselves around a member and helping that member better navigate the health care system and be more efficient as they use the health care system. And as we do that, we do believe that we can lower the cost year-over-year for those members, and actually at the same time improve the outcomes as that patient matures. So in those categories, yes, I do think there's some opportunity to really bend the cost curve.
David M. Denton: I don't know if it will affect our margin substantially. I do think it's obviously a product and service that we'll offer in the marketplace pretty comprehensively today. I think it's an opportunity for us to reduce the cost at the pharmacy counter for those members in the deductible phase. I think the adoption of that has been pretty slow at this point in time. I will also let you know that we've been talking about the fact that, while we collect rebates, the vast majority of those rebates go back to our plan sponsors in form of lower cost to them. We have said in the past that about 90% of those rebates have gone back to the payers. Today, probably a lot closer than 95% of all those rebates go back to the payer in the form of lower cost into the pharmacy program.
David M. Denton: Yeah. Well, first and foremost, within the Long-Term Care space, there's – many of the players in that space are facing financial distress and that has created pressure from a growth perspective just as we service those homes across the country. Secondly, reimbursement pressure continues to evolve in that space and probably a little bit higher than what we originally planned. At the same time, census has been a bit lower across the industry. We experienced that, just given our market share. And then finally, as you indicated, we believe that there is a big opportunity for growth within the out market. However, the growth in that market has not been as fast, from a case perspective, as we originally planned. We have several pilots underway and the success of those pilots have been pretty strong, but we haven't created a platform yet that we can scale nationally across our business line. And so, that's an area of work that we have underway. We think we're optimistic about that in the long term; but in the short term, we're not exactly where we need to be.
David M. Denton: Well, I'll take the Target question as it relates to an incremental transaction there. Obviously, just given our leverage, as you said, we're not positioned to do something of scale at this point in time. I would say, secondly, as we look at the overlap of national players around the country, there's probably not a national player that would fit with our geographic needs at this point in time. There could be an opportunity for a small regional fill in as we think about access points around the nation, but those are going to be one-off and pretty small in nature if they were to come about.
David M. Denton: Yeah. We actually did, in fact, increase our revenue guidance for the Retail business. Keep in mind that two things have happened. One is, we are making the incremental investments from tax savings largely into the Retail business at the back half of this year. But probably more importantly, why we're not raising guidance is, as we indicated our Long-Term Care Omnicare business is not performing as we expected, so we had a little headwind in the back half of the year compared to our expectations in that. So, think about the Retail business strong from a top line, both from a script and a front store perspective, being offset slightly from softness in Long-Term Care.
