Shawn Guertin: Mike, I would say, as well, when you think about this issue more broadly, to Neela's point. This is an example of one of the things I think that we've continued to do to try to tackle it, and one is obviously get more volume and more participation to help offset that. But it's also looking at cost of goods sold and looking not only at just improving that, but looking, thinking, and considering new models that we might be able to embark on to deal with this. The pressures here continue to exist, but they are stable, and certainly it's something we were thinking about as we think about next year. The one thing I would say is, certainly, all of these things are all designed to sort of basically produce a balanced, sustainable economic model in the long term.
Shawn Guertin: I will look at that barking dog barking at me here so. No, it's a very important question. Obviously, Medicare is the biggest single premium block that we have in HCB, and so its performance is critical to HCB's performance. The good news, I would say on this is that since we have submitted our bids, our Medicare experience the last 2 quarters has been completely in line, if not, a little better than that, and so we still feel good about our baseline and our forward provision for that. We continue to see deferred care i.e. some utilization less than normal in this business, and that did continue this quarter, but we're continuing in our forecasting to assume that that is going to go away over time and continue to sort of edge back to normal. Certainly by the bulk of 2022, we would anticipate that. So from a margin standpoint, I think this business feels like it is. I'm very sound footing. In terms of looking at our benefits, I think we feel good about where we are, both growth and margin wise when we think about next year, and as I mentioned, it's super early in the AEP, but we feel good about what we've seen so far.
Shawn Guertin: Yes. I wouldn't want to forecast that now, mainly just because of the difficulties I think that exist sort of around this whole deferred utilization kind of COVID interplay. You're certainly right. It was a good reimbursement year. We're able to do a lot of things, sort of, in our benefit design, and again, I think it's part of my comfort with sort of the foundation that that business is going into '22 up on.
Shawn Guertin: They both are down fairly significantly in that same general range. I think we have testing down right now a little bit more than vaccines for next year, and I want to be clear too that we did the 30 to 40%, we said it was a volume number, the number we will administer. At present, I would assume sort of some of the same profile of margin that we have today. But again, that could be also a factor subject to change next year.
Shawn Guertin: I'll answer the second one because it's fairly quickly in terms of my long-term kind of goal to get to the low double-digit EPS, what I'd say is that includes capital deployment. That capital deployment in some years can take the form of accretive share repurchases. Some years it can take more of a form of M&A, and as Karen mentioned, our strategy. will require the development of new capabilities, and I think while it's likely some of those we can do ourselves, I think there's some of those that will make more sense for us to acquire along the way. But it is a good and timely question around capital and long term. We're nearing the end of a sort of three or four year deleverage cycle, and I think the next three years are going to look different than the last three years. While we remain committed to our investment-grade target, and we will always manage leverage responsibility, my first priority always with capital is to grow the business, and we mentioned that our strategy might require that. So from year-to-year that can move between, as I mentioned, share repurchase, dividend M&A. But my experience is that a balanced deployment over time has tended to work best, and that might look like something with the M&A aspect, a dividend that grows with EPS in some level of accretive share repurchase.
Shawn Guertin: Sorry, my mic wasn't on. Yeah, on the 2nd one, you're correct. The MLR increases entirely driven by COVID. Fairly consistently over the last couple of quarters, the non-COVID utilization has been at, and even better in some places than expected. So the underlying business continues to look strong from that regard, so the increase is clearly COVID. As I mentioned, we do expect that we will see deferred utilization in the 4th quarter, but we're only assuming half the level that we experienced in Q3, and you could think about that a little bit from where we are today, taking half the step back to kind of zero deferred utilization. Where this is, is very similar to my commentary last time. Commercial has the least amount of deferred utilization right now in the system, and governments also. Government probably has the most with Medicare, having a little less than Medicaid at this stage. But we see all of those moving back towards normal in the fourth quarter, and as we think about next year.
Karen Lynch: Good morning, Lisa, and a lot of questions there, and we actually really look forward to sharing much more of our strategy when we meet in December. But let me just give you a brief overview. I would start with as we kind of look at the consumer, obviously the consumer has been incredibly challenged by the complexity of the healthcare system and our overall strategy is to make sure that we can provide them access points with lower costs higher-quality. With convenience and overall engagement, and we think, those factors will help us with the long-term strategy driving down healthcare costs. As we think about, you mentioned, our MinuteClinics and our trends. We have now 7.5 million people that have this 0 co-pay or low cost co-pay. We have started to see the Aetna members utilizing those services. Obviously, that's a lower site of care. It is convenient. We've also expanded the services, as I mentioned earlier, adding behavioral health care. We've seen repeat customers coming there. Obviously we are starting to get traction with the Aetna members with these plan designs and we feel quite good about it. Now, your question around primary care and what we think we need to do here is, primary care is a small component of overall medical costs. I think we all recognize that, but it wields significant influence on the total medical costs picture. So as you think about us managing and navigating care for our patients, we really believe that we need to kind of push into the primary care so we can influence the overall cost of care, and by doing that, we think that we can have better engagement, help customers better navigate, and obviously have higher quality, lower cost of care, and so that's the intent here of really pushing into primary care, and we expect to see continued evolution of our plan designs, if you think about our overall care strategy, it's virtual care. It's in the community, and it's in the home. If you look at what we did this year with our virtual primary care offering, clearly, we were able to be in the market early. We have 750,000 people now that are eligible for that virtual primary care. We connected that virtual primary care with an in-person connection with our MinuteClinic, and also in the home with diagnostic bio-metric monitoring. So you can see that we're innovating around the consumer and that's how we think we're going to really change the game in healthcare is innovating around the consumer.
Karen Lynch: We'll talk about that as well. But I think the two things that we'll be monitoring is do we expect incremental growth because of our product design? Yes, and then do we see improvements in overall trends, and we would expect to see that. We'll give you kind of more insights into our kind of longer-term goals here, but that would be the expectation growth in medical cost improvement.
Karen Lynch: I'll start and I'll hand it over to Shawn. As you think about our strategy, we'll lay out our capital deployment in much greater detail. But as you think about managing around the consumer, we have a tremendous amount of assets in our portfolio today, which we can build off on. However, there will be additional capabilities that we think we need to either partner or buy. So that will be part of our overall strategy and I'll ask Shawn to comment on your other question.
Karen Lynch: First of all, thank you for joining us today. CVS Health reported another strong quarter, exceeding expectations and driving growth in all of our core businesses in a very fluid market. We continue to demonstrate progress, executing on our strategy to create an integrated healthcare experience centered around the consumer, and I am very grateful for the 300,000 dedicated colleagues who continue to deliver every day, helping America combat COVID and its variance, including flu and other everyday health challenges. We do look forward to seeing you all in December in New York. Thank you.
Alan Lotvin: A.J., it's Alan, thank you for the questions. So I'll answer in order. So the first one with respect to the retention rate, we didn't really see a tremendously different selling season in '21 going into '22 than we have in the past, and that's I think a function of the size. We generally focus on 5,000 lives and above. We obviously go through a process when we can avoid an RFP. We do, but many of those were active competitive RFPs. When I think about why and where our sales came, it was in all segments of the market, right? We won in health plans, we won in Medicaid, we won in all pretty much all segments that we participate in, and I think we win for 3 reasons: We win, 1. primarily, because we demonstrated the ability to manage drugs spend particularly in Specialty Pharmacy, where you know it's critically important, 2. We've maintained extraordinarily high levels of service and built on that service with a culture of transparency and building trust with our clients and aligning our incentives, 3, and finally on innovation and bringing new tools to market largely in the specialty area to help our clients better manage trend and create better experiences for both providers and patients.
Alan Lotvin: Hi Eric. It's Alan Lotvin. How are you? On the on the GPO answer, principally, this is CVS, volume and capabilities that are being brought to market. We have a partner, but I would say it's mostly the CVS volume. With respect to 340B there are a few things that drive the growth. So think about 340B in 2 ways, right. One is we provide third-party administrative services to covered entities. So as we grow the number of covered entities, we grow the size of the contribution. The 2nd area is dispensing margin. We get paid a fixed fee for dispensing the drugs on behalf of the covered entities. So as volume grows, both because Specialty is growing as an example, as our book of business grows from new wins, and as our covered entity book of business grows, all 3 of those contribute to volume growth. Sorry, I would just add with last point was that volume growth substantially benefits the covered entities, and as you know, many of the covered entities are dependent upon the 340B program for their for their financial health.
Alan Lotvin: So we've done a lot of work on the original version of the transparency role at it creates a really tremendous administrative burden for everyone in the system. I think at this point when you think about transparency and rebates, essentially all large clients or even mid-sized clients are now have a 100% pass-through of rebates. Many of them have extensive audit rights. So to some extent, I think this is quite frankly solving a problem that's already been solved commercially.
