Larry Merlo: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Before we get started, I'd like to introduce our new Senior VP of Investor Relations, Valerie Haertel, and Valerie brings more than two decades of investor relations experience in the healthcare and financial services sectors and we're excited to have her on board. So with that, let me pass the call to Valerie to get us started.
Larry Merlo: Well, thanks Valerie, and welcome to our team. Well Q2 is a very strong quarter where we continue to execute against our objectives and build on our positive momentum, with adjusted earnings per share of $1.89 exceeding the high end of our guidance range. Now this performance was driven by strong operating results across the enterprise with Retail/Long-Term Care and Pharmacy Services performing above expectations. Importantly, these results reflect strong revenue and share gains across the enterprise. Given our results to date as well as our expectations for the remainder of the year, we are raising our adjusted EPS guidance to $6.89 to $7 and Eva will provide a more in-depth review of our results and our updated guidance in her remarks. We are highly encouraged by our strong results through the first half of the year, demonstrating our continued focus on executing strategic priorities we outlined at our June Investor Day. We are transforming our company and the healthcare industry and accelerating enterprise growth as we move forward. Our first priority is to continue to grow and differentiate our businesses and nowhere is this differentiation more apparent than in our retail stores through the conversion of our HealthHUBs. At our June Investor Day we announced plans to convert 1500 locations to hubs by the end of 2021. As part of this plan we will be expanding to three more Metropolitan areas later this year and we'll add an additional 10 areas in the first half of 2020. Our expansion strategy is reinforced by the strong results we are seeing in our initial hub locations, including increased customer traffic and incremental sales in pharmacy front store and MinuteClinics. We've also received strong consumer feedback reflected in net promoter scores at the HealthHUBs outpacing our broader chain by about 900 basis points. So we're extremely excited with reception to our innovative offering that will allow us to engage with consumers in a differentiated manner in the communities where they live and importantly improve health outcomes.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Bob, it's Larry. I'll start, and then I think Eva will jump in terms of your second question. But to your point, we're really pleased with how the integration is going. The over delivery to our initial guidance is largely in two areas, one is the formulary optimization, and the second one is, we're just being able to transition functions a bit faster than we had modeled and probably the biggest example is the consolidation of our mail operations and pharmacy.
Larry Merlo: And Bob, just going back to Analyst Day, recall we said $800 million in 2020 with a goal now of $900 million in 2021.
Larry Merlo: One of the things that I would point out to keep in the back of your mind, as we go forward that, we are building natural hedges in our business now, when you look at this business model. So to the extent that we see utilization trends and you can go beyond what Karen was talking about and just look at something like a flu season. It's easy to get your head around that. To the extent we have an extreme flu season, that is a headwind for our insurance business. It becomes a tailwind for our retail and PBM business. So we will have some elements of those natural hedges as we move forward.
Larry Merlo: Yes. Lisa, it's a great question and Lisa, as we go forward, we want to -- we do want to get more stores under our belt to move from qualitative definition to more quantitative definition. We have talked about the fact that we are really pleased with the feedback that we're seeing from customers from a service performance point of view. Net promoter score is up 900 basis points over the chain average, and we are seeing additional traffic, and we're seeing that translate into sales momentum, additional sales in the front store in the pharmacy as well as MinuteClinics.
Larry Merlo: And I think just -- maybe just a couple of other quick points. I think underlying Kevin's comments are, we have extreme flexibility in our portfolio. And with the number of leases that come up on an annual basis and we review the productivity of the entire fleet and have flexibility for probably on average about 500 locations every year. The other point also to keep in mind Lisa, your questions started with the HealthHUBs and we are continuing with our thought process around a hub-and-spoke model. So we are in the process of finalizing what that spoke, how that supports the hub concept in the fact that there will be more subtle changes in spokes across a geographic area.
Larry Merlo: Steve, it's Larry. I'd just emphasize or underscore couple of Eva's points and remind everyone that we did move the SilverScript business out of the gate over to the Aetna business and we're really happy that that we made that move out of the gate, because I think it gives us the flexibility that Karen had alluded to earlier, and I'm confident that that will pay dividends next year. Keep in mind that when you look at the quarterly cadence of the PDP business, it doesn't follow the quarterly cadence of the Health Care Benefits business broadly, it's kind of backwards in terms of the roll to Q1-Q4 in play. So that -- we're doing our best to provide that level of transparency in terms of the moving parts from a comparison point of view, but certainly the IR team would be happy to follow up with you on that.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Ross. Thanks for the question, because it is a great question and it really does speak to the opportunities in front of us. From a customer point of view and I'll define the customer as the user now, okay? The feedback has been very good and quite frankly it's validating our beliefs and our strategy that there is a growing emergence of the retail health consumer, and it's also giving us the confidence to move forward as we outlined where we're going with the products and services, not just in pilot, but the broader rollout of things that we've discussed. The flip side of that is, there is also a growing interest from our health plan partners in terms of how we can partner. Eva alluded a bit to that in terms of the want to one of the potential value drivers, and certainly those inbounds are -- there are robust discussions with Derica and his team in terms of the opportunities there. And then, the third bucket of opportunity is just the inbounds coming from other potential partners in terms of how we can work together to be part of the solution that leads to additional innovation. So, Ross, I would say that is probably something that we underestimated in terms of the potential for those opportunities and what that could mean and we certainly got a team exploring those and we'll talk more about that as they come to fruition.
Larry Merlo: Yes, AJ it's Larry. I mean as you think about our overall portfolio, we do not have any sizable business that would go outside domestic. So the impact in terms of the current trade issues, we haven't seen materialize in our business. It's something that we continue to monitor as you think about our suppliers, but it's not something that is commanding a lot of our attention at this point.
Larry Merlo: Yes. Charles, it's Larry. And I guess, a couple of points around that. First from a CapEx point of view in terms of the build out is, as we've said in the past, we're able to repurpose. I'll call it retail real estate capital that we've used in the past to the growth of the HealthHUB concept. So that is not of a concern in terms of an additional cost point of view. The second point embedded in your question is, if you think about the assets that we have assimilated, we're going to be able to create a more seamless experience than what may exist out in the marketplace, when you think about the role that a Health Care Benefits place from a plan design, and the role that the PBM plays, and then obviously that all comes together in the community. So, we think that will create an advantage for us against potential standalone competitors, and it goes back to the earlier point where I think that's where there is growing interest in terms of how we can work together in terms of the inbounds that are coming in from other potential partners. I think your third point is, look, as we think about the economics of that model beyond the build out obviously, we'll do that with the same financial discipline that we've done with anything else acknowledging that as Eva pointed out, you have three value drivers in there. You have the value of the HealthHUBs as a standalone business entity, you have the value that's created in terms of reducing medical costs that accrues to Health Care Benefits. And then the value that's created in an open platform, I'll call it reseller model where we can partner broadly with others.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Charles. Look, there are a lot of proposals across both chambers of Congress, if you will, at this point. And first of all, we share the goals and objectives of reducing healthcare costs, reducing drug costs further, okay and reducing consumers out-of-pocket costs, and we certainly advocate for those that we believe will in fact enable that. To your point, there absolutely are tools that have been used in the private sector in the commercial business as well as Medicare Part D that can be applied more broadly in the market, and I would say that -- as it relates to drug pricing, it validates the role of the PBM and actually expands the tools that have been demonstrated to reduce drug costs. So I would say, on balance, we're encouraged by the proposals that we're seeing in terms of helping us do more not less.
Larry Merlo: Kevin, I think it becomes - there becomes degrees of relativity in that question. And I would say, that it could end up falling both ways depending on where you put that on the relative scale. My point earlier is perhaps different than standalone competitors. We've got a natural hedge in our enterprise recognizing that we could have a headwind in one area and it's a tailwind in another area, and that provides a point of differentiation.
Larry Merlo: Yes. Matt, we saw the announcement this morning and we saw as part of that announcement the locations, were not disclosed.
Larry Merlo: Okay, so thanks Jon and look, just as a recap, we're at the midpoint of 2019 and first, we're very pleased with the strong financial results we've delivered in the first half of the year. They are demonstrating our ability to successfully execute on the priorities that we established in response to industry headwinds. Second, it is still very early in our transformational journey, but I think you can see we're working quickly in the development of new products and services that will transform the consumer health experience and you're seeing tangible signs of those efforts. We've talked about that this morning. It's summarized in our slides. And finally, all of this provides and gives us the confidence that we will be able to realize the potential of our innovative and powerful new business model delivering enhanced value to our clients, the consumers we serve and certainly our shareholders, and we'll look forward to talking more about that in the quarters to come. So with that, thanks again for joining us today and have a great rest of the summer.
Eva Boratto: And Bob, the only thing I would add is, you're exactly right, our $800 million for next year remains intact, $400 million for this year, with the largest benefit accruing to the PBM. I would say the other impacts are pretty consistent with what we had previously and it was a contributor to the PBM outperformance.
Eva Boratto: Yes. Thanks, Justin. It's Eva, I'll start and then Derica will jump in. As we look at the beat on the PBM, I would say it came from a couple of key areas. First, we had strong performance on overall script and continued growth in Mail Choice with Maintenance Choice being a contributor, as well as what we just spoke about, around the acceleration of synergies. We also had higher rebates earned in the quarter, and this is a function of our procurement activities with pharma that we do on an ongoing basis as well as improvements in formulary compliance, which helps us mitigate some of the liability issues that we spoke about earlier in the year. So overall, we're pleased with the performance here. Specialty continues to perform well, and I'll hand it over to Derica.
Eva Boratto: Yes, Justin. We're not going to call that out exactly, but I would say, as you look at our overall MBRs, what we're expecting overall, we're still well within our guidance range and the other areas are performing well.
Eva Boratto: And Lisa, if we were to just contextualize where the value is going to come from, I'd highlight three areas. As Larry said, first the store traffic, just the underlying dimensionally of our retail stores. Second, the value we can bring to Aetna and the Health Insurance business around medical cost savings. And third, opportunities in the PBM in our open-source model to deliver to deliver value there.
Eva Boratto: Hi, Steve, it's Eva. Overall what I'll say is, we're really pleased with how we're executing in the results in the quarter and the raise to our guidance. I think, as you think about quarter-in, quarter-out some of the headwinds that we spoke about how generics can affect us the rebate guarantees, you can have some seasonality of that one quarter to another. You called out the lower profitability of that and then in the fourth quarter with their typical seasonality, you can get some lumpiness with the PDP between Q3 and Q4, that's always been something that depending on where you are on the curve there that that can change. So there are the key items I would call out and overall, we're pleased with our performance thus far relative to our expectations.
Eva Boratto: And Ross, this is Eva, if I could just add one thing to Larry. We wrap it all up, it just speaks to the power of our ability to touch the consumer through our retail, through our retail footprint and bring all of this together and just the complementary nature of our business to others who are in the healthcare system.
Eva Boratto: And Lance, just to remind you Karen has shared at our Investor Day that Aetna as a standalone company between the years 2015 and 2019 was able to convert more than 82,000, and I think to the point Karen made, that was skewed to the earlier years in that range given the transactions going on and the focus of the business.
Eva Boratto: Yes, and Mike, I just want to reiterate, we are still comfortably within the range of the initial guidance we had provided albeit at the upper half at this juncture.
Eva Boratto: Yes, thanks for that Mike. Overall, obviously we feel really good about the momentum of our business and our execution here as we've continue to progress through '19. And what I'd say at this point is, we remain confident in the low single-digit growth that we provided at our Investor Day. That said, I just want to go back to a couple of the comments that I made in my prepared remarks, to contextualize some of the nature of the beat as well as the range I'd remind you that about $0.06 of that was distinctly 2019 items, such as capital gains and prior years development, and there are things that I wouldn't think about is the run rate or annualizing, if you will.
Eva Boratto: Hi, Kevin, this is Eva. I would say, we expect no changes from what we've communicated previously and as we've been trending through the year.
Eva Boratto: Yes the other way to think about it too is it would depend on hospitalizations, because if they are significant hospitalizations then it would tend to be higher medical costs which would outweigh the pharmacy script. But I think if it wasn't hospitalizations it might be, it could be potential like Larry said net neutral.
Eva Boratto: Matt, this is Eva. I'll start, I'll go back to the comments that that we made at our Investor Day, and we do continue to see script growth as the key driver of our expected performance. And with our clinical services, we've been gaining market share with our rollout of the HealthHUBs  We continue to expect to see that as an overall tailwind.
Eva Boratto: So I'll talk to the 2020 selling season. In the national accounts space, it's been a long season this year. We sell interestingly enough have, we're in active discussions with some very large customers on new business. We still have some large renewals. So it's really hard to predict what national accounts will look like for 2020 at this point. I would say the same thing about our Group Medicare business, our pipeline is still active, it's a very late season. We have had some wins in our Group Medicare business and we also were able to successfully retain one of our largest, out to bid retiree medical account, and we were able to do a full replacement there, so we feel good about that. And we don't anticipate any significant terminations in our Group Medicare business. So that's what I'd comment on the 2020 season right now.
Kevin Hourican: Yes, hi Bob, this is Kevin. And I'll answer that question. So yes, we're really pleased with our top line script growth. We're growing at two times the market. The vast majority of our script growth is coming from our clinical programs, which are intended to increased medication adherence for the patients that we serve, so those are existing customers of ours. And if we can keep them more adherent on taking their medications to keep them healthier and it also drives our business. As Eva mentioned, we also have strong strategic partnerships with third-party payers, and we're seeing growth with the major payers being able to ship share to us based on our preferred relationships. Those are the two primary drivers.
Kevin Hourican: Hi Lisa, this is Kevin, I'll take that one. So we don't have a targeted store count. But what I'll do is I'll come back to our Investor Day presentation, where we talked about the fact that we continuously evaluate our real estate portfolio. A couple of key points I'd like to highlight on today's call. First is our portfolio of stores is robust and highly productive. We view it as a competitive strength. It's important to note that we've reduced the number of new store openings per year. So if you go back a few years ago that would have been 300 per year, this year 2019 we opened 100 new stores, so obviously a reduction. 2020, I would project that we will open approximately 50 new stores, so that does telegraph or reducing the number of new stores that we are opening. Our focus currently as Larry mentioned is on our HealthHUBs expansion. In order to increase the productivity of our retail stores through the new services and the traffic that we can drive to our stores through those services and to enable Karen and Derica's business to lower medical cost through being in that local community setting and providing improved care. Our new store openings will focus in the future on markets like the Pacific Northwest, where we're under-stored, in high-growth areas, like New York City in places like Texas, where we can definitely fill in. And lastly, we will continue to aggressively evaluate our store portfolio to ensure we're delivering the highest level of financial returns.
Kevin Hourican: Yes. Hi, Ross, it's Kevin, and thanks for the question. And, we're really pleased with our front store business and the Easter shift did contribute positively. But that was the reason to be small percentage. The growth in our business is coming from our health and beauty strategies that are taking share from the market and growing share of wallet with the customers that we continue to serve. So it comes from a couple of key components. Our store remodels are increasing comp store sales in the locations where we remodeled, renewed focus on improving the customer experience within our stores, which is increasing NPS. And if you know, the retail equation, improving customer service does pay forward improved sales in the future and we're improving our ExtraCare program through targeted personalization which is increasing the reach and relevance of the offers to our customers and we're seeing dividend from those investments in technology that are fueling those capabilities. I'll just touch on the CarePass question that you asked at the end. Yes, we did announce earlier this week, the expansion of CarePass nationwide, I'll just say a couple of points on that. You know CarePass starts with the customer. Our customers increasingly are looking for time saving activities. They are time-starved and they're looking for increased value. We view CarePass is extending that convenience advantage of CBS by offering free delivery 24 access to a pharmacists in the 20% every day discount. We're seeing very positive results from the enrolled members that we have in our pilot markets. The $10 promotional reward in particular is what's increasing trips to our stores into our digital properties and that increased visit frequency is what's driving the return positive for CVS. So therefore, we are confident to roll it out nationwide and now it's a matter of how many members we can enroll and in what pace we can enroll them.
Kevin Hourican: Now, this is Kevin. I just have one piece of color, just the adherence opportunity is still very large for us and for the industry. Reports are that up to half of the people who begin maintenance medication will not actually beyond that medication a year later, due to a host of reasons, carefulness cost for some, and we're doing a lot to help save money for our customers to address the cost barrier and helping them with the forgetfulness piece through programs like home delivery and our script path program. So we see continued strength in here.
Karen Lynch: Hey, Justin, it's Karen. I'll take that one. What I would say is, I think that it's a very specific portion at the low end of our middle market and we are seeing pressure in very specific regions. We are seeing a little bit of pressure in utilization across the medical cost categories. But what I would emphasize it is not across our entire commercial book, it is a very specific – it is in our 51 to 100 and it is in very select geographies. And what we're doing about it, we took very specific actions, we are intensifying our medical management in those geographies.
Karen Lynch: Hi. Ricky. It's Karen. Let me comment on the Part D. What I would say is as a result of the combined Company and some of the successes that we both had relative to our Part D market, what we've done is, we've modified our product designed to better reposition our portfolio to support a broader consumer appeal, and then continuity for MA-PD conversions. And so, the report that what we're doing with the portfolio this year is, it's a multi-year strategy and we are ensuring that our consumers will have choices that will better meet their specific needs. And what we're really very happy about where our preliminary benchmarks came in as Larry said, we're at 30 what we call site 31 out of 4 regions. So we feel good about where we're positioned relative to Part D next year.
Karen Lynch: Hi, AJ, it's Karen. So yes, we're very pleased with our Medicare growth. And I'll just remind you that as we grew substantial amount of members, both in our individual and group membership. Our growth in individual came from service area expansion that was about 25% of our growth and then the remainder came from the existing footprint. Our claims and our first year business, as you would expect is performing exactly where we thought it would be. So we feel good about the performance of the Medicare business, as it stands today. As you know, we're halfway through the year, so the claims are still maturing. But everything, all the metrics and everything looks in line with where we would have expected. Relative to our 2020 bid, we took a very balanced approach to 2020. Our go-to-market strategy included a broad portfolio of remaining at zero premium PPL and HMO plans, we feel good of our ability to further build plans. We also were able to offer new supplemental benefits and we are also able to leverage the enterprise MinuteClinics by offering zero co-pay or lower co-pays at MinuteClinics. And we also were able to use some or incorporate some of our new differentiated capabilities within CVS. So we will be offering the HealthHUBs in Houston. We are offering, as you might recall, Investor Day, I talked about the hospital-to-home benefit, we are offering that across the portfolio. We're now calling that Healing Better. We also are offering over-the-counter and durable medical equipment benefits through our retail store and then leveraging the pharmacists' through Pharmacy panels. So we are -- we'll look forward to telling you more about Medicare in the fall when more of the information is publicly available.
Karen Lynch: Lance, it's Karen again. So, I just want to remind everyone that we manage our Medicaid book of business through a diversified set of contracts, whose performance as you know vary state by state and program by program and we're currently in 16 states serving various programs. Right now, what I would say is our Medicaid MBR is performing in line with expectations and performed where we thought it would perform. As you would imagine, we are working through pulling various plants operate at different levels of performance and we feel that we've got the right actions across the board. So we feel good about relative to Medicaid. I would also comment Lance that I'd remind you that we have a new contract in Kansas that is performing where we thought it would be. We've had some operational challenges out of the gate, but we feel that we've got those covered through operational execution and remediation plans.
Karen Lynch: Lance, we were having very good success in the conversions prior to the acquisition and we obviously had to put it on hold, on halt when we divested the business. So, I feel given that we have the largest PDP now and given some of the repositioning of the portfolio that we will be doing, I view this as a good opportunity, as I mentioned at our Investor Day for continued growth in our Medicare business and we'll be actively working on those conversions and our product positioning, the PDP will help assist that and we're very excited about the possibilities for growth there.
Karen Lynch: Yes, what I would say is, generally medical cost trends are performing in line across the board, what I mentioned earlier, with the small end of the middle market, that's very specific in geographies. We're seeing -- we're not seeing significant inpatient, we're seeing more broadly cost trends and more in the specialty pharmacy area than most, but that's trending in line with prior years at the same level. So there is nothing in medical cost trends that are really out of performing and what we've seen in the past. So we feel like, like every year we are doing the things that we need to do relative to medical cost management, but nothing stands out in medical cost performance to really speak of other than those four markets that I talked about earlier.
