Larry Merlo: Okay. Thanks, Dave. As you have heard this morning we had a strong finish to 2013 and we are having a strong start to the New Year and I just want to acknowledge and applaud the efforts and hard work of our more than 200,000 colleagues who were responsible for that. So with that said, let's open it up your questions.
Larry Merlo: John, good morning. Thanks for the question. John, I think as you heard us talk last week and we reiterated it this morning this decision is about CVS Caremark playing a growing role in our healthcare system, so if you go back to Analyst Day, we talked a lot about our strategy to gain share of a growing pie, and we believe that this decision positions us to do that as we move forward recognizing that. You think about the retail customer, you think about whether it's the client, be it the employer, health plan, but there's also a new customer emerging, okay, provider groups and hospitals, and I think that the decision that we made to acquire Coram, I think puts an exclamation point on that in terms of the role that we will play with hospitals in terms of delivering care.
Larry Merlo: Yes, Scott. It's Larry, I will start and then Helena can jump in with her thoughts as well. Obviously, when you look at that 8 to 12 feet that tobacco commands today, okay, there will be something replacing that space. To be clear, it's not going to make up $2 billion in revenues, but it will be something and there are some things that are being tested as we speak and we will make a decision on that over the next several weeks, but I will turn it over to Helena and she can share her thoughts, especially with her being new in her role.
Larry Merlo: David, I will start and I think the others will jump in here. It's very early and I think as we had discussed, I think a few months ago is this question came up, we see the probability similar to our health plan business and recognizing that we are different than the health plan business of the past. We believe there will be an opportunity going forward to introduce many more of the cost management tools that had been widely accepted in the employer space but not as accepted in the health plan space. We see that tide beginning to turn.
Larry Merlo: Dave, I don't know that there was any single item that drove that. It was disproportionate to other quarters. I think it reflects the ongoing growth in our Maintenance Choice product and the adoption of that and nothing out of the ordinary.
Larry Merlo: Yes. Lisa, it's a great question and one that we have given a lot of thought to in making the decision about tobacco products. I will give you two examples of where we think that the decision will make a difference. If you look at ACOs and physician practice groups today, they are increasingly focused on outcomes, because more and more of it is being linked to their reimbursement rates and a key areas that ACOs are focused on, is the role that tobacco place in exacerbating a lot of chronic conditions that are driving cost up in the healthcare systems, so many of these ACOs have developed number of metrics to track this. The results their programs take aim at smoking cessation, again, the use of these products as part of their part of their reimbursement models. If you think about all the different ways that we serve, millions of customers each and every day through our retail pharmacies, our MinuteClinics, our patients and pharmacy counseling through Caremark channels and we see our decision more fully aligning with your outcomes-based reimbursement models [taking] and you and we think that we will become the pharmacy of choice for these entities and physicians. I think another example was what I had alluded to earlier in one of the early questions about the role that hospitals play and the fact that with the Coram asset now, that creates a different dialogue with the hospitals and their physicians.
Larry Merlo: No. Lisa, I think it's way too early to tell. I mean, obviously, you know the news was well-publicized across the country in a variety of channels and a variety of stakeholders weighing in support of that decision. Everything that we have at this point is really anecdotal. We have heard from our store teams and our field teams across our Retail and PBMs businesses. Again, all positive, so we will see how that plays out going forward.
Larry Merlo: Hi, Bob, it's Larry. Just to tag on with one other point. It goes back to something that we had talked about at Analyst Day and the fact that clients are seeing high double-digit growth in specialty, okay. Their appetite to do something different is much different today than it was in the past. Recognizing that the patients that are on a specialty med, they are dealing with some complex issues, but the fact that these costs are growing, 17%, 18%, 19%, people are more willing to entertain programs that can bend the cost curve than they have in the past. To Jon's point, and in our prepared remarks, we feel that we are very well positioned to serve the client needs in a variety of ways.
Larry Merlo: I talked about from a cost perspective, these high cost drugs and therapies are clients' top priority, so when clients start on these therapies, they are very interested in making sure that patients are appropriately managed and that they complete those therapies and HepC is a great example of that, that's why the special handling and capabilities we have in specialty serve the needs of our clients with these very expense treatments.
Larry Merlo: Tom, that's another great question and the answer to that, is yes. Tom, I think that there are a variety of metrics that could be included in that from something as simple as dispensing the low-cost therapy whenever possible largely generic to keeping people adherent on their medication something we have talked a lot about and you could define that by we have talked about that at Analyst Day, you can define that by a medication possession ratio, so, yes, I think that that’s the direction that pharmacy needs to go and we are certainly prepared to move on that.
Larry Merlo: Dave, maybe I will start and I will ask others to jump in. The base line on the Affordable Care Act is really about driving new members into the healthcare pool. So over the next several years you are going to have something like 35 million Americans who enter some form of health coverage and with health coverage, it will drive utilization within our channels. So I do think that you will see that expansion happen really in two areas, both in the exchange market, whether that be mostly the public exchange, but also in Medicaid that the level of availability for Medicaid increases you will see that extend as well.
Larry Merlo: I do think that the second piece is that the next evolutions we talked about early today, from a strategic perspective, is as the healthcare system evolves, again, back to outcomes and performance metrics, you are going to see reimbursement focus on those and that will be driven by those who can perform well and effectively in managing care and in management costs down. I think we are very well positioned to take advantage of that over time.
Larry Merlo: Well, it’s a great question. I mean, obviously, as we have discussed, we think that our decision creates even further alignment with our client. So I would think that all things being equal, okay, that this certainly gives us another check next to our name. But I think that we still have to be priced correctly and we still have to serve the client correctly. So this decision doesn’t take the place of the basic blocking and tackling elements that we work hard to serve our clients each and every day.
Larry Merlo: Let me start and I think Helena will jump in as well. We do not see this decision having any negative impact on our pharmacy business and it's quite possible to have a positive impact, okay, recognizing the response from the healthcare community in terms of this action. I think the tobacco business at CVS Pharmacy is one that has largely been convenient space. As a matter-of-fact if you look at tobacco transactions, about 97% of those transactions are pack unit sales, not carton sales, so there is a convenience element of that purchasing that will go away and maybe I will ask Helena just to comment on the related sales associate with the tobacco purchase.
Larry Merlo: No. It is not excluded. Those sales are in our comp base - will happen as we cycle on to the back half of this year. We produce comps, we will give you the impact on our comps, so you can get the sense of our underlying true performance in front store.
Larry Merlo: When you get to the back half of the year, yes. That's true, because right now, we said we would exit by October 1st, so it's really more of a back half 2014 dynamic than it is the first half of 2014 dynamic.
Larry Merlo: Ed, it's Larry. I mean, Ed, we have done a lot of analysis with all the information available to us. As you have seen in the numbers, based on that work, we believe the related businesses account for about on an annualized basis, about half $0.5 billion, so you could think of it for every tobacco's dollar that we forgo, there is a companion sale of about, call it, $0.30 on that tobacco dollars that moves along with it, okay, and were estimated that that would be part of the lost sales.
Larry Merlo: Meredith, this is Larry. Let me start and then I will ask Jon to pick up where I leave off. There is one important premise, Meredith, to that specialty customer today and there are many, many examples where that customer goes into a retail environment to get their specialty med filled and they can't, okay, and the pharmacist cannot help them. They turn them away, okay, and it has to do with all the complexities. It's much more than just the fact that particular pharmacy may not stock a high-cost product. So it starts with that premise and then I will let Jon pick up it up from there.
Larry Merlo: Ross, it's Larry. I mean what we are seeing is a heightened awareness and consumer acceptance, which if you look at the earlier markets, as we have been able to you increase the number of clinics within that market, obviously there's a halo effect to the older clinics. I think that, our MinuteClinic team is working on broadening the scope of services provided and that is in development and that's in development with the 30-some hospital affiliations that we have established acknowledging that we are triaging patients from MinuteClinic to the institution and you know and vice versa. I think the other important point is, the fact that MinuteClinic is seen as a value-added benefits by our PBM clients and many of those early adopting MinuteClinic programs that offer reduced or in some cases zero co-pays and that too has driven utilization, so I think it's an evolving story that as we move to the future, you will see us expand our scope of services, but you we will do that in collaboration with our care partners.
Larry Merlo: Just ramping up, again, let me thank everybody for your time this morning and your continued interest in our company. Nancy her team as always are available for any follow-up questions that you might have. Thanks again.
David Denton: John, this is Dave. I think as I said in my prepared remarks, about half of the raise of the $0.07 is essentially a shift, if you will, or a cadence shift, if you will, around the quarters from our profit plan. Quite frankly, as we exited 2013 and we reassessed our forecasts for the balance of the year, some of the profits that we thought were going to happen later in the year actually kind of happened a little sooner, so we just kind of readjusted our plan, so you would expect half of that is just a shift, the other half is kind of underlying strength in our business, driven primarily by I will say generics within our business.
David Denton: Scott, this is Dave. Here we are in February 11, you know, we got a lot of time ahead of us. I think as we said our core businesses are performing nicely, we continue to manage the business kind of at a very detailed levels that deliver both, top line and bottom line results and this is our best estimate for the balance of the year and we will see how it plays out. Clearly, we do have a headwind from tobacco and we are working to manage that offset. I think the teams rallied around [just tried] [ph] to get that done and we are working against that.
David Denton: Frank, this is Dave. Maybe I will start with that. I think first and foremost, as you can see, is our underlying business is performing, at the moment, at a very solid level. I think without going into a series of programs that we have in place because there is not one silver bullet around the offset here as we are working across multiple levels to either manage sales, margins and expense to, I will say, fill the hole that from a profit perspective, that has been generated from the reduction of tobacco sales. I will tell you that we are not using share repurchase to offset that. We are trying to fill the hole at the operating profit line. We are not using share repurchase to fill the hole from an EPS perspective. So we are focused on the operating profit line from that perspective, Frank.
David Denton: Tom, this is Dave. Good question. I think as you know, we work hard and focus a lot of energy on managing the generic profitability is very important to us and there is a lot of efforts underway to do that. I would say there is a combination of not just one thing that's improving our performance here. It's a combination of many things, and you touched up on a little bit. One is, we are clearly continue to drive generic utilization. You are shifting branded drugs generic equivalents and actually just even where we have a generic brand or generic product available actually GDR even further there. We are always very focused on figuring out how to lower the cost of goods sold in those generic products and our procurement efforts are focused against that. I think the later in the years as we have our joint venture up and running, but we are not really thinking about that at this point in time. Then average on time and finally, kind of establishing, I will say, win-win arrangements between payors and ourselves to figure out how we reduce both, pharmacy costs and lower overall healthcare costs by driving utilization in generics, so all three of those components are playing important roles. We think about it. I would say the very short-term a lot of, say, the outperformance in generics are happening in generics is more likely dispensed in a retail locations as opposed to the mail locations, so that at the moment the profitability beat is being funneled more into the retail dispensed channels.
David Denton: Dave, this Dave. Not substantially. As you know, the break open generics are pretty modest in 2014. So we have not changed our expectation about that or timing of that.
David Denton: Dave, consistent with what we have said in the past, we see a more immediate benefit coming from Medicaid expansion than we do the growth in exchange population occurring more over time.
David Denton: Bob, you are right. We have shown that. We showed that at Analyst Day at about 30% and we will take your feedback under advisement and more to come.
David Denton: Ross, this is Dave. I don't know that I can comment too much on that I would just say that as we have been very clear is that we do generate a substantial amount of cash flow that we are putting that cash flow to use. First, in dividends and share repurchases, but just as importantly putting that cash changes kind of on the M&A side, I think, if you look across our business, I don't think we see any hopes as far as an asset compliment that we need to be successful in the marketplace? Having said that, I do think there is opportunities for us to continue to do bolt-on acquisitions, harness the synergies, increase our scale and continue to deliver superior service to either existing customer base or reaching new customers.
Helena Foulkes: Okay. Thanks, Scott. I guess, just stepping back a little bit. I have been in the role for about six weeks. I think in general what I am seeing is, as you heard today, the business is fundamentally strong and our focus is on executing and accelerating growth for the future. We are certainly focused on building on our foundation of pharmacy strengths and there focus even more on differentiating our service where we can leverage our enterprise asset. We are seeing this tobacco decision as an opportunity to connect even more with consumers, as an expert in health and beauty and to build our loyalty with them. And as we focus, specifically on the front store, it's really around driving what we call, smart growth, and I think there it has three elements. The first is taking ExtraCare to the next level. The second is focusing on our core strength in health and beauty. And the third is driving our store brand penetration.
Helena Foulkes: Sure. As Larry said, we are not a destination for the category. The other data point that I would add to that is, if you look across the whole industry only 4% of cigarettes or even sold in all of drugstores, so you it's never been an important part of the overall category sale. We think that we have done our job in terms of estimating the sales that come along with those and you see those in the estimates, but in general that I think is isolated around the front store impact. It's very hard to tell what other impacts there will be. Certainly, the feedback in the last week has been overwhelmingly positive, people really feel like this is the right thing to do, positioning us as a healthcare leader and there has been really significant passion among consumers and our employees and a lot of stakeholders, so all of that makes us feel somewhat optimistic.
Helena Foulkes: Sure, Meredith. This is Helena. Yes, we are rolling this out across the chain as we do any retail program. We have got full training performances and technicians and I think the beauty of the technology that Jon just described is, from a store team perspective, it looks like filling any other prescription that they fill and so it's not a completely new process to them. It looks very much like filling a normal prescription, so to speak, and that’s one of the things that has given us the most positive reaction so far from our store team.
Jon Roberts: Frank, this is Jon. So I think you should think of NovoLogix as being a value-added capability that enables us to help plans manage their specialty spend on the medical side and we believe that this capability will lead to our growth in specialty fulfillment of drugs that are billed under the medical benefit. So we think it is synergistic to our overall specialty strategy.
Jon Roberts: This is Jon. What's interesting is, we are moving with the selling season and we are off to a pretty strong start. We are actually seeing an increase in standalone specialty RFPs and we think we are extremely well positioned (Inaudible). As we think about the strength of specialty, I think it's not any single capability, but it's our suite of capabilities that are leading to our growth in the segment. As we also think about the rollout of Specialty Connect, which is now underway, you see a lot of patients actually walking into retail stores today that end up getting turned away in the 20%, 25% of specialty prescriptions that start in a retail store. We will now have the ability to take care of those customers and fill those descriptions by connecting our specialty backend and the clinical capability with our retail asset. It is interesting, customers with Specialty Connect have an option to have their prescription mailed to their home or office or mailed to their local CVS and pick it up in the CVS. We see very similar to Maintenance Choice about half the customers want it sent to their local CVS where they pick it up and the other half want it sent to their home or office. So we are very bullish on this opportunity. It is differentiating in the marketplace. It is resonating with clients and it is resonating with patients.
Jon Roberts: So, Robert, this is Jon. I will take that and it is interesting that our client, Coram, that we had in the fall of last year, I asked, and these were larger floor clients, what was their number one priority as far as us helping them to manage their drug spend and it was unanimous that specialty is their top priority. They are looking for help to manage those escalating cost that Larry referred to. Our capabilities now enable us not to just manage specialty under the pharmacy benefit but we have expanded our capabilities to manage under the medical benefit. So I think that’s what's different as we move into this selling season. People are very focused on specialty and the capabilities. I would characterize the selling season as off to a strong start. We are seeing activity early on from health plans and governments, state governments or government entities. We expect the employer activity to be strong, and if you remember, this past selling season, we saw our peak activity was down slightly. It appears to be returning to a more normalized level. As far as the pricing environment, I would say, it is very consistent with what we talked about over the last several years. It's very competitive but it continues to be the rational. We think we are well positioned with our size and scale and capabilities and differentiated products to be very successful in the marketplace.
Jon Roberts: Yes, Charles, this is Jon again. There has been some new oral drugs that have been introduced in the HepC space. Sovaldi and Olysio are two examples. If you look at the treatment, the cost to treat these patients, either over a 12-week or 24-week period, it is somewhere between $80,000 and $90,000 and up to north of $100,000. So these are very expensive drugs that still require big investments in inventory, clinical expertise to follow-up, we need to make sure these patients on these very expensive therapies actually take the medications over the course, so that investment actually results in a favorable outcome. Our approach is, these are specialty drugs for HepC. We do have the capability to, with Specialty Connect to service these patients in our retail stores, so even though the route of administration may move from injectable world, we don't see significant shifts in how these specialty drugs are going to be handled. With HepC specifically the current drugs, obviously are combined with drugs like interferon that require special handling and our injectable, so that's an example of why we think it will continue to be treat as a special disease.
Jon Roberts: Yes, and then, Meredith, all this is powered by technology that connects the retail store with our specialty platform and it guides the store staff through the onboarding process of this patient. I think that really is the differentiator here. A lot of these products, retail pharmacists just don’t see. They aren’t familiar with. So enabling this through technology, connecting it back to specialty, providing a pathway for the clinicians to speak to that patient around either special training or questions or follow-up that needs to occur. If you talk to our specialty patients, they actually talk about their pharmacists. They about the retail pharmacist and they talk about the specialty pharmacist. They view that as a care team that’s taking care of them and giving them the flexibility to get their medication in the way that’s most convenient for them.
Jon Roberts: Yes, right. So, Meredith, that’s exactly what I mean. It's going to be a team that is helping this patient. The retail team will be able to answer some questions and the specialty team will answer other questions for the patient. What the challenge is for specialty patient, it’s a challenge for the physician and it’s a challenge for the patient, because we are now opening up 7,600 points of access, as opposed to what we have now, which is really just specialty mail, it is going to make it much easier for the physician and its going to actually get that patient on their therapy sooner. That care will happen through that team and it’s all connected and powered by the technology platform that we have seen and now we can see that patient or this enables us to see that patient across our enterprise and all our platforms.
