Larry Merlo: Thanks, Dave. And just to sum things up, obviously we’re pleased with our strong third quarter results, and optimistic about the outlook for this year and next. We see the evolving healthcare environment as an opportunity for growth, and we believe we’re very well positioned to gain market share across the enterprise. So with that, let’s go ahead and open it up for your questions.
Larry Merlo: We have discussed in the past that we continue to see a cautious consumer. We did see some pullback in consumer spending that began in the spring timeframe. It’s manifesting itself in fewer trips. At the same time, we have seen the promotional environment intensify in both the drug and mass channels. At the same time, we have not made dramatic changes in our promotional strategy. As a matter of fact, if you look at our year over year promotional circular page count, in the third quarter it was actually down 12%. And we continue to use ExtraCare as our point of differentiation along with delivering a way to create value for consumers. And we have been able to drive the basket size of our customers. And as Dave mentioned in his remarks, it’s also important to point out that through these efforts we’ve been able to achieve margin expansion. So I think on the front store sales issue, it’s always a bit of art and science, trial and error. Mark and his retail team are certainly focused on it. We would like our front store comps to be better, but we’ll be very disciplined about not chasing empty sales.
Larry Merlo: Our position has really not changed since we discussed this on our last call. A generic sourcing alliance could present an interesting opportunity. We’re certainly always open to learning and evaluating opportunities in the marketplace, and if we were to determine that an alliance could drive higher returns for us, we’d certainly consider that. And we believe that we could do that without expending significant capital. So we’ll continue to watch it, and there may be some incremental opportunities domestically, but we still see the global sourcing environment less clear, but again we’ll be open to opportunities.
Larry Merlo: It’s a great question. I think it does make sense to look at it on an annual basis. And to Dave’s point, keep in mind that that retail percent of the Caremark book of business, while it’s grown, the pie has also grown at the same time. There have been north of $25 billion worth of new business wins during that period of time.
Larry Merlo: We have seen it grow for some time now. Acknowledging growth off of a smaller base, but it has been growing north of 20%. And I think that there are a lot of variables in play that are driving that growth. I’ll start with Maintenance Choice, but there are also more plan designs out there that have 90-day options at retail, and there’s been a lot of information out there that 90-day prescriptions also improve medication adherence. So I think that that we’ll continue to see a disproportionate growth and an acceleration from 30 to 90. Obviously, on the retail side, we have always done an effective job of managing SG&A at the store level. And the labor models that we have built, along with our workflow in the pharmacy, enable us to flex our labor according to those volumes. And there are some labor efficiencies to be picked up there.
Larry Merlo: We’ll touch on this more at analyst day, but we have seen some adoption on 2.0. I think certainly, as we’ve talked, we see an opportunity to, when you look at 1.0 and 2.0, the opportunity to cover more than 30 million lives over time, I think we see an adoption track where a client gets into 2.0 and then ultimately migrates in to 1.0 to maximize the savings. But we’ll hit more of the metrics in December.
Larry Merlo: Those are two great questions. If you look at our traffic through segmentation, we would see more of the declines among our least loyal customers. We continue to see growth in our most loyal customers. I think directionally, you’re spot on in terms of the reality of as we migrate over time, and reduce our dependency on the weekly circular, there is certainly an opportunity to deliver value to our ExtraCare members and create a high level of satisfaction and a bigger share of wallet, and to be able to do that so there’s a flowthrough to the P&L. And by the way, the My Weekly circular just becomes one more tool. That’s not going to be the single conduit that drives that behavior. It will be that in addition to many of the other attributes that ExtraCare offers the consumer.
Larry Merlo: It’s early. We’re experimenting with it now. And that’s something that we’ll be able to talk about over time.
Larry Merlo: I’ll take the first part of that. Acknowledging that A) it’s early, B) it’s a small sample size. But you know, what we have seen is a trend that really looks at the historical preference of the clients. And by that I mean if the employer had pharmacy as a carve-out option, then they’re going onto a private exchange product that continues to carve out pharmacy, and vice versa. If they have pharmacy carved in with their health plan, then they’re migrating to a carve-in product. And again, it’s a limited sample, but that’s what we’ve seen to date.
Larry Merlo: I think that you are right. I don’t think any of us see the circular going completely away. And I think that it will evolve over the next few years. I can see it being smaller. I can see it being more focused. Exactly what shape and form that takes, I think, is probably still an open question. I mean, we know that just because of the viewership or the readership of the newspaper, circular distribution is down from what it was five years ago. And so I think directionally you’re correct with your hypothesis.
Larry Merlo: In response to your first question, it is consistent with what we talked about on our last call in terms of the attrition of about 350,000 lives. And it’s early in open enrollment, but we have not seen anything that is contradictory to what we’ve talked about.
Larry Merlo: The other thing I would mention is that we have been operating under a waiver from CMS to continue to enroll EGWP members that we had commitments to prior to the sanction. So that has been ongoing. That waiver has been extended through January of ’14.
Larry Merlo: Flu shots we do treat as a prescription. And I’ll call it season to date… The season kicks off in the August timeframe, and what I’m going to share with you probably goes through near the end of October. But we’ve administered just over 3 million flu shots across our retail business and MinuteClinic. And that’s up from last year.
Larry Merlo: In terms of Medicaid, and I think specifically you’re talking about the managed Medicaid environment. And you’re right, we have about 30% share of the managed Medicaid market. We certainly see more room for growth there. We’re estimating that the managed Medicaid market is going to grow by about 40% between now and 2016. So we see that, again, as a driver for growth.
Larry Merlo: First of all, I agree with you, and as I mentioned earlier, I think it was the first question, that our retail team is working hard to improve our comp sales performance. And I think some of what you’re describing lies in innovation and trial and error, and we’ve got a talented team focused on it, and we’ll continue to work and ultimately crack the code on that.
Larry Merlo: And I think the only other point that I would make is that we can make it a seamless experience across all of the stakeholders that are involved here, to include the physician.
Larry Merlo: I think you said it very well. I don’t know that there’s a whole lot I would add to that, other than agreeing with you. And I think it gets back to what we’ve talked about many, many times, that if you think about, from the PBM perspective, that it’s largely been a B2B bus, and if you think about the new world order adding B2C segment, we’ve got expertise in both. And I think that that’s how we’re uniquely positioned to gain share, acknowledging that we are going to go through a period of churn in terms of who’s sponsoring the coverage. But we feel that we’re well-positioned and that whether you’re talking about our PBM assets, our retail assets, our MinuteClinic assets, that we can do things and bring differentiation into the market that would be difficult for standalone peers to replicate.
Larry Merlo: The numbers that we gave, to include the retention, does reflect the net impact of acquisition activity. And recognizing that we pick up some from acquisitions and we lose some. But acquisition activity posed a headwind for us in terms of the impact of that. And I’ll let Jon talk about it from a client perspective.
Larry Merlo: Also keep in mind, if we use Aetna as the example, that we have an Aetna preferred Med D product out in the marketplace that we’re supporting them on as well.
Larry Merlo: And your second question, in terms of payer mix, we have continued to see a high rate of adoption from health plans and even government sponsored programs. And if you look at MinuteClinic visits now that have some type of insurance copay tied to it, if you will, that number is now in the mid-80s.
Larry Merlo: So let me just thank everybody for joining us this morning, along with your interest in CVS Caremark. And we will look forward to seeing many of you next month at our analyst day in New York.
David Denton: Good question. As you know, we have seen substantial growth in share within CVS, within the Caremark book. I think over the past few years we’ve moved from roughly 18% to in excess of 31% at this point in time. My guess is those are longer term movement trends. So probably quarter by quarter it might not make the most sense. Probably year over year is probably a more comparable perspective. So you’ll probably see a little bit of that as we cycle into analyst day coming up here.
David Denton: I don’t know them off the top of my head, but we’ve been comping, if you look at it from a comp perspective, in the teens to low 20s most recently in MinuteClinic.
David Denton: Especially inflation’s been pretty consistent over the last several years, so it’s generally 8% to 10%. You have to add on top of that mix, though, as new drugs come to the market they’re fairly expensive, and then utilization is the third component. So that translates into trend or cost increases that our clients are seeing that are in the high teens, low 20s, and clearly managing this area has become our clients’ top priority. And we’ll talk more about what we’re doing in this area on analyst day.
David Denton: As Larry indicated before, we have seen the promotional environment increase over the last several months. I would say that while that has occurred in the marketplace, we have been pretty diligent in our approach to this. We have not really changed our promotional posture much. I’d say we continue to use our loyalty card program to drive performance for us and to make sure that there’s a good balance between what’s happening from a front store sales perspective, but also quite frankly what’s happening from a margin perspective. And we’ve been consistently kind of growing our front store margin rate. And again, there’s a balance there that we’ll watch closely.
Jonathan Roberts: We’ve clearly seen the growth of preferred networks in Medicare. Got off to a slow start when Medicare was first implemented, but you’ve seen a lot of movement, particularly over the last couple of years. In Medicaid, we’re seeing restricted networks in the managed Medicaid space. We think that continues to be something that this segment will be interested in. And in the employer space, you’ve seen - and Dave talked about our growth of Maintenance Choice, which is a form of a narrow network - interest from employers. I would say this year probably less interest, because employers were more focused on healthcare reform changes they needed to make within their own book of business. But it’s interesting that health plans that historically have not been interested in narrow networks, we’re seeing a lot of interest, particularly around their exchange offerings. So we’ve had several health plans adopt narrow networks for their public exchange offerings. So we think it continues to be an opportunity for plans and clients to save money through either preferred or restricted networks. So we continue to see good growth opportunities in this area.
Jonathan Roberts: And then on the profitability, it’s really a function of what programs they adopt that really drives profitability. So it lowers their cost, but drives our profitability. Programs like mail formulary, network programs, and others. And we think with the consumer making that choice, they’re going to be more likely to make those selections for themselves.
Jonathan Roberts: We saw most employers focused on healthcare reform this year, so most of the movement to EGWPs happened the year before. We think there will be a pickup in activity this year. Our plan would be out of sanction, so we believe that we’ll be able to implement anyone that wants to move into an EGWP product moving forward.
Jonathan Roberts: As far as we’re in 25 states with 70%, as we continue to win in the marketplace and win health plans, which we had some wins this year, we’ll continue to expand our footprint. And just as far as winning across all segments, as Larry mentioned earlier, for the 2014 selling season we got over $5 billion in gross wins with 96% retention. If you look back over the last several years, we’ve continued to be very successful selling. Our integrated model continues to resonate in the marketplace with Maintenance Choice, Pharmacy Advisor, our integrated specialty capabilities we’re launching, what we’re able to do for our clients with MinuteClinic. So we’re very bullish on our growth opportunities moving forward.
Jonathan Roberts: If you think of specialty today, and you think about it from an access to a member perspective, it’s primarily a mail channel today. What we’ve been able to do is take all of our specialty capabilities and connect them to our retail stores. So now members that want to get access to specialty medications can go in any one of our 7,400 stores as we roll this program out next year. We’ll leverage all of the back-end clinical capabilities, the billing capabilities, the fulfillment capabilities, and then we’ll be able to deliver that prescription either to the member’s home, like happens today with specialty pharmacy, or deliver it to their local CVS Pharmacy. And it’s interesting, very similar to Maintenance Choice, half the people want to pick up their specialty prescription in their CVS local store, the other half want it mailed to their home. When you think about it from a pharma perspective, historically adherence levels for specialty medications have been lower in the retail channel than in the specialty channel. In our pilots, we’ve been able to achieve the same levels of adherence through the integrated specialty offering that we have in mail. So we think pharma’s going to be pretty bullish on this capability. So we’re improving access, we’re achieving very high adherence levels, and we’re delivering all the clinical capabilities that these patients need, with the convenience that we’re able to offer through an integrated offering.
Jonathan Roberts: Well, I think about it in probably two parts. One is we think because we’ll have a differentiated offering, again it adds to our value proposition as we’re out trying to win new clients. Secondly, there is a segment of the population that is open. Medicare is an example, where the patient has choice where they get their specialty prescription filled. So we think we have a better value proposition for those patients, so we think we will capture more share of that open business.
Jonathan Roberts: It’s a very sticky business. We’ve got retention at 96%, you add on top of that the $5 billion in new wins. You’re always going to see some movement as people go out and evaluate the market, but we’ve been very happy with our ability to retain customers. And with that 96% retention, including some of the acquisitions that are moving away from us, like Amerigroup.
Jonathan Roberts: We have a preferred network. It’s very similar to what we had this year. It’s about 25,000 pharmacies where they’ll get advantages. The member will have a lower copay if they go to a preferred pharmacy. And then we wrap the balance of the network around that so that we have the full suite of 65,000 pharmacies participating in it. But it’s been very successful, and we’ve created enough copay differential to drive pretty good share into those preferred pharmacies, so we’re very happy with the performance of that preferred network. And it’s allowed us to offer a very competitive product in the marketplace that will help us continue to grow as we move forward.
