Larry Merlo: Okay, thanks, Dave. Well, I think you can hear that we're certainly pleased with our continued strong performance in the second quarter, the outlook that we have for the rest of the year and certainly, the opportunities the announced acquisitions will present for future growth.  And with that, let's go ahead and open it up for your questions. 
Larry Merlo: Yes, Lisa, I'll take the first question and I'll ask Jon to comment in more specifics around your second question. But yes, Lisa, I think the success that we're continuing to see, it really reflects our integrated model. And I think as we've talked in the past, you got to be right on price, you got to be right on service, but once we get past that, we've got an awful lot of differentiation that is resonating for clients across all the sectors. And I mentioned in our prepared remarks that the success this particular selling season has been more skewed with the health plan segment, those -- the health plans probably represent around 80% of the gross business wins of the $12 billion. And obviously, we're pleased with those results. And I'll ask Jon to take a deeper dive in terms of more specifics. 
Larry Merlo: Well, Scott, it's Larry. I think as we talked when we announced the Target acquisition, obviously, it expands our reach in new geographies: largely west of the Mississippi, certainly the Pacific Northwest. So I think from a PBM point of view, where we did not have good geographic representation, I think that certainly goes a long way to fill that void. And at the same time, it opens up another channel for consumers, and it opens up the different ways, in which we can offer our unique and integrated clinical programs, whether it's Pharmacy Advisor or -- Scott, you've heard us talk about the things that we've done that we've been able to demonstrate in improving access. We're also able to reduce overall costs. So we think it becomes an important solution to some of the challenges that our health care system faces today around access, quality and cost. 
Larry Merlo: Bob, it's Larry. I mean, you're right. We said about 80% of the gross wins is coming out of the health plan segment. The vast majority of that is clients switching PBM. I think Jon touched on some of the key elements earlier, that when you look at the makeup of the health plan business, and you think about commercial, Medicare, Medicaid, exchange products, we can bring solutions in a very differentiated way for each of those segments within the health plan. And I think that's -- I think once again, it's the model resonating with those clients in terms of we can satisfy differentiated needs within that particular health plan's book of business. 
Larry Merlo: Ed, there's nothing that is top of mind when you ask that question. I mean, as we've talked for the last couple of years, the marketplace remains competitive. And as I just mentioned in response to Lisa's question, you got to be right on pricing services, the ticket to the game. And then, I think our differentiated model comes into play in a very healthy way after that. 
Larry Merlo: Well, Ed, I think that as we've talked about the strategy -- and again, Nancy touched on Analyst Day and we'll talk more about this in December. But we think that we have a unique opportunity with health care becoming more consumer directed. And you think about the fact that we've got broad capabilities today, whether you're talking about retail, PBM, specialty, infusion, medical claims management, MinuteClinic and soon, long-term care that we can manage the consumer, the patient through the continuum of their health care life cycle, if you will. So Ed, I think we feel pretty good about where we are today. And obviously, we'll look to continue to add to that list of ways in which we can serve the patient and connect the dots, so to speak. 
Larry Merlo: And Steve, I think you're absolutely right, and keep in mind that we were first to market with the formulary strategy. And you're right, it was met with the mixed beliefs that you acknowledged. I think that over the past 4 years, we've demonstrated to clients and their members that not only is it a cost-savings opportunity, but at the same time, equally if not more important, we can manage their members in a seamless fashion. And none of this is disruptive to the continuity of care. So I think it is becoming -- it is getting more focused. And as there becomes more opportunities in the specialty space, that just adds to the dialogue. 
Larry Merlo: Well, George, when you look at the retail pharmacy landscape, keep in mind, there continues to be more than 60,000 pharmacies operating across the country. And that number has not changed in a significant way over the last couple of years to include the role that the independents play and the independents continue to grow. So I don't -- I think for us, the Target acquisition, as we talked earlier on the question, it became an exciting opportunity to increase our geographic presence in a very, very capital-efficient way. And we've got -- we're excited about the opportunities. 
Larry Merlo: Well, Bob, it's Larry. As I've mentioned, I think the team has done an awful lot of work in a pretty short period of time in the first year. And certainly, we're always looking to work in terms of how we can create additional value for the business and our customers. And I don't know that there is anything on the horizon that we can talk about right now. But certainly, I think the Red Oak team will have an ongoing focus in terms of how they can create additional value. 
Larry Merlo: Yes, John, it's Larry. Let me take the first part, then I'll ask Dave to comment on the second question in there a bit. John, I think as you look at the timing of the selling season, I think this particular '16 selling season was really unaffected by some of the M&A activities that occurred. So I think that, that opportunity is in front of us as we soon -- well, in some respects, we've already begun on '17 when you think about some of the health plan clients out there. 
Larry Merlo: David, it's Larry. Well, we certainly can't talk about Humana's relationship with Walmart, okay? That would be a question for them. But to your first question, I think as everyone's aware, we have a 12-year strategic agreement with Aetna. It runs through December 2022, and Aetna has termination rights beginning in January 2020, as has been disclosed. And we've got a very strong working relationship with Aetna. We work closely. We'll continue to work closely and I think we brought value to their business and their clients in a very differentiated way. And I think that the fact that we have a singular focus on pharmacy and for many of the reasons that we've been talking about on the call: the innovation that we bring, the scale that we have, we're the largest purchaser of generics, the integrated model that brings solutions to access quality and outcomes and the broad capabilities that we have, I think that it puts us in a very, very good position. I think there could -- there's the possibility that folks could be thinking about insourcing their PBM. But I think when you consider all of those factors, I think it creates a suboptimal situation for them. 
Larry Merlo: Well, if you look at the makeup of the PBM network today, Walmart's an important provider in that space. So I wouldn't see any barrier to the role that Walmart plays as an important pharmacy provider.  Thanks, everyone. And listen, I know this was a rather lengthy call today. Obviously, we had a lot to talk about. There are, as Dave outlined, there are a lot of moving parts, and we've done our very best on those slides to show you the variables that are in play. And obviously, if you have any follow-up questions, you can contact Nancy.  So thanks, again, everybody. 
Jonathan Roberts: Yes. So Lisa, if -- let me focus and start with health plans. They have multiple lines of business: They have commercial. They have Medicare. They have Managed Medicaid and exchanges. And we see different priorities based on the health plans business makeup of those 4 lines of business. And if you start with -- health plans want to be competitive in the marketplace. They want competitive pricing and high levels of service. And clearly, these are areas that we've consistently delivered in over last several years. We've been predictable, consistent and stable, and this is an important area as health plan clients evaluate their options in the market. Most health plans' biggest challenge is in the government space, and we bring a lot of expertise in both Medicaid and Medicare. And we provide advisory and consultative services that help them manage and build competitive government programs. So as an example, we provide programs to support their Star measures and we also help them design their formularies and benefit designs for Medicare. The other top priority for health plans is specialty, and we have the most comprehensive suite of solutions to help manage their spend and their specialty members across both the pharmacy and medical benefit. And we've talked in the past about Specialty Connect, Coram, Novologix, Accordant and MinuteClinic. And then we also offer many robust clinical programs that integrate into their clinical strategies and help overall medical costs. So we're able to provide value beyond just pharmacy cost management. We've also been very successful in the employer and state government space and these clients have embraced our integrated model and all the value we're able to bring them and their members. So we continue to be successful in the market and win new business because of the value and support we're able to bring clients and their members.  If we talk about what are we seeing from a plan design, maybe I'll focus on the new business wins that we're bringing on this year. And if we start with the employers that are coming onboard 116 [ph], we're seeing very high adoption of our programs, such as Maintenance Choice, exclusive specialty with Specialty Connect, formulary program with exclusions. And we're also seeing very strong adoption of our integrated offerings as well as our cost management solutions.  Health plans, which Larry mentioned, is about 80% of our gross wins. We see a very different dynamic across those 4 lines of business that I mentioned. For Medicare, we see very strong alignment with our Med D formulary and preferred network options. For Managed Medicaid, we see adoption of narrow networks. For commercial plans, they pretty much bring them over as is because they need to work with their downstream clients or state insurance commission, so there's more of a lag, but we do see interest in Maintenance Choice, formulary, narrowing of their specialty providers and in some cases, narrowing their networks. But it usually takes a year or 2 to implement. And for exchanges, we see adoption of our formulary and strong interest in network solutions. So with double-digit trend combined with the need to be competitive in the B2C lines of business for health plans, we expect to see high levels of interest and adoption for our programs across our book of business. 
Jonathan Roberts: It's still early because we still are 60% through the renewal season, so we'll talk about that in December Analyst Day and talk about the makeup of our wins and losses. And then you'll be able to net it out at that point, yes. 
Jonathan Roberts: Well, when you look at the employer wins, most of the employers actually come with us exclusively for specialty. And with health plans, they typically have multiple vendors, but we are seeing a move, even for health plans, to narrow it from say, 3 or 4 or 5 vendors down to somewhat less, and they get better pricing and better clinical program execution. And so we do have -- we do business with many health plans, where we're not the PBM, and stand-alone specialty. And that business for us continues to grow so -- and we'll continue to pursue it. 
David Denton: Scott, this is Dave. This is just the cadence of the business. This is just a -- we forecast that on a quarterly basis and quite frankly, just the mix of scripts and how they flow through the PBM and how they flow through retail, which is off just a tick. So there's no underlying concern there. No worries. 
David Denton: Yes. I think you kind of -- actually, you have to look at both because just with inflation, you can get a false positive or negative based on -- we could have share capture that's disproportionate. But with the generic influx or generic cadence, it could affect that line a bit, so I'd look at both, quite frankly. 
David Denton: Yes, really, there's a couple of things that happened. As you know, that our profits in the PBM has typically been a little lumpy quarter-over-quarter based on how we performed in Medicare. So you see the timing shift a bit based on where we hit the reinsurance levels, number one. And that's kind of common and it's hard to predict, number one. Number two, as we ramp into the back half of this year, we're overlapping the introduction of Hep C and overlapping the rebate performance in that category and other categories within specialty. 
David Denton: Eric, this is Dave. Maybe I'll just talk about it a bit. I think that there's a couple of things that are occurring. I think not so much if you look at gross margin. As I said, in my prepared remarks, there's been a little bit of shift in the, I'll say, the availability of generic drugs into the marketplace that are in a break-open status, and so that has influenced a bit our gross margin and the gross margin performance, both the first half of the year and more importantly, the back half of the year. I do think if you look at the reimbursement trends in the marketplace, as we have said many times, there continues to be reimbursement pressure in the marketplace. We don't see that abating, and it continues to occur, and I think we expect that to continue to occur, not only this year, but as we look out into the future. And if you look at our -- if you step back a second and you look at our 5-year targets that we've established, we've always talked about the fact that revenue is going to grow faster than operating profit, implying margin compression. And part of that is due to the reimbursement intensity in the marketplace, and we think that's going to continue. 
David Denton: But as we stand here today, just to be clear, as we stand here doing today, we are in a net win position within the employer/commercial market. 
David Denton: George, this is Dave. It's kind of hard to speculate on that. I would just say that our focus, first and foremost, is to execute against the pending acquisition, roll out our products and services in a way that puts our clinical programs into the hands of more members as they shop this new and exciting channel. And to work, as Larry said before, to reduce cost, to improve access and to improve the health outcomes of the patients that we serve. And that continues to be our focus right now. 
David Denton: No, I'm excluding both. I'm excluding both the bridge facility cost as well as the incremental debt that we took on in relation to financing the acquisitions. In effect, Slide 29 gives that nice little, I'll say, walk forward of all those components. 
David Denton: Great. That's a great question. I have not specified that time line specifically. And unfortunately, I'm not going to do that today. I do expect that -- obviously, we're at 3.2x. Our objective, obviously, is to get to 2.7x, and we're going to do that in a reasonable, modest fashion to get us back down into that zip code. And I -- but I haven't set a specific time line, and I don't really expect to do so. I will update the market as we continue to progress on this and make sure that there's clarity from that perspective on where we stand. 
David Denton: And then as it relates to, I guess, the profitability or the margin of those new clients, John, as typical, new clients when they come on as a new PBM book of business, they come on a very thin margin. And the objective that we have is, over time, is really twofold: is to sell in our programs and products that drive additional performance within the PBM; but probably as importantly, work to drive adherence programs into one of our dispensing channels to ultimately improve the outcomes of the patients and members that we serve. And so you'll see them come on thin. You'll see them grow over time, and that -- we expect that trend to continue as we cycle into this selling season, as we implement that into 2016. 
David Denton: Well, maybe I'll talk a bit about the availability of generics. It's been a little lighter than we thought, and we're forecasting them to be a little lighter going forward over the next several periods. And that's really driven by the availability of break-open generics where there's multiple suppliers in the marketplace, which as you know, where there's multiple suppliers in the marketplace, that allows us to reduce our cost of goods sold. And we see that cycling both the back half of this year and potentially to 2016. We'll update you a lot more on Analyst Day as we'll have a better picture of what 2016 looks like. As far as generic inflation, I think it's -- the overall marketplace continues from a generic perspective to be deflationary in totality, and we -- that has been true throughout the year and we expect that to be true as we forecast out the balance of this year. I think just in general, generic inflation has been modest this year as we -- as it compared to, I'll say, last year at this point in time. 
David Denton: Yes, I don't know about 2016. I just -- it's unclear at this point in time how 2016 shapes up in the sense of how those new generics come to marketplace -- come into the market. So we'll have more to say about that when we get to Analyst Day, because we'll have a better view of the cadence of that. 
