Travis Stice: Well, certainly that is multiple quarters out as we look into next year and all of those options are still available to us. In terms of - we announced the suspension of a share buyback program. But we also don't have a full - an intention at the board level to afford cash and so, we will continue to be judicious in the way that we allocate excess cash, as we highlighted primarily through the form of our dividend program.
Travis Stice: Well, if we just look at the Delaware basin, and particularly I think over the last couple of quarters, we have taken a $100 a foot out of the DC and e-components. And those are permanent savings regardless of the cyclicality of our business. On the midland basin side, we have probably taken out 50 or 60. And again, a lot of those are also going to be made permanent.We understand that our business partners on the service side, are really in a bind, and we do know that in the future, when commodity prices begin to recover, that side of our business will have to repair their balance sheets and we will require more consideration from other operators and that is the cyclical nature of there.But we don't know when that is going to occur. We do think that the rate of change, going forward, just from a planning perspective, the rate of change is getting smaller relative to where it was the last time we went through this in 2015 and 2016.But it is still our organization's intent to find those elements that will survive past the cyclical nature and actually make them permanent in the way that we go about prosecuting our development plan.So what percent, is lot harder to predict? It is smaller today, then when you likely ask me that at 2015 and 2016. But we are still trying everyday to identify and make permanent those savings.
Travis Stice: Yes. Derek, thank you. That is fair, I think we are sticking to that exit rate guidance, pending, getting back to work in the back half of the year. I think if first of all curtailed volumes seem to come back before we start completing new wells, and if curtailed volumes come back, and then we start completing wells, late in the summer or into the fall, then that number is certainly achievable.[Audio Gap] continue to be curtailed or delay our return back to work and lock update the market, as we have, four times in the last month and a half, and give you the latest data that we are seeing.
Travis Stice: No. We are still very far away from any marketing commitments being triggers. We produced a little over 250,000 gross barrels of oil a day in the first quarter. And our true take or pay commitments are about 125,000 barrels a day today. So we are still pretty far away from triggering anything of those. And, the secondary thought behind the cash operating costs was where we are curtailing in the marketing contracts associated with the barrels that we are curtailing.
Travis Stice: Yes. So Gail, typically we are round 20, 25 workover hits on a daily basis, just doing routine maintenance and part of this curtailments effects that we are going through right now is that we reduced that number to less than 10, maybe on some days, even less than five. So as wells fail or have problems we are electing, at least in the month of May now to go out and repair them.As long as we don't have those types of failed wells shut-in for a very long period of time, you know months, I'm not worried about having to go back in and remediate those wells. Yet, there will be a cost, but that cost will be pushed out several months in that scenario, but the productivity shouldn't be impacted. And as we are talking about multiple, multiple months. But that is where we are thinking about it now.
Travis Stice: Yes Gail, so, we wanted to show the slide to show investors how we are thinking about curtailing volumes. And while we are supposed to put flat price throughout the month, the role and the differentials had already been fixed going into May. I will say its contract dependent, so, all we speak for Diamondback contracts, but, majority of our Brent based contracts have a Brent role components, so it is a Brent role because it is been in less contained [indiscernible] WTI will be a significantly smaller number.
Travis Stice: Yes Neal. No question with the production stream declining overall, oil going to decline faster than your BOEs and I think we framed our oil production base decline in the mid-30s with our BOE base decline in the low-30s percentages.So, I'm hopeful that if we do get back to work, we are going to try to combat that decline, some high or oil percentage Midland basin activity. But given the uncertainty today, I think overall, those numbers that we have out there on base decline are still valid.
Travis Stice: Yes. I think I answered it a little bit on the previous question about the rate of change and cost is certainly a lot smaller now than it was in 2015 and 2016 when we went through the cycle. Look, there is two ways to work on that. There is things like I emphasized that we can make permanent those things move on forever. And that is, loading completely as well as faster, it get the TD faster, those are all elements of making permanent cost savings.Whether our business partners on the service side, continue to offer concessions, beyond this point, there is probably going to be some, but we do feel like the majority of those have been offered up in the month of April and in May as the industry has recalibrated quicker than anything we have ever seen.
Travis Stice: And you know Neal, we have got a lot of information in our deck, what we are talking about cost, and improvements quarter-over-quarter and I think it is important to recognize that one of the reasons that we try to answer the questions with as much detail as we can and that why as Kaes pointed that we have updated the market four times in the last month and a half.It is because when times were uncertain and our investors that own the company, have questions, transparency is more important than ever. So, even though we might have had a free pass full of guidance, it is just not part of our culture of transparency.We are going to tell you everything we can within the rules of financial disclosure, so that you can make the best investment decisions that you can and the only way that we can do that is to be very, very transparent.And so whether it is in a background, or prepared remarks or in the Q&A that transparency is needed for tenants of dial back energy, and we tend to follow that through these uncertain times and into the future.
Travis Stice: Well, there is two ways in well productivity is, if you complete in the same well, one month versus next is that productivity improved in the current month versus the prior months. And there is also a way that productivity looks better on the macro sense, because you are shifting the mix of projects that you are doing.And so most of what we were focusing on in our earlier communication was highlighting the shift from the Delaware Basin more towards the Midland Basin where we had mineral ownerships within our sub Viper and then also not having to spend any, or limited infrastructure dollars.So, we are still going to see that effect through the course of this year as our program migrates more into the Midland Basin side. And as I've answered now a couple of times, I still think there is room to see changes that we are making due to doing things better than we have done in the past, and those are the things that that live on as the ones who make current.
Travis Stice: And let me just add, when you think about where the service sector is, I certainly don't intend to be a spokesperson for the service sector. I don't understand their finances like they do. And so, really whether or not they continue to reduce costs, and it is to the benefit, at least near-term to down with that shareholders.Those are really questions that are best asked and answered on that side. What I'm leaning into our organization for is how can we do things better every day, regardless of the cyclical nature of what our business partners on the service side is.
Travis Stice: Yes, it is really Scott a combination of all three of those. I mean, we definitely had rig contracts and every dollar counts and while those rigs counts wind out this year, we didn't want to pay early termination fees. But also when you think about 2021, and carrying in a large number of ducts, we are really covered off on both the bull case and the bear case.In the bull case, we will have a bunch of really high quality ducts that we can bring on to production quickly in 2021 if we get paid for the commodity we produce. On the bear case, if it gets bad, then we probably won't drill many - if any wells at all in 2021 and whatever via maintenance that we feel like we can get paid for we can do that just by completing these extremely high rate of return on a cost forward basis.
Travis Stice: Well assuming where we are today, right, the first thing we would have to do is your brain deferred production back on and then to talk about increased activities, again, there is a lot of factors that went into that, but you have got to have prices in the high 20s, or low 30s. Before we kind of signal going back to working in an aggressive, or even in a non-aggressive way. But again, we are going to take all of these things into consideration before we come out in a market on what our activity plans are back half of this year or in the next year as well.
Travis Stice: Well, you know looking a little better for June to be honest. If the dips in the well, being significantly, you want to well side significantly less negative on the dip side, being Midland trading at a premium recently for WTI and on top of that WTL trading at a premium to WTI.So I never thought $22 would be exciting, but here we are, looking at our cash cost for June and I think as we sit today, we have nominations due in two weeks. As we sit today it certainly looks better for the June month from a contract perspective than it did in May.
Travis Stice: Yes, those are certainly things that we are examining, but one thing that, I have been pleased with is that our spacing assumptions when they have been validated now for almost five years, really haven't ever changed and we have never been part of that drill wells too closely or stack and to tightly together.So, the rule of thumb has always been, the higher the oil price, the closer spaces, you could put your wells because you can capitalize on acceleration and the lower price, or is the water you should spread out, but we have been, we follow that, but we have been pleased that our spacing assumptions seem to struck the right balance now for multiple years and a lot of technical review with our reserve auditors have validated that.So we have never really tightened them up and then some instances, maybe even in Delaware, in some of the new developed zones, we might have slightly increased the well spacing, but in a general sense, we have been very conservative on how we count locations and how we develop these reservoirs.When you look at the completion side, Jeff we are always trying to do everything we can to extract the most hydrocarbons from these rocks and it was stimulated rock volume near well bores is a key. And I can tell you the scientists and engineering and geology scientists that we have, they are always, tweaking with that.So while we can look at spacing, we have to get down and completing the well. That just a constant work in progress, and this is always evolving. And that will never change, I can promise you.
Travis Stice: Well, it should only be driven by economics, right. And so, the first thing we would do is, obviously, get our curtailed volumes back into the production equation, and then following that we will get economics about, what is the service sector is going to charge to come back to work, and then we will balance that against with our expectations are for the forward curve and make an economic decision on that, I think I alluded to some form of start in the high 20s and low 30s.But really if you flash all the way out there to what our world used to look like in growth, that is back the prices that you saw last year. So I think as we evolve as an industry into this new order. I think it is going to look a lot different than what historically we have accustomed to.
Travis Stice: Yes, well first, we are certainly not in the prediction of what recovery is going to look like V-shape or U-shape or whatever. But what we are trying to do is demonstrate flexibility to our investors that whether it is lower, longer, we are prepared for that with our financial strength, or whether the market signals that it is time to go back to work, we are also prepared for that.But again, back to my transparency comment, in these uncertain times, whichever scenario plays out, you can count on us, stepping forward and letting our investors know exactly what we are thinking about the business and the strategic rationale behind the decisions that we make.
Travis Stice: Yes. Charles, just to add to that the complexity is, unless you are actually inside, it is hard to communicate but I will say it, our land organizations and our land professionals, they are engaged, almost, they engaged every day and feels like a nice light to work on lease terms to avoid, having a drill or completed well and when we are not getting paid for the commodity.So, as Kaes indicated, a lot of our mineral owners understand the business and are trying to make, concessions. But also it is very difficult at times to get everyone on the same page and all it takes is one person to say no, and then your hand is forced. So, really proud of our land organization and the work they are doing says to get us to the point where we are only running one completion through honor minimum obligations this quarter.
Travis Stice: We have got over 12,000 gross locations still in front of us, Richard and which is slowdown in activity or stoppage in activity, exactly as Kaes said, we are actually extending our inventory runway as a result of completing those wells and adding the license.
Travis Stice: Yes. Jason, this is all about demonstrating our financial strength and getting to the other side of the recovery. When we are there, when the market signal is there, I think a question has more validity, but right now you know it is doing, what we are doing, which is maximizing cash flow and preserving liquidity.
Travis Stice: I think our industry is evolving perhaps as a more rapid pace than it ever had. And if we were making changes at the end of last year, as an industry, with a slower growth and a greater return model. And then I've got take in the hyper-speed in March to this year.So, this new oil order as we looked ahead, as we are going to have what feels like, at least today, it is going to feel like a lot lower growth in a more prescriptive way of returning, investments or returning, returns to our investors.And I think it is still going to evolve in the course of this year, but certainly under what is a strip looks like it is going to definitely be a lot lower growth profile. But we want to make sure we maintain a dividend and resume - when you maximize our cash flow, when appropriate the market signals, you have purely growth there - all those t the same at time.
Travis Stice: Yes. It is more than just the just an oil price. I think I said earlier that if you look at some of the prices that we got in 2019, that certainly signal that you can get more aggressive on the growth, but I think we have got to be pretty careful and being super scripted on what exact price signals may look like before you get back to growth. Again, just want to make sure we maintain our dividends, maximize our cash flow and when it is time to grow, now back we will have few leading growth along with the dividend and maximize cash flow.
Travis Stice: Just to finish that part, I kind of went on a little earlier about transparency and I think it is important, again to emphasize here, we are trying to communicate as transparent as we can the way that we see the future, and you can count on us as the future gets clear, we are going to update the market.Like you said, we have done it four times in the last five weeks. And we are going to continue to be communicative and we are going to continue to demonstrate one of the hallmarks of our corporate culture which is transparency, and we will let you know as these things evolve.
Travis Stice: Sure, thank you. Listen to before I close this morning, I wanted to share with you guys a final thought. We have all had what feels like an unreasonable amount of time to reflect over the last couple of months as we have worked remotely or sheltered in place. And when I'm not doing that, and looking back into over 35 years I've had in the industry, there is been several significant events that have stood out. The challenger spaceship disaster in 1986, the financial crisis of 2007 and 2008, of course, 9/11, and now we are involve in a worldwide pandemic caused by the Coronavirus.But when I look back at those historical events that that I participated in, during those times, there were really two defining attributes that I felt were demonstrated. The first is, is really the resiliency of the American people. Even in the face of human tragedy and financial tragedy, we found a way to move forward.And the second attribute and I think it is important in today's environment is hope, hope that we will get through this and hope that our situation will get better. And so as we get this country back to work, let's count on that resiliency once again. Let's also remind each other the importance of hope. Hope for ourselves, for our kids and our grandkids that tomorrow will be better.Thank you for participating in today's call. Please reach out if you have any questions.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Again I think if you dig into the cash cost fees, we are going to try to keep LOE flattish, productions coming down so that is going to hurt LOE a little bit, G&A is still going to stay best-in-class and the other pieces of cash cost some on the tax piece given percent of revenue, continues to go down, that should come down a little bit. But we are fighting for pennies and nickels here.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. Scott, we came out with a number. About a month ago, saying could to keep exit rate production flat year-over-year in 2021about 25% less capital than 2020. I think that number still stands. And that probably assumes, you are drawing down 40 or 50 ducts.I think our base case today, if you had to get access in somewhere in the range of three to five completion crews. And the rule of thumb that we have is, 10 working ducts for each completion crew, so we are going to have about 100 extra ducts at year-end 2021, to have options with.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Probably about 150, David. Plus or minus 10 or 15 wells on each side of that, just based on the wells we are drilling today and what just completed and the work we are going to be pretty heavy in Midland basin probably 70/30 Midland basin or 75/25 Midland basin in areas where we have high mineral interest and very little capital required on the infrastructure side.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes, just about 500 total, and I would say over two-thirds of those are in the Delaware. And so what we really focused on, and we really focused on the term curtail, because we are not shutting these wells in and having spend dollars to shut well in. We are trying to limit the cash outflow and really, just curtail producing wealth to a lower level than where they were in April and March.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. It is really about 70/30 Midland, Delaware and multiple rigs are moving towards Midland basin, where we have a high mineral interest and you know setting ourselves up for the most capital efficient return to work possible.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. I don't know all the details about the sea borne market, but as you know, it is more liquid than what we have seen especially in the last few weeks. So you are certainly starting to see spreads, widening barrels get on the water now, tanker rates certainly spiked a little bit, which would impact our realizations. But they have come back down a little bit here.But overall, the whole point of our marketing arrangement is to provide insurance in times of uncertainty, which we are in right now. And being able to call only four marketers and know that our barrels are going to move is something that allows us to stick a little better at night.On the take or pay fees, 125,000 barrels a day is take or pay from a sales perspective, as well as from a pipeline perspective. Should the sales piece declare force measure, which would be the only instance where those barrels don't move? Our total pipeline commitments right now and [indiscernible] is about, $20 million per pipe per year, if we didn't send one barrel down the pipe.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes, Charles you know a lot of those wells probably already in progress, heading into the quarter so you can’t have that discussion in a mid completion. We are working with our mineral owners and we happen pretty easy to work with through this given where we are flat price is.So if we can push out whatever we can, whenever we can. We are trying to do that, it is hard to 1,280 acre units, get in touch with 40 mineral owners in a month. But, we have been working diligently to extend leases and extend completion dates.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes, Richard, I think we try to be as open as possible and show what our gross from that inventory is on Slide 13 and Slide 14 in deck and we update that every year. And I think one of the benefits of slowing down is you are not burning through as much inventory that quickly.So I think without needing to complete 150, 160 wells keep our production flat 75% of in the Midland basin, you got a pretty long runway of high quality employee, to survive a lower for longer environment.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes, probably the way we are having discussions with the mineral owners right now on extending our delaying our next payer.
