Charles B. Stanley: Well, Brian, it's pretty early in the year to talk about capital for 2013. And of course, as we've said repeatedly, the capital allocation decisions we're making today certainly by the end of the second quarter have far more impact on production volumes and mix in the next year than they do in the current year. We said that we're focused on growing organically our mix of oil and NGL as a percentage of our total production. And this year, we think we'll be about 20% for the year. You can see we're making good progress there organically. We would expect that looking at our year-over-year trend from 2011 to 2012, we were 14% for last year, 20% this year. Absent a major acquisition that would change that mix, we would expect a similar trajectory with the mix continuing to change maybe 5%, 25% or so, 27% in 2013. That being said, if we decide to radically change our allocation to gas in response to a further decline or a more structural decline in gas long-term, we could see our gas production drop. And that would, obviously, change the relative ratio going forward.
Charles B. Stanley: Yes. When I made that statement, we're assuming that we likely will not recommence drilling activity in the Haynesville until we see an improvement in gas prices to a zip code somewhere between 4 and 450, probably toward the high end of that range before we would commit the resources to restart development activities in the Haynesville.
Charles B. Stanley: So low 60s working interest and we picked up interest from several of our working interest partners in some wells as they've elected to nonconsent because of the relative economics of our investment versus that of our working interest partners who don't benefit from the liquids volumes that we extract at Blacks Fork II. As we said before, it makes a substantial improvement in the relative economics. And of course, our working interest partners' gas is being processed by us, but is being processed on a keep-whole basis and we're enjoying the benefit of the liquids extracted there.
Charles B. Stanley: Well, certainly first of all, we're one of several operators that has decided, and we've convinced ourselves from the long-term well performance, that restricted flowback of these wells not only results in higher flowing pressures and higher cumulative production at any given point in the well history. It certainly appears that we're going to get higher recoveries overall from these wells. But it does, as you've observed, create a plateau period that lasts probably nominally 6 months or so from the time you first put a well on. That's observation #1. And sometimes it lasts even longer. We have some. I mean, it's a very subtle decline, but there is a plateau period that lasts close to a year before you really see the well starting to decline. And when the well does enter decline, it enters decline at a shallower rate than wells that have been flowed back hard and have not been -- we believe that have probably damaged the reservoirs. So as a result, we see initial declines, roughly half or in the 50%, 55% range as opposed to the 90 plus percent range for unconstrained wells. So our aggregate production portfolio will decline at a lower rate than most of the other operators in the Haynesville, and certainly a lot of the larger operators in the Haynesville who do not practice this constrained flowback. So we think we'll be roughly flat for the year on Haynesville production, and then we'll enter into decline next year absent additional capital investment. And the production will come off at some rate less than 50% because keep in mind, we've got a bunch of wells now that are 3 or 4 years old that are out of the steeper part of their decline. The industry in aggregate, I think, will still see a much higher decline than the 50% that I referenced. And so, there's a couple of other factors. One, is how many standing wells are left to be completed in aggregate in the Haynesville, the rig counts down to the high 60s this week, I think. So the number of wells that are being drilled encased is declining and the inventory is being worked off as completion activity has continued in the first quarter and into the second quarter of this year, pretty much at the same pace that it has in the past. So the inventory's down. I think Haynesville production has turned over, and I think that the decline will accelerate now that the rig count and the standing well inventory's coming off.
Charles B. Stanley: Brian, yes, we're adding a fourth rig. We hope it will -- we're going to sequence it in with the 3 existing rigs there. And of course, as you know we're drilling from pads there and are sort of constrained. And when we add that fourth rig by making sure we put 2 rigs on the pad more or less simultaneously there so they accomplished drilling the wells in parallel so that we don't experience an unnecessary amount of delay in getting those wells online by having a staggered rig activity. The optimum number is probably 5 rigs and we're striving to get there. And we're anticipating adding a fifth rig sometime later this year. Again, we're looking at the sequencing of the rigs on the pads keeping in mind that some pads we can physically only fit 1 rig, some we can fit 2 rigs on. And so 5 rigs feels like sort of the sweet spot.
Charles B. Stanley: Well, we certainly hope so, Brian. We haven't seen enough pad drilling activity to really get a good handle on what sort of economies of scale we should see. But our experience at Pinedale and other places where we pad drill would indicate that -- it's some obvious things. It's not personal. You don't have to move the rig. You don't take the rig down and move it and rig back up, which should save a few hundred thousand dollars minimum. And then once we drill, encase a number of wells and we move the rigs out of the way, our ability to work on multiple wells back to back with the frac crews is also a savings. And then obviously, having all the facilities on one pad will reduce individual well connection costs. So in aggregate intuitively, you would think that we should save somewhere around $0.5 million or so a well. Whether we can actually realize that is still -- the jury is still out on that.
Charles B. Stanley: Well, Brian, the answer is both. The historic drilling out there, so if we sort of talk about 2 different areas, in the Red Wash field, which overlies our active Mesaverde gas development program, all of those wells are vertical. And there's a series of stacked sands out there. Geologically, it's quite reminiscent of the geology at Pinedale where you have in the case of the Red Wash field, in some wells, 40 or 50 separate sands that are perforated and have been produced. The average is probably 15 or 20. And so really for the most part, the development in the Red Wash area, lends itself to vertical wells because you really need to contact all of those separate sands. And so the focus there is on increasing the well density because most of the field was developed -- the tightest density was 40 acres. There's a lot of the field that only has 80 acre or 160 acre, and significant part of the field that only has 4 wells or 320 acre -- or, I'm sorry, 80 acre -- I'm sorry, Brian, 160 acre -- I'll get it right in a minute -- 160 acre spacing, 4 wells per section. So the opportunity there is to basically increase the well density and capture a lot of the oil that hasn't been produced from the old vertical wells. We have had in the past, and what we will be doing is continuing to drill a number of horizontal wells in the -- focused in the Green River formation for oil. I think up until maybe a few months ago, when the aggregate industry activity sort of outpaced us, we had the most horizontal wells in -- well, I think, we still have the most horizontal wells in the basin. And we probably had up until a couple of months ago, the more horizontal wells than the rest of the industry combined in the Uinta Basin. Our horizontal development has focused on thin sands and limestones that are a few feet thick, less than 10 feet thick generally. And they were ignored and not perforated in the original development of portions of the field that were developed with vertical wells. So what we find is that we can drill a horizontal well in these thin sands, find virgin reservoir pressure and find a reservoir that has never been produced either in primary mode or has been swept by the poorly designed and executed waterflood in portions of the field. So it's been a really neat sort of redevelopment activity. A lot of the horizontal wells are being drilled, have been drilled by cutting windows in the casing of existing vertical wells and then going horizontally. And we've actually done a number of them with multiple laterals, with one lateral in each compass, in 2 compass directions, so 2 horizontal legs off of the existing vertical well. And those have been quite successful. So we'll be doing a combination of horizontal wells and then drilling some additional vertical wells to get additional vertical well data and production around some of the areas of the Red Wash field, where we don't have high-density drilling.
Charles B. Stanley: Well, it's interesting. Our well costs were below that or some of our offset and still are below that with some of the offset operators in the area that well costs are directly related to the depth, the amount of overpressure. We're in an area which has a significant amount of overpressure, so well -- drilling costs are a little higher and then treating costs are higher because we need more hydraulic horsepower. We've seen our well costs sort of inflate to be closer to that of our neighbors. And part of it's still inefficiency on our part, just in our inability to manage the completion activity to drive down costs and it's economies of scale that I think that we'll start to see when we add a fourth rig. Part of it is also we're giving you sort of a perspective view of what we think well costs will be for the remainder of the year, and we're hearing that some constituents of the completion fluid costs maybe going up in the future. And we're sort of trying to warn you that we anticipate some inflation on the completion fluid side. But obviously, we're focused on doing things -- everything we can to drive down costs. And I think pad drilling will help and then working on multiple wells will help as well. So we're hoping that that's transitory. And we hope that we can turn it the other way.
Charles B. Stanley: We've looked at the relative well performance of wells that have frac-ed and probably with ceramics versus sand. And we've seen -- we've participated in a lot of wells operated by others. And looking at that well performance versus ours, and looking at outside operators' well performance, ceramic profit versus non-ceramic profit, we have yet to be convinced that there's any material change in well performance related to the type of profit that's used. There's certainly a good argument for increased stages, and I think you've seen that as the understanding of the reservoir has improved over time. All the operators have gravitated to increased stage count and closer stage spacing, which is probably more to blame or is the reason why we're seeing better well performance overall out of the wells that are being drilled over the past 18 months versus the early wells that were drilled. And then the third point is long laterals. We're drilling all long laterals. So obviously, a long lateral exposes more of the wellbore to the reservoir and ultimately results in higher EURs per well.
Charles B. Stanley: I think it was probably there before maybe we made the map bigger, so you could see it, but the acreage count hasn't really changed materially.
Charles B. Stanley: Yes, we're -- the reason that we did that is the early -- I think we used to have a range of 4.5 Bs to 12 Bs. And that was our experience over the broader play. And now, we're focused in on drilling development wells in the sweet spot, in the core. And so we're taking into account A, the fact that we're drilling in the Cana where it's 275 to 350 feet thick. And 2, we're drilling on 80 acre density. So we're anticipating some interference between the wells on 80 acre density. But we're in an area now where there's just not as much variability in where we can predict pretty tightly what the results will be.
Charles B. Stanley: We think the core is very economic, especially in the -- as you move in our slide, Slide 8 there, in the light green to the dark green area, it's competitive with all the other liquids-rich shale plays around the country. We like that acreage and we don't have any plans to divest of it today.
Charles B. Stanley: Well, we don't have -- I don't have the granularity to do it. We'd have to, obviously, Blacks Fork benefits not only fuel services, but also QEP Energy. In my prepared remarks, I did point out that this is the first -- the first quarter of 2012 was the first quarter where we didn't have all the noise going on. For instance, in the fourth quarter, we had 240,000 barrels of NGLs that went into line pack. Or -- and so that those barrels ended up going in being entered around the balance sheet and as basically is the inventory. And so of course, it sort of perturbs the reported production volumes in QEP Energy. And so one of the things that we've heard a lot of questions and a lot of commentary after we issued the release yesterday about the drop in realized NGL prices. And one of the things that I want to make sure everybody understands is that as a result of the first clean quarter of operation, the Blacks Fork in the first quarter, we saw a substantial increase in ethane as a percentage of our total NGL barrel. And so just to remind everybody, Blacks Fork is generating 15,000, 16,000 barrels a day of NGLs, of which 60% roughly, 59.8% to be exact, but 60% roughly is ethane. So that has substantially lightened the barrel and, therefore, driven down the average realized price of that barrel. So we had that going on just at a physical level with the lightening of the barrel. And then two, we saw a dramatic decline from what were just outrageously high ethane prices in the fourth quarter into the first quarter, which had the impact of driving down the realizations on that part of the barrel. So to get at the absolute impact just from Blacks Fork, it's probably somewhere in the $25 million to $30 million range of EBITDA and that would be total, right? That would be for both Fuel Services and for Energy. And obviously, your view of ethane. I mean, we believe that ethane prices -- we can see some strengthening. There was a lot of turnaround-related demand taken out of the market that those crackers are coming back on. It's taken longer than it did last year for the turnarounds, for whatever reason we're not sure. But that we have seen strengthening in the ethane price here in the past month or 2. And we would think that, that would continue.
Charles B. Stanley: So I mean, obviously, if we're not generating positive cash margins, there are other questions that drive that. And part of it’s reservoir related. Some of our highest cash cost gas production is in areas that are very low rate wells that are on plunge or lift. And we tried to shut those in a number of years ago and the results were not pretty. We never got the wells back on their original decline curve. And we're loathe to lose reserves as a result of a temporary shut in. There are some areas that clearly are amenable to shut-ins that we've done in the Pinedale in the past. Although Pinedale, arguably, on an economic basis, is our lowest lifting cost area and the one that would be the least likely to get shut in, just on a pure economic basis. Haynesville wells, they seem to be okay. Although, we only have short duration data on shut-ins of Haynesville wells. And in effect, we are managing production volumes in the Haynesville with our deliberate curtailment through the constraint flowback. We really can't choke the wells back in the Haynesville anymore without them freezing off. They're still flowing at such hard pressures that they tend to freeze off if we try to close the chokes anymore, just because of the significant pressure drop that the well head.
Charles B. Stanley: Well, I know there's a group of folks that think that we could see forced withdrawals here as we're in a sort of the shoulder between withdrawal and injection to basically bring down inventories and storage -- forced inventory reduction that's driven by tariffs in some storage facilities. We haven't seen that effect yet. And I'm becoming more optimistic we won't see it in the spring. The real questions then become weather, right? How hot is it? How quickly does it get hot? And how fast does the cooling load pop up to help support gas burn in the power sector? Unfortunately, we do have a great pricing advantage over even Powder River basin coal at current gas prices. So I think we'll see continued high utilization of gas in the power sector, but it really becomes a weather issue. Just like gas demand in the winter. It's a weather issue ultimately. I'm more concerned about the end of the injection season and the risk that as a result of a cooler summer and less gas burned in the power sector and stickiness in the supply response that we end up north of 4.1 piece in storage. And I think that's still a risk. Although, the pundits that I read, and I'm as knowledgeable as the collective wisdom of everybody I read, is that we might squeak by. And then there's also this argument about maybe the real capacity is not 4.1 but 4.3. I kind of doubt that, but I do think that there's a chance that we squeak buy in the fall if we continue to see supply response head downward and we don't have a really cold summer.
Charles B. Stanley: Well, we have a group who's charged with looking at opportunities to do bolt-ons. And obviously, all things being equal, we'd like to add more oil to the mix. Although, if you look at the prices of oil assets, they've been -- we've not been successful. We've made a number of unsolicited offers and we participated in some auctions, and we've not been the high bidder or the -- or unsolicited offers have not been accepted -- acceptable to sellers or owners of assets. We're continuing to buy leases in some of the oily plays and I think, honestly, from a value creation perspective, that's probably the -- well, certainly the lowest risk and probably the way you ultimately long-term create value is by looking for a new plays and then just bolting on through leasing, and we're still seeing forced pooling opportunities in places like western Oklahoma, where we're picking up incremental interest in wells that we're operating and drilling through farm outs or sales in the forced pooling process. But we continue to look. As Richard mentioned in his remarks, we've got a lot of dry power on our -- with our bank facility and revolving credit facility. And we'd like to be opportunistic. And we're agnostic, by the way. While we talk about oil, we certainly also understand that the best time to buy natural gas assets is probably when they're out of favor. And certainly, there's no one on the call that would argue that they're in favor right now. So we would also look for opportunities to buy at the right price natural gas assets to add to our portfolio.
Charles B. Stanley: Okay. So the Powder River basin's an easy one. We haven't drilled any wells. We have been stymied as most of the industry has -- by our inability to get permits out of the BLM office in Wyoming. As you'll recall, we stated that's a goodly amount. Basically, all of our acreage in the Powder River basin has at least some federal acreage in each section which, with a 640 acre spacing unit, requires us to get a federal APD. We've got a handful of APDs, but we don't have enough APDs to date to support picking up a rig and moving it into the basin to drill wells. The good news is there's enough other operators in the area that are experiencing a similar problem that we may be able to win there out a rig and drill a handful of wells with the premise that we have, and then let the rig go back to the operator who currently has it under contract, and we're in discussions to do just that. But we've been very frustrated with the inability to get APDs out of the BLM office. Moving down to the Mesaverde, we have 2 rigs running in the Mesaverde play. The -- and by the way, before I leave Powder River basin, the wells that have been drilled up there by other operators, we participated in some of them with working interest around the periphery of our acreage have been quite encouraging. And we're seeing well results which would not change our view of the tight curve and potential EURs that we talked to you about. And as you know, the Powder River is a pretty oily basin, so it's Donnelly [ph] oil with some associated gas. And that play really does have an oil-type characteristic to it as opposed to some other liquids-rich gas place. Moving down to the Mesaverde, we have 2 rigs running in the play. And what we've seen there is basically the same results that we described to you from the handful of wells, the 20-plus wells that we drilled in the play earlier. It's a statistical play. There's a range of well results. And our average well, maybe a little higher than what we showed earlier driven by a couple of really strong wells that we've completed late last year, early this year. But it again -- there's no surprises there. In the Marmaton and Tonkawa, we see a range of outcomes as well, both not only from the wells that we're drilling, our QEP-operated wells, but from wells in which we have a working interest that are operated by other. But the well performance there has been within -- in line with our average sort of EURs that we're expecting. Mesaverde, by the way, it's a wet gas play. Although over 50% of the revenues at the well head come from condensate and from NGLs. The Marmaton, Tonkawa plays are really oil plays as well, and it's very similar to the Sussex and Shannon and other plays in the Powder River basin. And then one play that we did not talk about in the discussion at the Analyst Day was the shallowest of the Granite Wash reservoirs, Missourian Hogshooter, whatever name it goes by and whatever pass-through you happen to be in. But we posted in our slide deck some recent well results. We have 3 wells in which we are -- we have a working interest that are operated by others that are in the process of flowing back now. Those are oil wells. I mean, if you look at the ones that we drilled, that we reported last quarter that are also in that slide deck, a couple of very strong high-rate wells that came on at very high oil rates, the one over 5,000 barrels a day, one almost 3,000 barrels a day immediately offsetting our acreage. And we have plans to follow-up on that and drill wells on our operated acreage later this year.
Charles B. Stanley: Our first priority is to increase ownership in areas that we have an operating presence and we have a local knowledge and arguably, expertise. And so our focus has been on trying to add to acreage positions in areas where we're currently active. We have a new ventures group by the way as well that's charged with coming up with new ideas and new geologic concepts. And those guys aren't -- and ladies are not constrained to just looking in the areas where we're currently active. But the bids have been in areas where -- and offers have been in areas where we're currently active.
Charles B. Stanley: Hsulin, the potential is there. What we need to do first, there's been quite a bit of industry activity in both of those plays, and we are, of course, participating in a number of wells drilled by others in sections where we have a lower working interest. For the most part, these had been sort of first well per section. And the results are variable. It's not a blanket reservoir, neither the Tonkawa nor the Marmaton. So the first thing we need to do is seek control over the area that sort of -- be able to more fully map and understand the potential. And where I think we add additional rigs is once we're confident that our acreage is within the range of economic well results, we'll come back in and infill those sections. And that's where we can add the additional well count or rig count, rather.
Charles B. Stanley: Craig, just to add to one of Richard's thoughts. The other underlying comment is the relative economic viability, if you will, of the producing assets that are connected to our systems. First of all, our gathering systems outside of the Haynesville were all in the Rockies. And a lot of the fields that we gather are low-decline fields, so they're older properties or they're fields like Pinedale, which I would submit to you that Pinedale's economics and given the well cost and low lifting costs, are competitive with any gas field in North America. So if I'm going to gather gas and have a big component of throughput coming from any field in the U.S., I like Pinedale as a field from it to -- from which that gathering volume to evolve.
Charles B. Stanley: Boy, that requires me to have an even clearer crystal ball to look inside the heads of our partners. I think that if we -- what I can do is just look at the current rig count and look at how people are pulling rigs out of the play and presume that at current gas prices and looking at the forward curve that we shouldn't see a substantial change in activity. And I would argue that we still have a ways to go in laying down rigs as an industry in the Haynesville, and it wouldn't surprise me by the sort of end of the summer to see rig count at half where it is today. I think some people are running rigs because they have a contract that's going to expire in the next few months and think they're going to lay them down. But we've just seen our outside operated activity as far as AFE is coming in, well proposals, it's just dried up. And that is what I would presume would continue to be the case into '13.
Charles B. Stanley: Well, the Bakken still makes sense. Obviously, we'd like to put capital into the Sussex and the other plays in the Powder River basin to the extent that we can gain some traction on permits. We're seeing some structural changes by the way in the processing capability of the BLM, which we hope will help turn that around. We're adding a rig. And so we're adding a rig in the Bakken as we speak. It will be there sometime before the end of next month. We're contemplating adding another rig in the Bakken later on. So that that's in response to that pricing. We hope we can get some permits and increase activity in the Sussex. And I'm kind of going geographically, which also happens to be sort of return as well. And then we're picking up a third rig in the Uinta Basin to develop Green River oil, and we'll keep that rig busy for the remainder of the year. And then we're down into the Midcontinent region. And the first and highest returns in that area would be these very shallow -- shallowest of the Missourian washes over in the Texas Panhandle with these very high rate 2,000, 3,000, 5,000 barrel a day oil wells, which pay out quite quickly. And so you could anticipate we'll put more capital there as we get permits. And as we watch these wells that are coming online that are currently flowing back.
Charles B. Stanley: Thank you, Regina, and thanks, everyone, for dialing in today. Thank you for your interest in QEP. And we look forward to seeing you over the next month or so as we're on the road at a variety of different conferences. So have a good day.
Richard J. Doleshek: And David, this is a little bit of color, if you look at just the cash component lifting cost, whether it's production taxes, transportation and LOE. I mean, we -- they're -- none of our gassy regions that have cost in excess of $1 in the quarter. So if you just look at making money on a daily flowing Mcf, we can make money all the way down to $1 plus or minus.
Richard J. Doleshek: I think, Hsulin, the first quarter we had a couple of unusual things happen. The first being, as you know, we consulted our Oklahoma offices into Tulsa, and we took a $2.7 million charge to the G&A. Then we've got another couple of million dollars that were recognized over the next 2 quarters. And the other piece of that is just sort of the trajectory of employees. And if you look at the first quarter of '11's employee count to the first quarter of '12 and think about, let's just pick a number, 50 open positions, we'll see an increase in G&A on an absolute dollar basis. On a per Mcf basis I think it stays pretty consistent with where it's been in sort of the mid-$0.30 per Mcfe range. So I don't know if that helps or not. But, and then there are other things that come whether that's litigation expense, or that's lumpy and hard to predict. And the other pieces, anything that's sort of share-based is going to move with where the stock price is. And so deferred comp piece moves around as well. So it -- I'll say, I think the trend ought to be consistent with where it has been with those comments in mind.
Richard J. Doleshek: Let me try to answer, but I think I followed the question. Look, we don't have any plans to sell any assets and certainly selling gas and assets into the current market is sort of counterintuitive to the buy high or buy low, sell high sort of mantra. The shift in liquids as a percentage of total production that I mentioned, 14% last year, roughly 20% this year and probably about 25% next year, is based on our current run rate and doesn't assume any fundamental change in our property mix as a result of either an acquisition or a divestiture. We don't build into our forecast either when we give guidance or when we think about our plan. We'd like to be opportunistic. And if we see compelling valuations on either side, on either the buy or sell side, of course, we'd consider them. And we have always been pruners of our assets when we view the value of holding them to be less than the value that others are willing to pay for. There's no programmatic or built-in assumptions in our current thinking when we talk about our production mix and future forecast.
Richard J. Doleshek: Well, Craig, it's Richard. And again, that there's the contract structure for the processing business in the gathering business in the Rockies is a little bit more different from the Midcontinent. And a lot of the contracts are structured as reservation charges versus throughput charges. And so when you look at declining volumes, that may not manifest itself at all in declining revenues or EBITDA just because of the -- it's a demand charge versus well, we'll just charge you for very molecule you put through the system. So I think your comment, on a macro basis, is right. If you look at what some of the operators are doing in the Rockies, they're reducing their gastric activities, which should have potentially an impact on gas flow through the system. It doesn't necessarily translate itself to reduced revenues in the systems.
Richard J. Doleshek: They're either life of lease or 10 years. So we've got a pretty good portfolio in terms of the tenure of that portfolio.
Richard J. Doleshek: Yes. James, the term loan was our attempt to increase the size of the availability from banks without asking each one of the 19 banks to take a pro rata share increase and an accordion that we can exercise in the revolver. So the revolver's $1.5 billion. We can take it to $2 billion, but we didn't want to put a gun at the banks' heads and say, okay, each of you guys will take a pro rata share of the increase. So we said, we'll do a funded facility that will sit right next to the revolver, look just like the revolver in terms of covenants and pricing and the financial institutions that have an appetite for that kind of asset can play and the ones that don't, don't have to play. And so that was the rationale was trying to offer a piece of paper that gave us more availability through the bank market, but only required the banks that wanted to have a funded asset on their balance sheet to participate. So it was sort of a hybrid in terms of exercising the accordion versus doing another capital markets issue.
Richard J. Doleshek: Correct. And it still has the ability of $2 billion if we want to exercise the accordion down the road.
