Travis D. Stice: Thank you, Tracy. To summarize, our prior decisions have positioned Diamondback to succeed in these market conditions. We've preserved optionality either to increase activity levels or to spend within cash flow. Our wells are still highly economic, even at current oil prices. We have minimal drilling obligations, with most of our acreage held by production. And we continue to execute on the things we can control. We are excited to get to work in Glasscock and Howard Counties and we look forward to updating you on our progress. Before we turn the call over to Q&A, I would like to welcome our new employees to Diamondback and to thank everyone for what they have accomplished during the first half of this year. On behalf of the board and employees of Diamondback and Viper, I would like to thank you for your participation today. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Travis D. Stice: Dave, that's a good question. My track record has always been not to talk about any specific deals we have going on, but it's also reasonable that every trade that occurs in the Permian Basin, Diamondback shareholders should expect that our fingerprints are all over them. With that being said, though, I think with the macro conditions that are going on globally right now and obviously the commodity price continuing to fall, I would think that would put somewhat of a dampening effect on the expectations of sellers. However, that didn't necessarily happen as much in the first quarter of this year but I would expect somewhat of a softening of the expectations from sellers as they go forward. Additionally, I think there's potentially going to be some more distressed assets that may be coming on the market late this year or early next year if we stay in a period of prolonged commodity prices. So I think there's going to be some opportunities for Diamondback shareholders. We're just going to have to wait and see how it all plays out and we get some solutions around some of the macro issues that I referenced.
Travis D. Stice: Well, if you go back to just the timeframe right after IPO, crude was in a pretty good decline right after Viper IPO-ed. And I think our experience shows that it's difficult to convince sellers to convert their ownership into Viper units when commodity price is still going down. I think you need a little bit of stability in the commodity price before you get increased interest from sellers or from guys that want to trade their interests for Viper units. But that being said though, our pipeline's still pretty full right now and we're pleased at the progress we've made in terms of furthering these deals along. We've not closed any and none have traded away from us either. So I think the market is a little bit in flux right now and so we're just going to kind of have to see, say, over the next several months whether or not we can be do an accretive deal for our Viper shareholders.
Travis D. Stice: Certainly, Dave. I'll answer those in reverse there. Our current well costs are below $6 million for a 7,500-foot well, and we kind of felt like that was going to be the bottom of well cost, but now oil has taken another leg down and I think it's reasonable to expect the service sector will respond with another stepdown in cost as well, too. What that'll be and when that will occur I'm not exactly sure. But I know if activity's going to continue, there's got to be another recalibration that falls in that $40 to $45 range. Again, you asked some specific questions on 2016. David, there's so much flux in the market right now, not only with the macro issues that we talked about with the previous question that I'm just not ready to talk specifically about 2016 looks like. What I've tried to communicate is that we focused on returns to our shareholders and to the extent we can still generate returns to our shareholders, we'll keep some level of activity in 2016. To the extent things haven't recalibrated, we'll show that same behavior we did earlier this year and we'll slow down our capital spending and we'll return to somewhere within cash flow or close to cash flow. So, I know that all of the questions on the call and you're curious about how to model 2016. The reality is we've got to get some stability in the marketplace before Diamondback's going to come out with a very prescriptive view of 2016.
Travis D. Stice: Well, I already mentioned that if commodity price stays low, we think there'll be another 5% to 10% of cost concessions that will be offered up by the service sector. In terms of efficiency gains, we're probably somewhere around 30% or so right now of total cost concessions. And of that 30%, probably 10% or so is what we're going to call permanent savings. And we're looking to increase that number even further. That's not a new thing for us. We've been doing that all along, which is one of the reasons our execution performance is what it is. But we think there's still some more pennies to pick up and we intend to pick them up and pass them back on to our shareholders.
Travis D. Stice: Well certainly, Neal, where Diamondback's almost 85,000 acres sit, most of that is in what the industry is defining as perhaps the most lucrative investment shale horizon in the U.S. And that viewpoint hasn't done anything but got stronger over the last 12 months, as Diamondback and other operators continue to post really impressive well results and cost performance on these wells. So I would say even in a backdrop of declining commodity prices, this rock continues to impress to the positive, and that just means that that makes the demand for that rock that's pretty tightly held even higher. And when demand is high for this kind of rock, it usually means prices stay high as well.
Travis D. Stice: Yeah, again, specifically we don't talk about acquisitions. But in a general sense, drill-to-earn where we can provide another operator our execution excellence, I think that's a meaningful way to move into acreage. So, yes, we've considered and offered numerous drill-to-earn type of opportunities.
Travis D. Stice: Yeah, Mike, I did mention that the remaining wells we have to drill this year are all somewhere between 40% and 50% rate of return and it's hard to argue with that kind of returns to not continue to deliver that to my shareholders. So if we stayed at being able to generate rates of returns that robust, I think you'd look for us to continue to stay at either the level we're at right now and maybe even a slight increase. To get to the seven rigs, eight rigs, nine rigs, we've got to have another recalibration of service cost and commodity price. And I'm not sure exactly what oil price that translates to, but that's how we're looking at the world right now, Mike.
Travis D. Stice: Yeah, we're currently using for our planning purposes about 18 wells per year per rig. We were using about 12 wells per rig last year and we're now about 18 wells per rig. And we've got actually designs on as many as two wells a month per horizontal rig for a 7,500-foot lateral. So we're continuing to push the envelope and that's where we're at right now, Mike.
Travis D. Stice: Yeah, Jason, I think that's a reasonable expectation. Certainly as we move into Glasscock and Howard County, triple and quadruple-stacked laterals appear to be the best way to go. One of the reasons is that each of the zones there are so close in their economic performance that the returns you get from each zones are very similar, so it makes more sense to try to get as many of those up and down as you can while you got the rig parked at the surface.
Travis D. Stice: I think we've got a really good completion organization that's never satisfied with what the current thinking is. They're always trying to tweak. And there's things with fluids, there's things with sand concentration, there's things with cluster spacings, all of which they continue to try to figure out ways to get more oil out of the ground cheaper. And they've done a good job so far and I look for them to continue to push the envelope on the completions side. But there's not one particular technology that I'd point to that we'd want to highlight right now.
Travis D. Stice: I think if you just look at what we did in the second quarter, where Tracy highlighted that we were cash flow positive in the second quarter, somewhere between two horizontal rigs and three horizontal rigs, depending on how fast we continue to drill these wells, but somewhere between two horizontal rigs and three horizontal rigs would keep our production flat.
Travis D. Stice: Yeah, just in reverse order there, Gail, Yeah, I think there could be a lack of equipment, particularly on the pressure pumping side, because that equipment is – the stuff that's working right now, that's pretty extreme environments that they have to work in. And there's not a lot of capital investment right now to replace pressure pumping equipment. So when oil responds, and it will, and activity picks up, we as an industry are going to have to figure out how to meet that increased activity on the pressure pumping side. I believe rigs are probably right behind that, but there's still a lot of rigs out there right now that aren't working. And then how much the service sector can continue to go down? I don't know, Gail. You're going to have to ask those guys how much more concessions they can give to allow it to go to work because that's essentially what the industry is saying is that if you want steady work probably at these oil prices, there's probably another leg down in costs that are going to be expected.
Travis D. Stice: Sure. Yeah, we went back and looked at all of 2014, each quarter. Besides the first quarter of 2014, we averaged right at that 75% oil. As you recall, we had a nice volume beat in the first quarter, and one of the reasons that we did have such a good volume story was we brought on several multi-well pads early on in the quarter that came on at extremely high oil cuts. We've looked at July, we were running right around 74.5%, 75% and so far in August, we're running at about 75%. So consistent with our guidance, I think, we ought to be using around 75% oil.
Travis D. Stice: Yeah. We plan to have a rig there really late, late fourth quarter or certainly early first quarter. And depending on what our rig cadence looks like in 2016, we'll either have one rig or two rigs working in Howard County.
Travis D. Stice: Yeah. We'll go over there and do triple – probably triple-stacked laterals in the Lower Spraberry, Wolfcamp A and Wolfcamp B.
Travis D. Stice: Yeah, Jeff, it looks like our most frequent pad size will be either three wells or two wells going forward. And that does have an impact on cycle time. But again, as we've demonstrated, we continue to drill these wells faster and faster. And so we're trying to offset some of the inherent delays with pad drilling by shorter cycle times associated with the drilling and completion operations.
Travis D. Stice: Right. Yeah, your first comment was still good, layering hedges on today, I think the quote I saw morning was $50 a barrel of whatever. So we're a lot more constructive long term on oil prices than $50 a barrel. So, Jeff, as I communicated in my prepared remarks, we've got a balance sheet that allows us the opportunity to go either direction. We don't necessarily have to layer on a lot of hedges. We have another form of liquidity that's non-debt and non-dilutive in our Viper ownership as well, too. So we have levers to crank on that perhaps some others don't. But if oil is suddenly at $65 a barrel, I think I'd get pretty interested in putting some hedges on for next year.
Travis D. Stice: Well, we've continued to look at the value proposition in doing joint bids with Diamondback and Viper. And we think that that's a real meaningful way to continue to acquire, where Viper can bid on overrides of a property and Diamondback buys on the standard leasehold, typically burdened at 25%. And a good example of that is what we did in that recent acquisition in northwest Howard County. We think that's the business model going forward, and we're pushing on that lever pretty hard.
Travis D. Stice: Yeah. Michael, Diamondback, we've got almost 175 horizontal wells drilled on our acreage right now. So the effect of watering out these offset horizontal wells, it's material, but we're also experienced enough in it now that we provide coverage for that in our guidance. We take that into account. So I wouldn't expect any more or less going forward than what we've experienced in the past.
Travis D. Stice: Michael, what we always try to do on our existing production is what we just – the PDP production line, we always haircut that a little bit to account for weather interruptions and standard oil field occurrences. And then when we look at the new wells, we typically risk those even a little bit heavier to account for that water-out effect that you asked about earlier. It varies a little bit and we go back every year and look at what the effect is, and we adjust it going forward. But it's something that we do here internally.
Travis D. Stice: Yeah. Sure, Michael. It's just a tool we have in our tool kit that we don't think anybody else has that as I focused on, it's non-dilutive and it's non-debt. We recognize that. We own something – we own 88% of something that's worth over $1 billion. And that just provides us a lot of optionality going ahead. So I can't provide exact color on how we might ultimately use that, but it's certainly a tool that we have.
Travis D. Stice: Thank you, Crystal. Thanks again, everyone, for participating in today's call. If you have any questions, please reach out to us using the contact information provided.
Russell Pantermuehl: Hi, yeah. This is Russell. If you go to our slides deck, on slide eight we've changed it up a little bit on how we show that result. So we show, on average, for our 500 foot spaced wells versus our 660 foot spaced wells and our other singular wells that don't have any offsets, and to date, you really don't see any material difference. So the early results are encouraging but we really need more time and more data. The 500 foot spaced wells that we have right now are essentially two-well pads, so you don't have the full offsetting wells. We are continuing to drill 500 foot spaced wells in Spanish Trail and by the end of the year, we'll have a full half-section developed with five wells. So once we get those results, I think we'll have a more definitive answer, but we're certainly encouraged by the results so far, where we've got almost six months of data on the first 500 foot spaced wells that still look very good.
Russell Pantermuehl: As we've said, we've done it on three wells in our Spanish Trail area, all of the Wolfcamp B, the early results went good. We just need a little more time to make sure it truly is incremental reserves as opposed to just acceleration. But as we mentioned, we've got additional tests planned for the remainder of this year, not just in the Wolfcamp B but also in the Spraberry. So in this low commodity price environment we just want to make sure that for incremental dollars that we are achieving incremental returns, so we'll continue to monitor.
Russell Pantermuehl: Yeah, the 260 locations, those we feel really good about because we've got tests in each of those areas, those are the kind of the western side of the basin, Midland, Martin, Northeast Andrews County. So as you know, we've got quite a few Lower Spraberry wells in Spanish Trail, we've got our tests in Southwest Martin as well as offset operators. We've drilled some more wells up in Northwest Martin that just have been on now for about three weeks that look real good. So, yeah, we feel really good about the western side of the basin. We've also got offset operator results on the eastern side of the basin, particularly in Howard County. There's not as many wells in Lower Spraberry and Glasscock, but you've got the Pioneer Lower Spraberry wells, that's up a little bit northwest of our acreage, that looked really good. And based on all our petrophysical work, we feel good about Glasscock as well. I think the questions there in Glasscock are more about what the ultimate recoveries will be. We certainly feel like the productivity is going to be pretty good there.
Russell Pantermuehl: At this point, we're pretty happy with our 660-foot spacing based on the data that we have and data that other operators have as well. So at this point, we don't have any plans to try to tighten up the spacing in the Wolfcamp. Generally in the Wolfcamp, there's more barriers to frac height growth, so we think we're generating effective longer lengths. So that's the reason we think the 660-foot spacing is good in the Wolfcamp, at least in the areas that we have developed so far. As we get into Howard and Glasscock County, we'll just have to gather data there to give us a direction to go.
Russell Pantermuehl: As you know, as we've indicated before, the Wolfcamp, particularly in the Glasscock County, stuff is quite a bit thicker. So the plan there would be to do a staggered pattern within the A and B in those areas.
Russell Pantermuehl: I would say that's too early to tell. It could be just normal variation in reservoir quality. It could also be, too, that we're getting some enhanced fracturing at the tighter spacing as well. But, again, just need more well data to figure that out.
Russell Pantermuehl: Generally they do not. But as we've looked at the performance, those are generally three-well pads. And so, in general, the middle well of the three-well pads is performing similarly to the outer wells up to this point.
Michael Kelly: Thanks. Travis, you mentioned that Diamondback will continue to grow as long as you're seeing strong returns. And I'd just like to get your thoughts around that and how you think about what qualifies as a strong return. I think you mentioned 40% project IRRs for the rest of this year. What's your limit on that where you want to back off? And then on the other side of that, talking about potentially going up to eight rigs next year, what you need to see to step on the gas and maybe accelerate the rig count, just from that returns perspective? Thanks.
Michael Kelly: Okay. Appreciate that. And let me just ask you on the efficiency front, if you could talk about cycle times now just spud to TD where they are now or where do you expect to be going into 2016 versus maybe where it was as you entered 2015? Just talk about the overall improvements you've seen there.
Michael Kelly: Okay. Appreciate that. And congrats to Hollis University (26:30) on the promotion there. Well deserved. Thanks.
