Travis Stice: Sure. Arun, it’s good visiting with you again. Listen, I’ll tell you to the penny how much on share repurchases we bought in May, if any. But what hasn’t changed, Arun, is our commitment. Whatever portion of our free cash flow that we don’t spend on repurchases, we’re going to return that free cash flow to our shareholders. Look, when it comes to share repurchasing, we view that as just like any other investment decision, drill a well, M&A activity. We do so, like you mentioned, at a mid-cycle oil price, which for us is around $60 a barrel. And it has to generate a positive return. And when you go back and look at what oil price has averaged since the fall of 2014 has averaged $53 a barrel. And if you can guarantee me that the price of oil is going to be $90 or above, then I’ll tell you that our shares are undervalued. But we’re going to be disciplined. We’re going to be opportunistic when it comes to our share repurchase programs just like any other form of capital allocation and what we don’t repurchase in shares we’re going to return back to our shareholders in the variable dividend every quarter.
Travis Stice: Yes. I mean I think, Arun, unlike the past, I think we have the size and scale now to contribute to pipelines and make sure it happens. We’re certainly doing our part, not growing. I wish other people would grow less in the Permian too but that’s a different topic. But generally, we committed to the Whistler pipeline, just announced that this -- with this earnings. And that was with our WTG commitment on gas gathering and processing, committed to the BANGL pipeline, which is NGL takeaway. And really just trying to put our balance sheet to work to make sure pipeline capacity is strong coming out of the basin. I think we’ll see some announcements here pretty soon. Saw a couple of things last week on new pipes, but I think generally the industry is aligned that we can’t go back to the way we were when it comes to flaring. And particularly with gas prices up, we should all be incentivized to make sure gas flows out of the Permian. So it’s going to be tight if growth continues through 2023, but I’m pretty optimistic on 2024.
Travis Stice: As our balance sheet strengthens, I think your comment about running the business a little bit more open makes sense. But having said that, though, we have to make sure that we protect the extreme downside. Look, the impossible happened in 2020. While we don’t ever think that’s going to happen again, we want to make sure that we’ve got insurance to provide accordingly. I think we try to do deferred premium puts as our preferred hedging strategy, which kind of sets that protection in place for us while accomplishing, giving our shareholders all the upside on price as well.
Travis Stice: Yes, Neil, that’s a good question. And it’s really hard for me to see how kind of the excess of G&A that still exists in the Permian, how all of that gets consolidated. I wish I could articulate clearly what the catalyst is going to be that allows consolidation to occur, because it’s needed in our industry. That being said, there’s a lot of companies that had one foot in the -- whistling through the graveyard with one foot in the grave. And now a couple of years later, oil is at $90 a barrel and they’re expecting to sell out and get value on future cash flows at $90 a barrel. And as I mentioned, it’s the same strategy on our share buybacks, right? If the mid-cycle oil price is $60 a barrel, then it’s going to be hard to close the spread between bid and ask on the much-needed M&A activity that has to occur here in the Permian. So, while I’d like to think Diamondback could create unreasonable value for our shareholders, like we did with the QEP and Guidon acquisition. It’s hard with these frothy expectations on the oil price that we’re seeing today.
Travis Stice: Yes, certainly, we’ve got the benefit of the improvements that we made in 2021, as I mentioned, 35% improvement in drill times, and we’re going to get a full year impact of that this year, which is helping us offset the inflationary effects. A couple of data points, Neal, that -- we just -- I just find out about yesterday as we’re getting updated in our weekly meeting, we drilled a well in the Delaware Basin. It’s a 15,000-foot lateral. We drilled it to TD in nine days, which was a record for us and for that area, just an outstanding occurrence. And even on the Midland Basin side, we’ve been drilling the most. We drilled another three-mile lateral, a 15,000-foot lateral in seven and a half days. But what’s amazing about that, and that’s to TD. What’s amazing about that is we don’t spend three and a half days in the lateral. Now we used a rotary steerable and sometimes rotary steerable technology is a little harder to replicate. But that’s what’s possible. So, we’ve got an organization Neal that continues to lean into this variable expense side. And what I can emphasize enough is that that’s ground that’s taken and never given back. When you become more efficient at something that’s always on your side of the table, and it’s for the good guys. So, I know kind of -- that’s a little bit off topic there, but it’s really important to hear that our organization is locked and loaded, and this machine is humming very, very efficiently. And you couldn’t want more -- you couldn’t want a machine humming more efficiently than we are right now in an inflationary environment.
Travis Stice: Yes. If you look on Slide 18, Derrick, we laid it out with quite a bit of detail. And just as an aside, you’ve heard me say this before, our Board expects management to not only lead the industry in environmental measures, but also lead the industry in disclosure. And I think 18 is a pretty good slide. But let me just point to something specifically. If you look in the top right of that slide, it talks about flaring by source. And if you take third-party planned maintenance and third-party unplanned maintenance, that’s 80% of our flaring volumes in 2021. And particularly on the unplanned side, which is something that we’ve just got to do a better job with our business partners on. Now, I said in my prepared remarks, we’ve actually changed contracts where we can that both incentivizes and penalizes flaring performance. So, we’re looking to expand that concept across all of our gatherers, but we’re also intentionally asking our midstream gatherers to help us as an industry on this effort. And that’s part of the reason that we’re calling attention to this to their performance on Slide 18. Now, particular to the miss, I tried to lay that out, we set the goal for our flaring before we bought QEP and Guidon. And we didn’t adjust our goal just because we acquired assets that had much worse flaring statistics than we did. We tried to absorb it. We did absorb it, but it cost us on our annual performance. But that’s -- we felt like that was the right way to treat it. Once the goal is set, we honor it.
Travis Stice: And that shouldn’t be lost, Derrick. That’s a very key point. Think about that. We deferred over a half a million barrels last year just to avoid flaring. And that’s a behavior that represents a substantial pivot for Diamondback and a substantial pivot if our peers follow suit for our industry. And what I believe you’re seeing, Derrick, is you’re seeing environmental stewardship more of -- more companies are viewing it as an operating philosophy as opposed to an expense, which it was historically or hit the volumes. And I think that’s an important narrative for our industry to get out there and push as an operating philosophy, environmental stewardship, particularly around eliminating flaring and eliminating methane emissions is simply the way to operate a business on a full cycle basis. And I hope that makes sense.
Travis Stice: Well, look, I pointed out that on a global sense, the supply-demand is pretty tenuous. And even with the announced growth from the majors, I’m not sure that the total barrels that they’re producing are growing into the global equation. So that’s kind of a plus. Now, right here to look out my window, I know that the Permian is running about 300 rigs right now. We’re probably on the way to 350 rigs or 400 rigs by the end of this year. And a large portion of that -- of those rigs have been operated by Permian. But I think some of the growth you’re seeing on a go-forward basis will be from the majors. We’ve already talked about gas pipeline takeaway issues and a little bit on the NGLs, which I think Diamondback has been on our front foot, getting some strategic alliances there, and oil take away is in great shape, but it is going to create inflationary pressures. But that’s what you’re charged to us and all of our industry’s charge is how to manage CapEx in an inflationary environment and not put your shareholder return program at risk. That’s kind of how I think about the total Permian playbook.
Travis Stice: Yes. So it’s really pretty straightforward, Doug. It’s lean into the base dividend, which we’ve shown every quarter since we initiated the dividend back in 2018. And we’re going to get that up to $3 a share if the market conditions don’t change. The second is share repurchases. But again, there’s a calculus that’s involved in an investment decision for share repurchases. So to the extent we can consume 50% of our free cash flow at a good return on share repurchases then that’s what we’ll do. But if we see a dislocation between commodity price, share repurchases, we’ll pivot quickly within the quarter to pay out the remaining, up to 50% -- or at least 50% of the free cash flow in the form of a variable dividend. So in some quarters, it’s at least going to be 50%. And in some quarters, it could be as much as like we did this last quarter, 67% or more. But we’re just trying to maintain at the end of the day, Doug, we’re trying to maintain the greatest flexibility to generate the best shareholder return.
Travis Stice: Well, right now, we’d like to continue to work on having a fortress balance sheet and having cash on that fortress balance sheet for an inevitable down cycle. So, I think we’re focused on kind of our mid-decade maturities if we can extend some of them, but also pay down most of them. That clears the way for a lot more cash to be put on the balance sheet and then step up the overall shareholder return from there. But I don’t think it’s something we’re there yet, Doug.
Travis Stice: Well, you always want your organization to continue to look for the efficiencies on the variable side. And it’s hard to forecast what those are. But it’s not hard to try to incentivize the culture that looks for those efficiency gains. And what they’re going to look like in 2023 and 2024, I can’t tell you, but I know we’re going to continue to look for it. And I know if past performance is a good indication, we’ll continue to lead the back on these type of efficiencies. Contracting long term for more of the consumables on the fixed side of the equation, those have typically been very difficult for our industry because the time that the operator wants to lock in is the time that the service provider doesn’t. We’re always at odds and ends of the spectrum. So like right now, the consumable guys on the service side would love to lock in these all-time high prices. Operators are reluctant to do so. So Diamondback has the size and the scale to have very meaningful conversation with our business partners on the service side. And we have those quarterly or every six months. And that’s the way that we’ve chosen to manage that relationship. And most of our service providers we’ve had now for over five years, and we’ve got a really good business relationship with them. Look, their margins have to expand. We understand that. But our commitment to be best-in-class and the highest margin remains unchanged as well, too. So it’s not a straightforward calculus, David, that I can lay out for you. But I can tell you that the organization will we continue to lean into it. And I’m very confident certainly for 2022 that we’ll be able to do so.
Travis Stice: And then Jeff, on methane emissions, there’s just an amazing amount of innovative technology that’s coming out from the service side. And we’re not – we haven’t picked a winner yet. I don’t know that there’s been a clear winner, but our approach has been to field test all of them. We’ve probably got five or six leading edge technology methane sensors in the field in order to monitor these things, monitor methane emissions in real time. So we’re investing alongside these technology companies on methane emissions. And then as Danny mentioned, flaring is something we’re really leaning hard into and I can’t emphasize enough that we can do everything we can on our side, but if we don’t get our midstream partners on the G&P side to participate it’s going to be very difficult for our industry to meet our goal of reducing or eliminating routine flaring as defined by the World Bank. So there is a reason we’re being pointed in our presentation today about asking to work collaboratively with our G&P partners on the flaring side.
Travis Stice: Well, it really depends on what the market conditions look like at that point. I mean we can’t continue to grow at 10% per quarter forever, right? At $3 a share, that’s over $500 million a year of financial debt is how I look at it. So I’m not saying that’s a limit, but I’m saying that, that’s certainly what our near-term focus is to get to that $3 a share.
Travis Stice: Well, I think if you’re asking what are some of those constraints going to be if you get to 400 and what Diamondback is doing to prepare for that? Well, again, a part of it goes back to the long-standing relationship we have with our service partners. But secondarily, anything that requires boots or tires in the Permian Basin is going to continue to be tight. And that means we’re going to have to attract – as an industry, we’re going to have to attract more workers into the Permian Basin like we did in 2018, 2019. And that’s going to – you’re going to see that translate to an increase in labor costs. But again, those cost increases are going to paint pretty much all of us with the same brush. And we’ll focus, like I tried to highlight earlier, we’ll focus on the variable side, things we can actually do something about. But 400, what do we peak at Danny, out here in the Permian.
Travis Stice: So we’re – even though I think those rigs are a little bit more efficient today than they were then, we’re approaching or will approach by the end of this year sort of where we were at the end of 2019.
Travis Stice: Yes. I don’t know what the right level of growth will be or when it’s going to occur. I can tell you definitively right now, what’s being valued by our investors is a shareholder return program. And no one wants to see that shareholder return program put at risk with volume growth, not for Diamondback specifically for our industry in total. So look, the world will be calling for oil growth at some point in the future. And our industry is going to have to figure out the right way to respond while not putting the shareholder return program at risk. We’ve spent the last decade consuming capital and now we’ve got a little bit of sunshine in us where we can return that capital to our investors that have been waiting patiently and sometimes impatiently for this return. So it’s a good question to ask, Leo, but I can – I can’t give you the time at which Diamondback or the industry is going to respond to growth. But I’ll tell you, when we do, it’s going to be in conjunction with creating unreasonable value for our shareholders.
Travis Stice: Yes. We asked that question every day. But one of the things that’s – when I ask that question, one of the responses I got was, what do you think the average price was for the last seven years, and that’s $53 a barrel. It’s really easy to get you fork about $90-plus oil. And in fact, I’ve seen – I think I’m seeing some of that for you in our industry right now, certainly in the commentary that’s out there. But we know geopolitically, there’s dollars that are in today’s oil price that God willing will be resolved without arms conflict. We know that there’s Iranian barrels that are probably coming on, I said, by the end of the year, but it may be at the end of this month. And we’ve got this further in the Permian Basin that’s continuing to lift U.S. production forecast. And while OPEC hasn’t performed up to their 400,000 barrels per day per month production increases, but I think they’re getting closer to it. And I don’t know what their surplus is, but it’s not zero yet. So all of those things, to me, you add them together actually seem to be a little bit more bearish for crude than it does to be optimistic. And the other thing is if we’re wrong and oil price is higher, we’re going to generate a lot of free cash flow, and our investors are going to get a lot of that return to them. And if I’m right, then we’ve protected our investments, and we’ve made the right decisions. So $60, I don’t know that it’s a hard and fast number, but it’s kind of the aperture at which we start all of our decisions on investments, whether it’s M&A or drilling wells or share buybacks.
Travis Stice: And I think one add is to that is that right now, we’re drilling single wells. And there’s a huge cost inefficiency when you’re drilling single wells trying to delineate a play. Once you move into full cycle development and you can drill at least four wells, simul-frac operations, and combine that with the efficient drilling operations, you can drive a lot of cost out of the equation, which raises the economics on a play like Limelight and actually makes us start to compete for our capital with the other items in our portfolio.
Travis Stice: Thank you again to everyone listening today. If you’ve got any questions, just reach out to us using the contact information provided.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. I think on top of that, Arun, we certainly want a fortress balance sheet. I think there’s some stuff for us to do with our 2024 and 2025 notes this year, pay down debt when things are good. And I think that could open the door for higher returns. I think the key is 50% of free cash flow is going back to the shareholders. And if we don’t have anything to do with the other 50%, it’s coming back as well and we proved that in the fourth quarter.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes, we would. You have to have taken kind rights to be able to do that. And so we’re putting a lot of pressure on our midstream partners to either relinquish our taking kind rights to us so that we can contribute to the pipeline like we did on the Whistler pipe, putting our balance sheet to work or incentivizing them to contribute themselves. So -- that’s a little bit of a game of chicken with our G&P’s. But I think message is we both need to figure this out as a group and we would be willing to put our balance sheet to work to make it happen.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. I mean we hope for the best but prepare for the worst. And preparing for the worst is buying puts at $50. The balance sheet doesn’t blow out, dividend is well protected, still our free cash flow above that and try to leave as much upside for the best as possible.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes, Neil, good question. I think the Street has lost sight of value creation for E&Ps. I get that there’s a lot of cash going back to shareholders. But at the end of the day, if you can generate more free cash flow with the same expectations out of the business, you’re creating more value over a long period of time. Execution is going to matter, metrics matter, controlling cost matters, PDP F&D matters. And for us, all of those inputs create more free cash flow, and that means more free cash flow is going to shareholders, whether it’s 50% of free cash flow in one quarter or 67% and another. We kind of think about this as a partnership. It’s just that the partnership has a commitment to return 50% of free cash flow if we have something to do with the other 50% that creates unreasonable value, we’ll keep it. But we’re not going to sit on cash and we’re going to distribute a ton of cash to partners. Just the only commitment is at least 50% of that cash is coming back.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. One thing to add is, we also deferred half a million barrels of oil last year. I mean we’re trying to do our part here, Derrick. We deferred 850,000 BOEs, half a million barrels of oil because of flaring. We’re just kind of asking that both sides, midstream and upstream get together to solve this industry issue.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. I mean, generally, Doug, post the deals we do a lot of trades to try to block up, extend inventory, extend laterals, sometimes at the expense of lower working interest inventory that may not be operated or have shorter laterals. So that’s the blocking and tackling piece that we’re very focused on. And second, on inventory, we’ve gone a little wider in both the Midland and the Delaware Basins. I think our updated inventory numbers reflect that in kind of moving towards six wells to seven wells per zone per section in the Midland Basin versus kind of eight being the tightest 660-foot spacing. And the Delaware move into kind of four wells to five wells a section in the primary zones versus six wells. I think what we found is we’re not sacrificing a ton of EUR from that unit by going a little wider, but we are generating much better returns and much better capital efficiency. So, I think the offset from a present value perspective outweighs the loss of a couple of locations.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes, that’s fair. I will add that -- it’s a small number, but we are completing five less wells at the midpoint in 2022 than we were in 2021. And as the base decline shallows out and we get active on sale of Robertson Ranch, where we have a significant percentage of minerals helping us out, that capital efficiency is going to look a little better here over the coming years.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. I kind of think about absolute getting down to $3.5 billion-ish at Diamondback and $1 billion-ish at the subs. So $4.5 million total. I think that keeps you very well protected even at a mid-cycle price turn or so. But more importantly, average maturity getting extended is going to be important because that clears the way for more shareholder returns between now and 2029 when our next big note would be due.
Kaes Van’t Hof: And one comment on Slide 10, David. Slide 10 tells you exactly what we’re saying, right? The rig line and the stimulation line, rig rates are up, frac rates are up, but the efficiencies that have been gained as seen in the top half of the page means that those pieces of the well costs have not risen like fixed costs like fuel or cement or casing.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. We look at it more on the breakeven side. So pre-dividend breakeven right now, $30 a barrel. I think that number stays fairly consistent here over the coming years as capital efficiency stays strong, base declines are reduced. And then above that, our large shareholders universally have said they want a base dividend that’s protected below $40 oil. Right now, the base dividend was protected at $35. That will go up over time, but you also might have less shares over time, less debt. So that frees up some more cash to go to the dividend. But overall, cash returns have been widely discussed over the last couple of quarters. And the only thing we have universally heard from large long-owned leases more base dividend sooner. And that’s why Travis is making a commitment to get to three by year-end with Board support, should conditions remain.
Kaes Van’t Hof: I think we always take a little conservatism for the good guys into our plan. Drilling and completing 280 wells at the – at your AFE number for a year is not an easy task. It might look easy for me in my Excel model but actually doing it in the field is pretty darn impressive. So we certainly want to give some room for guys to do what they do in the field, but also service costs are going up. I mean, Travis mentioned a very high rig count number in the Permian. If that number comes to fruition, there’s going to be pressure on all the variable costs and the fixed cost in this basin. So fortunately, we have the 12 rigs we need. We have the three simul-frac crews we need. This is not a year where we need to go find eight crews – or eight rigs and three crews. We might have to pay them a little more to keep working for us, but that’s the risk for the high end in the back half of the year.
