Travis Stice: Yes, Neal, I don't think the macro conditions are dictating any kind of production growth currently. I mean you still have an uncertain Fed action. You've got uncertainty around China COVID, demand recovery. You've still got Russian barrels that are still finding their way into the market. So it doesn't appear to me that the macro conditions have fundamentally changed. And certainly, the feedback -- and perhaps, most importantly, the feedback we get from our shareholders are encouraging us to continue to embrace a shareholder return more.
Travis Stice: Yes. It's certainly not just one thing, Neal. It's really a combination of all the things that we focus on really multiple times a day when it comes to executing our program. Certainly, well productivity enhancements add to that, but that's really an output of a very difficult decision we made in 2019 to pivot away from kind of the best two zone development strategy and embrace the multi-zone full section development strategy, which we're seeing benefits of today. You also hear us talk frequently about our cost structure and that cost structure is made up not only on the expense side where -- whether it's G&A or LOE, but also on the capital efficiency side where we continue to push the envelope, particularly on the variable cost side of things, simply doing more with less. And all of those things combined, I think, put us consistently towards the top of the most margin efficient producer in the basin.
Travis Stice: Yes. Good question, Arun. In 2018 and early 2019, we were really studying this co-development strategy intently, and the significant observation that we made from our analysis was that essentially, all of these zones talk to each other. And if they talk to each other, which means you actually have pressure communication during the fracking operations, which subsequently also means that you're kind of sharing the reserves as an individual well is produced that if you don't get them upon initial -- the initial development that when you go back in later, you'll find those zones have experienced some depletion and that depletion degrades the efficiency of your stimulated rock volume, which ultimately changes the production profile. And so in order to address that, we examined our spacing assumptions, both side to side and top to bottom, and made adjustments to try to minimize those frac pressure interferences. Spread some zones out further, spread some zones above and below further, but essentially went into a section -- half of section this time was our development strategy and completed all the wells at one time and then brought them all on at one time. And that was a painful decision because it's a lot easier. In fact, I've been -- I've said it before that I'll take criticism from drilling the very best zone, but we found out that, that actually wasn't the right development strategy, and we took some things for that in 2019. But as you can see, we put some details in our -- on Slide 16, as you alluded to. We're -- in the Midland Basin, our well results are equivalent to what we were seeing in 2017.  So very proud of the technical team and their diligence to try to crack a very difficult problem and then the courage to stay with that decision through periods when we were questioned about that development strategy. So I hope that answers your question, Arun.
Travis Stice: Yes. I think you've got just a couple things that are impacting LOE. First, we're fairly exposed to the power market, and we rode through the back half of last year fairly unhedged through the -- we're up in gas prices and that really impacted our real-time power pricing, and you've seen kind of real-time power pricing kind of stay a little elevated through the first part of 2023 here. And so trying to guess where we're going to land with respect to power and have an opportunity to get hedged to protect ourselves, but -- so that's adding about a dime. And then you've got another impact from the FireBird acquisition with about 900 vertical wells, which had another dime or two to our consolidated LOE. So between those two things, you're looking at about a quarter, and we think we're probably running in the lower end of the guide today. And if we see some things come our way, we think we could potentially be under the guide, but we're not baking that into our guidance.
Travis Stice: Thank you, again, to everyone for participating in today's call. If you have any questions, please contact us using the information provided. Thank you.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes. I think also on top of that, Neal, we're going to be growing oil production per share significantly in 2023 through two well-timed acquisitions and a significant amount of buybacks in 2022. So per share metrics continue to improve. We continue to invest in high-return projects while not having to change our activity plan on a monthly basis trying to follow the crude price. The plan is the plan, and this steady state of activity has produced good results to date and no need to change that while it's working right now.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes, Neil, great question. I think we announced two E&P asset sales, noncore asset sales this quarter that I think fit the mold of what the market looks like right now. And that's assets that don't compete for capital in our capital plan for many, many years and a little bit of PDP associated with those assets. But generally, a buyer that is looking to develop those assets a lot faster than we're planning. And so these two deals, the buyers are going to get aggressive developing these two assets right away, which in the capital allocators, it's just good capital allocation from our perspective. Going into it, we expected to sell more midstream assets than E&P assets. So that's why we bumped the target, and we still have some strategic midstream investments that are nearing the point where they should be monetized. Gray Oak, I think, was a great example. We retained all of our commercial benefits of the transaction. We still move our barrels to the Gulf Coast. But just that from a financial perspective, the pipeline was a great investment and it worked, and we monetize it to the partners. So I'd expect more on the midstream side. We did highlight what we have from a midstream perspective in the deck for the first time, but we're going to be patient and prudent when it comes to selling assets.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes. Good question as well. I think the plan when we acquired Firebird, Firebird was producing 17,000 barrels of oil a day. We guided to that asset producing 19,000 barrels of oil a day for the year 2023. So clearly, some growth on that asset we're already seeing, but we'll see the majority of that benefit going into Q2 to Q4. And then on top of that, obviously, closing the Lario acquisition on January 31, that immediately adds 6,000 net barrels a day -- or sorry, subtracts 6,000 net barrels a day from Q1 because we didn't get to count those volumes in January. So base case plan is to grow steadily from Q1 through Q4, and we got the projects to back that up.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes, great question, Arun. I think FireBird, at the end of the day, is the quintessential Diamondback deal, where we know the space and like the back of our hand and have been communicating with the FireBird team as they tested their position further West in the basin than others have in the past. And we follow the results closely and posted a couple of recent results that I think confirm a couple of things, but also give us some hope on upside in the central prospect. And there's a couple of wells sand the future may vary on the Far West side. This was probably the farthest West test to date and not an area we underwrote, and you have a very good Wolfcamp A result Far West. And then in the Southern portion of the position, you have this -- sorry, you have the four corners two-wells Wolfcamp A and Lower Spraberry. And we underwrote Lower Spraberry with Wolfcamp A upside across the central prospect, and it's looking more like you can have Lower Spraberry with Wolfcamp A co-development across that position.  So early days yet, but definitely a positive sign from the FireBird deal, and our technical team's work in getting that deal across the finish line.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes, no problem. So generally, right, the majority of our capital is going to be allocated to the best zones, co-development. A big development this year in kind of the sale of Robertson Ranches and the Central Martin County area. So that's where the majority of capital is getting deployed. Certainly, there are deeper tests going on throughout the basin. We have our Limelight Prospect, which covers that those deeper zones, a tariff structure on the eastern side of the Midland Basin, where we're going to be developing some Woodford and Barnett. Generally, we're probably going to drill 3 or 4 wells there this year. I don't think it's going to be 10, 15 plus, but I think generally, promising results from the deeper zones across the basin and the benefit of our position is that we hold a lot of those deeper zones, and we have a significantly large mineral company that owns mineral rights to the center of the earth forever in all those zones. So if those zones start getting leased up, it's a great benefit to the Diamondback-FireBird relationship.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes, again, breaking up a little bit, but talking about base declines. I think the base business, obviously, the base decline continued to decrease since being a maintenance mode from 2020. We did add two acquisitions in FireBird and Lario, where they have built a lot of rate very quickly. And so those two deals have a higher decline rate than the base business, but I think we've managed that in our guidance and also manage that in how we're going to complete wells across the pro forma position. So certainly, base decline is coming down, but I really think the best benefit of this lower growth environment is that we can grow per share metrics while not having to change our development plan with every $10 move in oil price, right? The plan is the plan right now. Shale has certainly become longer cycle with these bigger pads. And so, we're not having to put a stress on the ops teams to move pads around if oil moves $5 or $10 a barrel.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes, Jeanine, I think a couple of things, right? Q4 was going to be a great quarter going into December. We had -- obviously, we all had a winter storm here. Diamondback did not announce the winter storm impact, but certainly, the winter storm did impact our production. So going into the last 10 days of the quarter, we felt very good about where we sat and still hit guidance. And therefore, from a POP perspective, we kind of moved some wells from Q4 into Q1 to get a head start on POPs. It's not a huge capital impact, but it is a number where we guide to first production. So there's a good amount of POPS in Q1 2023 because we were ahead of schedule in Q4 and feeling good about where we started Q1 this year.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes, no change, Jeanine. Really, the variable is the output of how many shares we didn't buy back in a particular quarter, and the buyback is still going to be very opportunistic. And I think now that we've kind of gone through this for four or five quarters, you can see that we step in and buy back when things are weaker. There's still been a lot of volatility in the space. We're going through a period of that volatility right now. And so you look back at a quarter like Q4, bought back less shares in October and November, but hit the buyback very hard in December. And I think you can expect us to keep doing that and then having the variable be the output of what base dividend plus buyback doesn't get through in a particular quarter.
Kaes Van't Hof: I think the biggest benefit, Derrick, is not only the assets we acquired from QEP and guide on, I think that deal while done at a tough time hit exactly what you're looking for in a transaction, right? We allocate more capital to those assets that we would have allocated to the business prior to the deals. So we're seeing a little benefit there. Those assets are also in areas where you have three or four or even five zone development, and so we're having massive pads come on in high-return areas with a little bit of a benefit on the Viper side with high mineral interest across that position. So space -- as Travis mentioned earlier in the call, taking a close look at spacing, learning from other operators in the basin, what to do and what not to do and implementing that very quickly into our plan is paying dividends.
Kaes Van't Hof: The biggest headwind over the last six quarters has been casing costs. Now we can certainly see around the corner that maybe we're seeing some softening there. I'm not going to count on it until we see it, but casing has moved up from, let's call it, $40 or $50 a foot to $110 a foot. It's 20% of our Midland Basin well cost now, and that's a significant headwind over the last 6 quarters. I think the headwind is going to ease. If not, it's a little bit out of our control. But the things that we can control are the efficiencies gained from simul-frac operations. We'll probably have four simul-frac crews running by Q2 of this year, which is highly efficient, saves about $30 a foot versus conventional crews. And on top of that, two of those crews are going to be the Halliburton e-fleet Zeus crews, and those use less fuel, but also run on cheap Waha gas right now. So that saves another $15 or $20 a foot. So we're doing what we can to cut costs and keep costs as low as possible in an inflationary environment.
Kaes Van't Hof: Good question, Roger. I don't think flow assurance is going to be an issue for us, but we are exposed to the Waha price based on how the contracts are written. Through the history of Diamondback, we've been very acquisitive, and when we acquire things, it comes with contracts. And so, all those contracts are with private equity backed or some of the public gatherers and processors in the basin. So I feel really good about our flow assurance and our contracts, the issue is going to be price. And what we've seen in the basin is some tightness coming out of the basin on Waha when pipelines have gone up or gone down over the last six months. But really, there's a lot of processing capacity that's now coming on in the early part of 2023, particularly with two of our Midland Basin gatherers and processors. And I think that generally is going to move the issue further downstream. So it's going to be a tight gas market in the Permian. Henry Hub prices obviously aren't helping as well, but we feel good that the gas will move, and we're well hedged financially to protect from that downside. 
Kaes Van't Hof: Great question, Roger. We don't believe in no hedges, I think, primarily because our balance sheet is a hedge. Our cost structures are hedged, but we consider our base dividend debt, right? And our base dividend is now $3.20 a share. It's almost $550 million of outflows a year. We think it's well protected today at $40 a barrel but we don’t want to put that in harm's way. So we buy puts as fire insurance, and we basically use the front quarter to extend duration three or four quarters out. We try to be 50% to 60% hedged going into a particular quarter on oil down to 0% hedge four, five quarters out. So I think you can continue to expect us to do that, and your observations are 100% correct that in the back half of the year, it will grow as we go through the year.
Kaes Van't Hof: Good question, Jeoff. I think, generally, we guided to this year being around 15% year-over-year well costs, sub-10% from what we highlighted in November. And I would say, generally, those numbers still fit today. I would say, we're probably in the upper half of our well cost guidance for both Midland and Delaware today. But generally, there are some things coming our way outside of service cost deflation and that's another Halliburton Zeus e-fleet moving to four simul-fracs versus last year, we ran three in a spot crew. So that last simul-frac adds some efficiency. And I kind of put the budget two ways this year. I think if we see deflation, we're going to be closer to the lower half of our guide. And if we stay flat, we'll be to midpoint to the higher end. But I think generally, the anecdotes are coming in that some things are heading our way from a service cost perspective. And unlike last year, not everything -- not every line item will go up in the AFE.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes. Good question, Kevin. The biggest benefit we did receive in the fourth quarter, obviously, commodity prices came down quarter-over-quarter, Q3 to Q4. So that was a surprise for the positive on cash taxes. I guess that hurts you overall. But the biggest deferral we got was when we closed the FireBird deal came with about $100 million of midstream assets and some other fixed assets that we're able to depreciate right away, and so that allowed us to defer more taxes into 2023. As we've modeled 2023, we still have about $1 billion of NOL that will be exhausted this year. But on top of that, also closing the FireBird or the Lario transaction, which added some midstream and fixed assets as well. So generally, this is kind of our last year before being a full cash taxpayer. About two well timed deals allowed us to push out a little more cash. Obviously, it's not the reason why we do the deals, but it's a nice tangential benefit.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes. I don't know if sellers are ever reasonable, Leo. But generally, I do think the two larger transactions did happen because Diamondback's cost structure was differential in the second half of the year and going into 2023, right? We're drilling wells $2 million, $3 million, $4 million cheaper in the Midland Basin than peers, and that is when you underwrite PUDs, that drives value to the good guys even if you're not running strip oil pricing. So I think generally, that's what's happened. There's less and less large opportunities like the two that we announced last fall. So it's relatively quiet at the moment. But some of the smaller things that tend to trend with the large deals like the blocking and tackling, a couple of other deals that Firebird and Lario we're working on when they sold. That's the kind of stuff that we're focused on right now.
Kaes Van't Hof: Great. Thank you, Paul. I'll take the first one on the JVs. We did highlight all of these JVs. I think generally, these all sat at our Rattler entity before consolidating it. Generally, from a financial perspective, I think they're all good investments that eventually will be monetized at higher value than what we paid -- what we put in. But the strategy behind why we did these things is that we got commercial agreements and benefits locked in with the financial piece. So whether it's -- like the Gray Oak pipeline, right? We got 100,000 barrels a day of space on the pipeline, that's not changing even though we sold our equity interest in the pipe. On the gas processing side, we invested 20% into WTG. We and our partners decided to build 200 million a day cryo plants immediately after closing the deal, and that is alleviating a lot of the gas flaring and gas processing issues in the Northern Midland Basin. So we try to drive value through molecules committed to these investments, but generally, at some point, it makes sense to monetize them.  On the inventory side, we try to drill 15,000 feet wherever we can. I think most of our land in the Midland Basin is pretty locked up from a lateral length perspective. I think generally, if we had four sections North to South, we would drill through 10,000-foot laterals. If we had five sections North to South, which is rare, we would drill two sets of 12,500 foot laterals. And if we had three sections, we would drill 15,000-foot laterals over two 7,500-foot laterals. So we underwrote the FireBird deal with a lot of 15,000 footers because that is a big contiguous block. And on the other side, Lario, pretty landlocked in the center of Martin County with a lot of competitors around. So we kind of had to live with the lateral length as they were presented.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes. Good question, Doug. I would say, generally, we were surprised at the amount of E&P assets we sold relative to initial expectations of $500 million of noncore asset sales because we raised that to $1 billion. We're at $750 million to date. It's logical that most of those -- most of the rest of the $250 million or more come from noncore asset comes from midstream assets. I will say if they're -- it's going to be harder for us to sell operated midstream assets versus non-op midstream assets like the JVs that we highlighted in the back of our deck like you inferred, operated midstream assets do have an impact on LOE and financials. Whereas non-operated assets, you do have a cash flow impact from less distributions from those assets, but not as meaningful to the parent co. So I think it's logical that more non-op stuff is top of mind, but for the right value, some operated stuff would be on the table. Just we'd be cognizant of what that would do to our operating metrics.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes. I mean, I guess the answer would be, we're going to get through all of our NOL in 2023. So that will be exhausted, and we'll be a full cash taxpayer, although as you mentioned, we will be able to defer some with respect to intangible drilling costs and the CapEx we spend on the business. So I guess it will be dependent upon where -- obviously, where commodity prices are in 2024. And second to that, where CapEx is, I think we're obviously in a world where we're going to be spending -- continue to spend less than we make. So it's logical that there will be a tax burden. There's just too many variables right now to predict 2024.
