Travis Stice: Thank you, Adam, and welcome to Diamondback's second quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I'd like to take a minute to continue to extend our thoughts and prayers to all of those both directly and indirectly affected by the coronavirus pandemic. This year has brought unprecedented challenges and I'm proud of how our organization responded given the obstacles presented. Our teams reacted quickly to the commodity price volatility and adjusted our operating and capital plans in real time. We are seeing the benefits of this work today with all-time low cash operating costs and capital costs per lateral foot at or below all-time lows in both basins. This is also accompanied by high-graded forward development plan weighted towards the mid-LAN basin where we have high mineral ownership, low midstream and infrastructure capital requirements, and high returns due to the quality of our acreage accompanied by industry low drilling and completion costs. Turning to the second quarter, we dramatically reduced our operated rig count in the second quarter, from 20 rigs on March 31st to six rigs today. In response to historically low commodity prices experienced in the quarter, we made the decision to complete as few wells as possible in the second quarter, with zero wells turned to production in the month of June. We also curtailed 5% of our oil production during the second quarter. This curtailed production has been restored, and is now receiving significantly higher realized prices than it would have received when the decision was made to curtail. We have three completion crews working today to stem production declines and to meet our fourth quarter production target of between 170 and 175,000 barrels of oil per day. Importantly, Diamondback decreased activity levels throughout the second quarter while not spending excessive dollars on early termination fees or other one-time expenses that are headwinds to cash generation. Looking ahead, production is expected to continue to decline in the third quarter, but rise to meet our fourth quarter guidance as we began completion operations in June with two crews and added a third completion crew in July. We expect to run between three and four completion crews for the rest of the year and are currently running six operated drilling rigs which is our base case for the rest of the year. In 2021, should a maintenance capital scenario become the base case, Diamondback can hold fourth quarter 2020 oil production flat, while spending 25% to 35% less than 2020's capital budget, which is also expected to include lower midstream and infrastructure budgets. The second half of 2020 and 2021's capital programs will benefit from the drawdown of some of the DUC build from the first half of 2020 as we worked down our operated rig counts as contracts rolled off. We ended the second quarter with $1.9 billion of standalone liquidity and have only $191 million of our September 2021 notes outstanding after tendering for 55% of the original $400 million issuance during the second quarter. This was our only major term debt maturity before 2024. With our reduction in forward capital spending, and expectation for true free cash flow generation at current commodity prices in the second half of 2020 and 2021, we will look to reduce both gross and net debt while continuing to return capital to our shareholders through our base dividend. This dividend remains our primary return of capital to our equity holders and the Board of Directors has decided to maintain the dividend based on the current forward outlook. To finish, Diamondback has further adjusted downward our already low cost structure and is prepared to operate successfully in a lower-for-longer oil price environment. A lot of the efficiency and cost gains made during this downturn will become permanent and will benefit Diamondback shareholders in a recovery. Low interest expense, low leverage, industry-leading, low cash operating cost, downside hedge protection, strong midstream contracts, and the benefits of Viper and Rattler will allow Diamondback to operate effectively through an uncertain forward outlook. With these comments now complete, operator, please open the line for questions.
Travis Stice: Certainly, I agree the outspend is behind us. As I articulated the third quarter, fourth quarter, and throughout next year, we'll be generating significant free cash flow. The cost structure remains one of Diamondback's significant advantages. You've heard me say before that our main focus is to convert resource into cash flow at the most efficient margin while we drill and complete really good wells. The cost savings and the cost reductions that we're seeing right now through this downturn, we believe that a high percentage of those will continue throughout the forward development plan. Historically, when you go through a cycle, you'll see service cost concessions of 10% to 15%. We're now down over 25% over the last 12 months. As long as rig count stays below 200 rigs out here in the Permian and commodity price stays sort of range bound where it is right now, we feel pretty confident that the execution and cost metrics that we're seeing today will be part of our future operating plan.
Travis Stice: Certainly, we're not seeing any signals that growth is needed from Diamondback or from our industry in general. So, growth in today's world is pretty much off the table. The comments I made in my prepared remarks echoing the board's viewpoint that we're going to - our primary form of return to our shareholders is in the form of our dividend, and our board's committed to maintaining that dividend, and hopefully growing that into the future as well. Beyond that, excess free cash flow, as I said, we’ll be using to reduce debt. So, I think it's a combination of both continue to lean into the dividend and also reduce total debt and net debt at the same time.
Travis Stice: And then I think, Derrick, on the cost side, the completion crew that completes two wells at once and can - did that Spanish trail pad, you’re paying more for the horsepower, but you're also saving a lot of money on the variable costs. So, you're probably saving somewhere in the range of $20 or $25 a foot. And I think tangentially, that benefits areas where you have high water out or high production. You're watering out your production for a lot shorter period of time and getting that production back online. So, that's a crew that we're going to use in areas where we have a lot of existing production throughout the basin.
Travis Stice: Yes, sure, Derrick. It's a lot of - we don't have a lot of clarity on what this - what the regulatory environment is going to look like if we fast forward to an administration change. But what we do know is that it won't speed up. Things won't become more efficient. And so, what we're trying to do is be as much on our front foot on things that require regulatory approval. Now, you've just echoed, and we have articulated, that our - we have essentially no exposure to federal acreage, but we're going to see what the new rules of engagement are, should they get rolled out. And you can expect Diamondback like you said to be progressive in the way that we navigate through those new rules of engagement. Listen, we support sound science that drives regulation. And you've heard me say that before in our sustainability report. And we'll continue to support regulation that's backed by sound science. When those two things deviate is where Diamondback and our industry are likely going to have a problem with the regulation.
Travis Stice: Yes, Gail, really, credit to the team and the field organization who went from ramping up in April to curtailing in May and bringing back that curtailed production in June to keep LOE as low as it did in the second quarter, below $4. I think that, naturally, that number is going to come up a little bit in Q3 and Q4. But still probably be somewhere in the lower half of the force. Then, as we think about the next year, our large capital spend on the infrastructure side in terms of electrification of some fields as well as going to gas foot projects will help LOE stay in that kind of low 4's range as we head into 2021. And every cent at current production is about $1 million a year of cash flow. So, we're picking up pennies and going to stay focused on being as close to that $4 bogie as we can.
Travis Stice: I think the exposure to Brent stays about the same 2020 to 2021, about 60%. But once Wink to Webster comes on, that contract moves from a Midland-based price to MEH-based price. I think our mentality there, the thought process is these types of commitments and the long-term sales agreements are essentially large insurance policies for when things go bad. And right now, with Brent WTI as narrow as it is, we're probably losing a few cents versus selling those barrels in Midland. But if Brent WTI blows out to $4 or $5 a barrel, then we're probably receiving somewhere close to 100% of WTI.
Travis Stice: I'll take the second part first, Asit. I think, overall, infrastructure is - the line that we define as infrastructure will be cut almost in half going into 2021 and I think that number, we've had a large infrastructure build across our position over the last three or four years and there's a lot of scrutiny on that number to not come back up. As we have executed on our one-time projects on electrification and gas lift, and we have very few new batteries to build, instead we expand our existing batteries, that infrastructure budget is going to keep being driven down. Even in 2022, that's a long way from today. But I think our goal is to try to be at least two thirds Midland Basin-weighted for the foreseeable future. And whether that's in a growth or a stay-flat scenario, I think we have the inventory to do that.
Travis Stice: Yes, specifically, our field organization and operations organization jumped ahead and took advantage of some of the slowdown in our drilling activity to kind of get caught up on some of the Diamondback-required drilling and completion operations, particularly in the Delaware Basin. In some instances, we brought our balance sheet to bear, where we spent dollars to eliminate flaring, but it's essentially across the board a high emphasis to not flare at all. And we do need, at times, help from our gathering partners to make sure that once we're hooked up that that can move the gas. But in general, we've adopted a policy of every well is connected to a gas sales point before it's brought on. And that, plus working closely with our gathering and processing partners, has allowed us to really substantially reduce our flaring.
Travis Stice: And we've got - in fact, you can read it on Slide 21, some of the changes we made to our short-term incentive compensation program. And as a reminder, this scorecard, this corporate scorecard that we present in our proxy, that makes up half of every employees' short-term incentive compensation on an annual basis. So, we've got a 15% weighting on our ES&G measures. And you can see what those are on Slide 21. Listed there, safety metrics, our flaring, greenhouse gas emissions, the percent of recycled water, oil spill control and TRIR or total recordable incident rate. There's five measures that make up that ES&G score now.
Travis Stice: Jeff, I don't think they're mutually exclusive. We've raised our dividend every year since putting it in place three years ago and I think that being the primary return of capital, we're going to look at that very closely at the end of the year and see what 2021 holds on that front. The one consistent theme we received from our largest shareholders over the past few months is to protect the dividend and in exchange for protecting that dividend, cut capital. And that's what I think we're going do. I think overall, we would like our debt to be lower than higher. And I don't want to put out a two year or five-year target on that front because a lot can change in this business, as you've seen in the last three months. But I do want to also emphasize that at the parent company, we still have three companies right? And each of those companies has debt that's manageable. All three companies will be generating free cash flow starting in the third quarter going forward. And on top of that, Diamondback has a lot of ownership in those two subsidiaries which while you can't sell all that in a day, at some point that is a safety valve for how much debt you think you have at the parent company.
Travis Stice: Look, in terms of the first part of your question, M&A, we are so internally focused right now on doing the things that we need to do. Look, our industry's been rightly criticized for all kinds of noise that have distracted from returns and our focus right now is singularly trying to deliver the highest returns and cash flow for every single dollar we invest. And look, from the public guys, the debt's trading so poorly for the public guys that could potentially be targets, it just doesn't make any sense for us right now. So, that's kind of my view on M&A. And then, I just don't think that it makes sense for Diamondback to be looking at other basins. One of the core philosophies we talk about here is know what you're good at. And Diamondback is really, really good at Permian Basin extraction of hydrocarbons. And that's borne out by our cost structure and our execution metrics. And that's our - that’s our emphasis. That's what we're good at; that's what we know we're good at and that's what we're going to maintain.
Travis Stice: Well, I think, Jeanine, overall, with more Midland Basin as a higher percentage of your total capital, your Midland Basin EUR per foot is lower than the Delaware, but your well costs are significantly lower. So, while I can't give you an exact productivity on well EUR per foot, I do think, in general, the couple hundred wells we’re going to complete in 2021 will be a higher productivity on returns basis than 2020 because in 2020 we were heading into the year to complete 350 wells and we've - we've slowed that machine down to complete 185 this year and something close to that next year. And I think just, in general, our next if 80, 85 wells I see on the schedule for the second half of 2020 are significantly better than the first half of 2020, and we expect that level of detail on drilling our best stuff first to carry into 2021.
Travis Stice: I think we're reluctant to change it just because half the year's gone, and the way we report CapEx, probably three quarters of the year is essentially gone on well-cost perspective. But these lower well costs that we're seeing today in real time will benefit the company in the fourth quarter and into 2021. So, I think it's prudent for us not to change that guidance. But certainly, we expect the trend to continue.
Travis Stice: You've got to have a lot higher commodity price. I don't know what higher means, but certainly materially higher than what you see today. You also have to have access to capital, which right now's been - there's been capital starvation for a number of quarters for our industry. And rightfully so, as I mentioned earlier, because of our industry's inability to generate through returns but the last part of that would be - certainly, investor sentiment would have to change dramatically from where it sits today. There's quite a bet of headwinds, I think, for our industry as you look ahead to try to think about any kind of meaningful production growth.
Travis Stice: Well, certainly if we continue to have this environment, as I mentioned earlier, well costs are usually going to stay the same or they're going to go lower. And I think it's reasonable, if commodity prices increase, you'll start to see the service sector - the service sector responds. But look, the Permian Basin is going through a seismic shift in a capital allocation from all the operators, and you can see it in the production responses. We're now below 4 million barrels of oil a day of production. And so, it's just hard to see, in this environment, any meaningful change in the current operating situation that all the companies are faced with here in the Permian.
Travis Stice: Yes and Charles, just to add to that though, with this continued reduction in activity, and even in this environment. I can't emphasize enough that Diamondback's clear advantage is not only the number of locations we have that we laid out in our slides in terms of inventory, but it's our cost structure. And so, and - the lower the price of the commodity goes and the more the margins get squeezed, the more really efficient, high-margin companies get highlighted. And certainly Diamondback, as evidenced by numbers in this release, falls into that category.
Travis Stice: Well, certainly our industry doesn't have a good track record of that discipline. But I believe that there has been a change in sea level in terms of discipline. And I'm confident that all operators, that at least have any awareness of our industry, are going to be very judicious in trying to resume activities that generate production growth.
Travis Stice: Well, it's all about the rock, right. So I mean, if you find good rock, you shouldn't care whether it's public or private. But the problem that we're seeing on the public side is how poorly the debt's trading for public companies. And that adds a significant detriment on acreage valuation. On the private side, there's just not that many opportunities out there truthfully of Tier 1 acreage. We're not going to - there's just not a lot of Tier 1 rock that's out there and that's kind of how we differentiate it.
Travis Stice: There might be a little bit in there, Richard but it's going to be as muted as possible. I think given the shocks that the industry's gone through over the last four months just exemplifies how precious capital is. And I think a lot of our landowners have been pretty accommodating through this. And we're going to do what we can to hold acreage, but also to only drill our best stuff with the majority of the capital.
Travis Stice: Thank you again to everyone for participating in today's call. If you've got any questions, please contact us using the contact information provided. Stay well.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes, Neal, I think we're really focused on this Q4 exit rate number on an oil of 170,000 to 175,000 barrels a day and maintaining that number in 2021 with the lowest capital required, whether that’s on the midstream side, the infrastructure side, as well as the DC&E side. So, we're continuing to refine that and put some guideposts around 2021. But as Travis said, growth isn't top of mind today; instead, it's how capital efficient can we be to keep that production flat in 2021.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes, Scott. I think it's misunderstood how good our Midland Basin inventory is. I'd kind of put our Midland Basin inventory particularly with our cost structure, up against anybody. And that's just proven based on the numbers. So, with current well costs below $600 a foot on the Midland Basin side, we have a significant runway of quality inventory ahead of us. I think we wanted to get ahead of that discussion topic, which seems to poke its head out once in a while. So really, on the Midland Basin side, putting zero dollars of value on the gas side at $35 a barrel, you have over 3,000 locations economic today. And I think that that speaks to the quality of inventory and the cost structure behind that inventory.
Kaes Van't Hof: It's really a combination. Some of our peers, mostly the peers that are larger than us that have a significant amount of inventory, they're spacing their wells wider and doing bigger frac jobs, so they're getting a little more EUR per foot, but the costs are higher. We've tended to space our wells relatively tighter at eight wells across, 660-foot spacing in the Midland Basin, and that's partially due to the completion design being a little bit smaller frac job, but also the costs being lower, and therefore getting a little lower EUR per foot, but from a returns perspective, you’re drilling and completing those wells for multiple hundred dollars per foot cheaper.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes. I think oil cut comes up a little bit from where it was in the second quarter because of the curtailments, but we're probably still somewhere in the low-60s now. Our maintenance plan in 2021 is moving more and more towards the Midland Basin. So, that probably means a few more wells than if you were 50/50 Midland Delaware. But I think something similar to our gross operated well count this year with two-thirds or more focused on the Midland Basin is kind of where our head is at. And I think, as we're doing our work right now to refine that analysis and refine that 25% to 35% less capital number, we'll update the market when we have that data.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes, and, also, we haven't taken the matter into our own hands by converting some of these legacy contracts that we had from POP, percent of proceeds, over the 100% fixed fee. And that's what's driving our gathering and transportation costs going up by a little bit this quarter. Now, we catch the benefit of that on the realized price side on the gas front, so it's really a neutral trade. And the higher gas goes up, the more we're exposed to that on the Diamondback side. So, using the legal and the contract route to incentivize our gatherers and processors on a fixed fee basis to take our gas.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes. The 60/40 really is driven by a lot of the first half of the year being in the Delaware Basin. And looking to back half of the year, Q3, Q4 and into 2021, we’ve really moved the rig schedule on the frac schedule to about 70/30 Midland Delaware. While I don't have my spreadsheet in front of me, that's kind of the path forward is let's get more focused on the Midland Basin where we have less infrastructure needs, less midstream needs, lower LOE, and probably better returns in our overall cost structure. So, I think for us, six rigs operating, four of them are in the Midland and two in the Delaware.
Kaes Van't Hof: I'd say it's less than $5, but somewhere around $5 a barrel. Your breakeven in the Midland a little bit lower than the Delaware. I just think if you're running $5.75 or $5.80 as your cost per lateral foot, that's a pretty good return in project with some of these Midland Basin wells in the 80, 90, 100 barrels a foot EUR range.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes, I don't think we would use the 2020 updated outlook, the real-time cost to drive that number. We're really kind of using the lower end of our full-year 2020 guidance range. We - I think Travis mentioned earlier in the call, well costs are down 25% year-over-year, probably 50% of that is service-cost related. I think for us to guide to all-time low well costs in 2021 would not be a prudent idea.
Kaes Van't Hof: Sure Jeanine. I think what's unique about how Diamondback reports CapEx is that it's a number that actually matches the cash flow statement. And sometimes that's been to our detriment, particularly in the first half of the year. So, in general, we came into the year running 23 rigs and eight completion crews and we're going to exit the year running five or six rigs and three or four completion crews. And that results in a net cash outflow and a cash drag of $250 or $300 million on the budget. I think for others who report a crude CapEx that doesn't match their cash flow statement, we, on an activity-based basis, are going to do 155 to 16 of capital this year with a large cash outflow drag heading into next year.
Kaes Van't Hof: No, I think on the hedging side, most of our hedges we structured as two-way callers. And so, we had a slide in our deck where we are exposed to the upside here and we have a good amount of 2021 production hedged. We haven't added - much on that front. We've actually restructured and lowered the total exposure in 2021. But overall, I think we’re moving towards a true free cash flow model that distributes a lot of cash to shareholders. Diamondback should emulate what Viper and Rattler have done over the past couple of years, which is distribute a lot of cash back - back to their shareholders, one being Diamondback. But more hedging, I think, is probably in our future and making sure your dividend is protected on the bottom end and you print a bunch of free cash on the top end of those two-way callers.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes Michael, on the oil side, we released - high 30s was our base decline exiting 2019 going into 2020. I think that probably goes somewhere into the mid-30s. I can't guarantee the low-30s yet, but probably the mid-30s on at least on oil. So, probably 300 bps or 400 bps of benefit, on the BOE side, we were at low 30s, kind of 32, 33 this year, 2019 going into 2020 and that probably goes down in a couple of hundred bps lower into the - near the 30% range.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes I mean, Richard my opinion is, I've heard a lot of talk about the variable dividend. And the only variable dividend I've ever seen is at Viper in our space. But for us, the fixed dividend is the priority. And I think in the conversations with our larger shareholders, they want to be running, kind of, a dividend growth model as how they're getting cash back from their investment in Diamondback. And I think overall, it's a good concept, but it's just not a concept that we're focused on right now. We're focused on the base dividend, which in our peer group has the highest yield today. And I think investors’ knowing that's safe is important and knowing that that's going to grow in the future is also important.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes Richard, we remain singularly focused on delivering the highest returns and cash flow per share for each dollar that's invested. And every capital allocation decision that we make runs through that aperture and we'll be consistent with that on a go forward basis.
