Teresa Dick: Thank you, Travis. Diamondback's adjusted net income was $26 million or $0.40 per diluted share. While much of our better than expected earnings was attributed to higher production and lower costs, some of it is due to lower DD&A from the impairment charge we recorded in the second quarter of 2015. As a result, we are revising Diamondback's DD&A guidance to arrange at $17 to $19 per BOE from our guidance prior of $19 to $21 per BOE. Diamondback's adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $110 million, which is slightly above EBITDA in the third quarter of 2014, despite price realizations being significantly stronger in 2014. Our third quarter average realized price per BOE, including the effective hedges, was $47. Diamondback continues to have peer leading cash margin, driven by our focus on execution and cost optimization. Slide 10 shows that in 2Q 2015, cash margins exceeded the pure average by over 30%, while on slide eight, we show that year-to-date operating expenses were 17% lower than the pure average. Also on that same slide, we show that Diamondback continues to be one of the leanest operators, with year-to-date G&A nearly half of the pure average, and we generated more production per employee than our peers in 2014. In the third quarter of 2015, our cash G&A costs were $1 per BOE, while non-cash G&A costs are $1.40 per BOE. We spent approximately $80 million for drilling completion and infrastructure, and approximately $22 million for acquisition. During the third quarter of 2015, Diamondback achieved positive free cash flow for the second time in company history, excluding acquisition. We now expect our capital spend to be at the lower end of the previously guided range of $400 million to $450 million for 2015. Our peer leading leverage and track record of conservative financial management position us favorably in this environment. As part of the fall redetermination, our agent lender recommended a borrowing base increase from $725 million to $750 million. We have elected to maintain the $500 million commitment. At the end of the quarter, Diamondback has $529 million of liquidity, including $490 million available on our revolver. I'll now turn to Viper Energy Partners, which announced a cash distribution of $0.20 per unit for the third quarter. This distribution represents an approximate 5% yield when annualized based on the October 30 closing price. Viper has no minimum quarterly distribution or complex ownership hierarchy. The majority of cash flow is returned to unit holders through quarterly distributions, providing upside when oil prices rebound. Slide 13 shows how Viper's distribution remains resilient despite lower oil prices due to organic production growth. Spanish Trail remains one of the most economic areas in the Permian Basin and we expect the operators will continue to drill there. Viper had $29 million drawn on its revolver as of September 30, 2015. As part of its borrowing base redetermination, Viper's agent lender recommended an increase from $175 million to $200 million. Turning to Viper's guidance, we are raising production guidance to a range of 5,000 to 5,200 BOE a day, up from prior guidance of 4,800 to 5,100 BOE per day. As a reminder, Viper does not incur LOE or capital expenditures. We've also lowered Viper's DD&A guidance for 2015 to a range of $17 to $19 per BOE from $20 to $22 per BOE previously. This is due to an increase in its reserves. I'll now turn the call back over to Travis for his closing remarks.
Teresa Dick: Help the impairment, but what's - what the impair - the impairment is being caused by just that rolling average price that keeps kicking down and down as three months roll off. So the offset of more reserves will help reducing impairment, although we are kind of in a cycle of having to record the impairment here until the prices start to flatten out on the SEC rolling.
Teresa Dick: Hi. This is Tracy. So our NGLs actually the pricing is more of an effect of a prior period adjustment on the volumes. We actually had recorded some positive volume PPAs into this quarter due to an under-accrual in Q2. So that's really affecting the price that you're seeing. If you average the three quarters, you're really going to get a true price. Now again, it's very immaterial to our revenues and this PPA is very small and immaterial in the overall scheme of things. That's really where that pricing got a little out of whack there.
Travis Stice: Thank you, Tracy. This quarter was marked by improved performance in all areas of our business, efficiency gains in drilling performance, optimized costs and continued improvement of our average well. Our conservative financial management and capital discipline put Diamondback in a position to weather the low current commodity price environment, and we're poised to accelerate when price recovers. Before we turn the call over to Q&A, I want to recognize each of our 139 employees for all the hard work they've done to continue our track record of execution and low-cost operations. The third anniversary of Diamondback's IPO was earlier this year in October. It has been an amazing three years, filled with many exciting success stories. I firmly believe Diamondback's best is yet to come. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Travis Stice: Well, John, that's a good question, and you know my track record is we typically don't talk about any acquisitions that are currently ongoing. But I can tell you with regard to the pipeline, we still continue to see good opportunities out there. I'll tell you that the spread between bid and ask is probably still pretty wide as evidenced by not a lot of transactions occurring lately. But I also think it's reasonable from my stockholders to expect our fingerprints are on every transaction that occurs out here in the Permian. Because as I've said before. You are either in that M&A game or you're out of it. And Diamondback is active both doing the small bolt-on deals that we announced this quarter, as well as the larger deals. In terms of capacity, we don't typically screen our deals by on how big they could be. We look at the quality of the rock. And we believe that if we identify high quality rock, that our investors will appreciate our execution prowess and our financial performance in converting that rock into cash flow. And we really don't filter the deals on how big or how large they could be.
Travis Stice: Yeah. We've consistently said the Spanish Trail has some of the best economics of any shale development in the Lower 48, especially when you consider the impact of the mineral ownership that the Viper has and Diamondback owning 88% of Viper. So we'll always try to keep two rigs at any commodity price in Spanish Trail. And then as you look towards entering 2016 with four rigs, we'll have the two rigs in Spanish Trail and we'll have two rigs both, one rig in Howard, one rig in Glasscock County, and then we'll bounce between those two new development areas into some drilling in Northwest Martin County or Northeast Andrews County.
Travis Stice: Yeah. You start moving up, we've got acreage position in Howard that could very easily support two rigs. We've got an acreage position in Glasscock County that could easily support two rigs. We'd keep the two in Midland County and we'd probably have one or two rigs in Northwest Martin County or Northeast Andrews County.
Travis Stice: Thanks, John. And guess just to close that thought out, and as you get to higher oil prices, $65 to $75, we'd probably allocate a rig back down in Upton County.
Travis Stice: Yes. Dave, I think we talked about $22 million worth of acquisitions. Those are all bolt-ons in and around mostly Midland County acreage. And yes, there's a portion of that acreage that Viper has the - owns the minerals. So it was accretive on both fronts, both Viper and Diamondback. It really underscores our continued efforts to build our high quality inventory, where we're doing these small bolt-on deals. And as I was talking to John just previously, we're still looking at the bigger deals as well. I believe that we've got the capacity to identify the rock and execute on the rock on just about any deal size but the blocking and tackling that's required to do these bolt-on deals is kind of a day in and day out activity.
Travis Stice: Yeah, Dave. That's a good rule of thumb. Just to clarify that, that would also include drill complete, equip and any associated facilities and infrastructure that we'd have to do. So somewhere in that $100 million range per rig.
Travis Stice: It's more of a PV10 analysis, Dave, just to give our investors a full-scale look at the inventories that we have in our control.
Travis Stice: Good question, Dave. It's actually about four of those things you just laid out there. We consider in our capital allocation process, we consider leverage ratio, and we strive to stay below two times debt to EBITDA. We also look at our borrowing base, and as Tracy outlined, we conservatively took only $500 million out of the $750 million borrowing base. We try to maintain typically below 50% draw on a net revolver base. We look at cash outflow spend. We try to minimize that. Certainly the lower and lower the commodity price goes. And so we try to mix all those together along with lease obligations and drilling obligations and come up with an allocation process. So it's not just a single metric we look at. It's really a combination of all of them, but all of those that I just mentioned. And with our stated objective of rated returns back to our shareholders, we try to allocate capital accordingly.
Travis Stice: I think when you go down to two to three rigs, again, we've not laid out in detail what our drilling plan is going to look like for 2016, but if you were at two to three rigs, you ought to expect more of a flattish production profile for next year.
Travis Stice: Well, first of all, from the Service costs, the Service sector has responded in a pretty fulsome way in 2015 with cost concessions. I still maintain that as long as there's idle equipment in the yard, there is pressure from the Service sector guys to put that arm to work, which means they have to come down on costs. I can tell you probably for just planning purposes, it feels like this is sort of the bottom. When they move marginally down, if commodity prices continue to soften or really to stay where they're at right now. But I think just for planning purposes, it sort of feels like the bottom. In terms of the efficiency gains, I'm really proud of the organization that they continue to do more, almost on a quarter basis. And I know we've got a culture that says we're going to do better on the next well, than we did on a prior well. And my expectations until we can drill complete and deplete one of these wells all in a single day, we're going to continue to push that efficiency envelope until we can achieve that. So I do think that we've made some great strides this year we making permanent some of these cost savings through the efficiency gains we've made. But we are always going to try to continue to push that envelope.
Travis Stice: We've had conversations that way. I still believe that even if I locked in today, I'm going to be locking in higher costs than what we are going to see for a longer period of time. So I believe that we are getting extremely good service at extremely competitive pricing right now. And for Diamondback I believe we're just going to play the low cost guys, going to deliver good service right now for the near future.
Travis Stice: Yeah. I think I was kind of addressing that a little earlier in one of the questions and I said, because I kind of forgot about Upton County. Upton County's going to need probably $65 or $70 oil before we'd allocate capital down there. You know, that was our original development area. And we're proud that we started that whole horizontal renaissance down there. So we have an emotional tie to it, but the economics don't support developing down there until commodity prices improve, probably somewhere in that $65, $70 range.
Travis Stice: You bet, Mike. And I appreciate the effort trying to get me to disclose 2016 there, but we're not ready to talk about growth ranges yet for 2016. I mean, we've still got some decisions we have to make on which well types we're going to drill, whether we drill on stacked laterals or we drill all one zone. And we've got to see what the commodity price is going to do as we exit the year. So I promise you when it's time to talk about 2016, I'll, as you pointed out, I'll unhide the columns. And we'll give you all the details that you need to put your model together. But still premature right now.
Travis Stice: Sure, Mike. Well, yeah, you're right in the fact that we'll probably with one completion crew and four drilling rigs, we're going to be building DUCs at a moderate pace, probably somewhere between 10 to 15 by the middle of next year. And we'll build a couple as we exit this year as well. There's a couple of other macro events that go on. The first, if you just do the math and if you take the upper end of our production range guidance, you're going to see that relative to where we are right now, it's close to flat quarter-over-quarter expectations. We don't know exactly if it's going to play out that way because there's also some things that typically incur in the fourth quarter that we were trying to take into account. One specifically is that we never can count on weather, but we know there's usually a weather event somewhere in December, and that can impact production relatively significantly. Two is the fact that we're drilling most of our wells on multi-well pads right now, and to the extent that one of those pads slides into or out of the quarter, it could have a production volume impact. And three, we also have seen historically that the service sector tries to get a few days in on vacation with Thanksgiving and Christmas. So our utilization rates during the fourth quarter typically drop a little bit. So we try to take all that into account. And again, we've never guided towards the quarter's production volumes because of some of those things that we just outlined. I know we've only got eight weeks or so left in the year, but those are the things we're considering.
Travis Stice: Yeah. I think the fourth quarter probably around 14, 15 completions, something like that. The completion lever is one of the things that we can crack on to control that outspend in 2016 as well. But I think that cadence would be roughly in line for the fourth quarter anyway, 14, 15.
Travis Stice: Yeah, Jason, we looked this morning for hedges, and I think hedges were still running for 2016 cal just straight swaps somewhere a little less than $52 a barrel, and if you look at the decisions we've made historically, we've positioned the company to not need a lot of hedges. We've got liquidity option in our ownership in Viper Energy Partners, and we've got essentially an undrawn and an unfully tapped borrowing base. So we believe in oil price recovery. We don't believe that our finances have to have hedges, and at $52 a barrel I don't want to lock out my investors from the upside in oil price. So we looked at it just about every day, but right now the risk versus reward we just feel, say, remains unhedged for 2016.
Travis Stice: Yeah. Again Jeb, we've not laid out much details for what 2016 is going to look like. We've had a varied rig count this year. We've been up to five and we'll have some carrying expenses in 2016 that will be attributed to a high rig activity. So kind of the things we crank on is completion cadence, well costs, commodity price, and we look at the varying cash outflows or cash out-spins if needed, what gets generated out of that model. If needed, if we get into a real four-star scenario in commodity prices, it could go all the way down to one or two horizontal rigs and maintain all of our lease obligations and be cash flow positive in a couple quarters once we burn off carrying costs from the prior year. So we've got it I think bracketed pretty well, Jeb, and I think in all those scenarios we've got our foot hovering over the accelerator and if we need to mash on the gas when the commodity price improves, which we believe it will, we'll be poised to do so.
Travis Stice: Yeah. Jeb, it's just something we're watching. And one good thing about what goes on in the Permian, especially if there's success from the service companies that provide a service, we'll know about it really quickly. So we're not using it, but we're monitoring it.
Travis Stice: Thanks to everyone, again, for participating in today's call. If you have any questions, please reach out to us using the contact information provided.
Russell Pantermuehl: Yeah, Mark. The Wolfcamp A results we thought turned out really well based on our results and those of other operators. The Wolfcamp A is certainly looking pretty good, not quite the quality of the Lower Spraberry, but seems to be outperforming the Wolfcamp B in this area. Of course we've always talked about how good we think the Wolfcamp A is in Howard County. So I think as you look at our focus looking at going out in 2016, obviously the Lower Spraberry will still be the main focus, but I think you'll see more Wolfcamp A wells come into the mix. On the Middle Spraberry, as we've mentioned before, the Middle Spraberry test we did is on the western side of Spanish Trail. We think that in general the performance improves as you move to the east, and I think you see that in the results of some other operators as well. So kind of on the Eastern side of Midland County I think you'll see a few more Middle Spraberry wells come into the mix as we continue to test that zone on some of the other acres.
Russell Pantermuehl: Yeah, but I think we're probably still looking at something on the order of 60% of Lower Spraberry wells. I think in a real low price environment that number could move up if oil prices improve. I think you'd see us continue to delineate some of the other zones and maybe that percentage of Lower Spraberry wells would move down a little.
Russell Pantermuehl: Yeah. I think it's probably still a little early. We had reported some results off of two and three well pads spaced at 500 feet. We just recently completed five wells, essentially developed half a section at 5000-foot spacing. The last of those wells have just recently come on line. So it's still a little early to gauge the true results there. Some of the earlier wells were watered out. They've come back nicely, so I think with the data we've got so far, we're comfortable in saying that on average we're meeting or maybe slightly exceeding that Ryder Scott type curve. We do have some - an additional kind of four-well test coming up. The last of those wells will be completed probably in the first quarter of 2016. So it'll be into 1Q or 2Q before we have some results there on 500-foot spacing. We were kind of doing some 660-foot spacing tests in northwest Martin that again - probably looking at 2Q before we have some meaningful results there.
Russell Pantermuehl: Yeah. I'll answer the second question first. There's really no efficiency difference whether you drill three stacked laterals or three laterals in the same zone. The efficiency is basically the same. On the productivity side, as you know, we've always indicated that we thought on the eastern side of the basin it may be more important to drill stacked laterals because of the relative absence of frac barriers between the intervals. So our plans have always been to start out going stacked laterals on the east side of the Basin, Howard and Glasscock Counties, and as you see from our press releases, we've tested some stacked laterals on the west side of the Basin, and we've got a four-well stack we've drilled in that southwest Martin County acreage. And we're actually going to frac two of the intervals, first the Wolfcamp B and Lower Spraberry and then come back about a month later and frac the Wolfcamp A and Middle Spraberry. And we'll tag those fracs and monitor the results to try to get a better gauge of how much communication we're seeing vertically between those zones. And so based on tests like those, hopefully we'll make the best decision going forward. But if you ask us right now, we probably still lean towards for the most part drilling same zone on the western side of the basin and stacked laterals on the east side.
Russell Pantermuehl: Well, as you know, we just talked about the - we drilled those five wells across it at 500-foot spacing in Spanish Trail, and as I mentioned, the results there are very early. We did land those essentially all at the same landing point, and so we'll continue to monitor those results. And we may do some tests as well where we stagger the landing zone within the Lower Spraberry. And we've had several other tests as well where we've done a two-well pad or a three-well pad at 500-foot spacing. And I think we show kind of the general results of those - I think it's one of the slides in the appendix. Actually, I think it's slide 18 where we show the average result of all the wells drilled at 500-foot spacing versus the ones drilled at 600-foot - 60-foot spacing versus what we called singular wells, which are wells that don't have an offset well within, say within 1,300 feet. And if you look at that, you don't see really any material difference between the ones that are at 500 feet versus 660 feet. But as we've always said, we don't consider those ones that - where we just did a two- or three-well pad or crude test, and that's why we'll be monitoring the results of these five wells at 500-foot spacing very closely. And we've got another four-well scenario at 500-foot spacing that we'll be doing at Spanish Trail as well.
Russell Pantermuehl: Yeah. You know we did those I think three Wolfcamp B wells that we've increased our total stim size by roughly 40% to 50%. Those continue to track what we've indicated before, where we were seeing on average roughly 10% to 15% improvement in productivity. For a similar increase it can cost. Now the thing that we saw there was that there was a lot of variation in the wells. Some of them were performing roughly in line and then we had one that was probably 50% better than anything else we have seen. So we haven't done any follow-up test in the Wolfcamp B primarily because we've shifted our focus to the Lower Spraberry. We just bought on line, I think actually last night or sometime yesterday, a three well Lower Spraberry pad with the increased profit concentration. So we'll monitor those results and hopefully have some color on that next quarter.
Russell Pantermuehl: Yeah. If you look at our average well for this year, it'll be right around 7,000 feet. You'll see that number go up next year. A lot of our Howard County acreage and Glasscock County acreage is laid out nicely to drill 10,000 foot laterals. I don't know the number off the top of my head on how many 10,000 foot laterals we drilled this year, but we drilled quite a few. And operationally, everything seems to be working fine. So we're migrating to longer laterals where we can, depending on how our acreage is laid out.
Russell Pantermuehl: I would say probably 30% to 40%. Our Southwest Martin County acreage, the way it's laid out, it makes sense to do 7,500 foot laterals. And then some of our Northwest Martin, those are laid out in [indiscernible] versus sections, so a lot of those are 8,000 feet. Northeast Andrews County is kind of a mix between 7,500 and 10,000. And the same thing on the east side of the basin. But as we're laying out drilling units, we're trying to lay them out with 10,000 laterals wherever we can, and trying to swap acreage with other operators to make that happen.
Russell Pantermuehl: If you look at the majority of our Midland County and Southwest Martin County, those have had a lot of vertical well development. But the same thing affected the Lower Spraberry as well. And so we haven't seen a big difference in horizontal well productivity in the areas where we had vertical development versus where we didn't. So we don't think it's a big effect. We just don't think those vertical wells affectively depleted the shale intervals where we're replacing the horizontal laterals. So I think there is some effect there, but it's not a big effect. If you look at where the Middle Spraberry reported results have been, in Martin and Midland, those are areas that had vertical well development. So we think the results are already reflecting that.
Russell Pantermuehl: Yeah. It was probably about the same as $70 to $80. Even though the costs have come down considerably in that 25% to 35% range as we indicated, but oil is down almost 50%. So you're not seeing the same returns that you did at $90 or $100 oil, but as we indicated in that table, even at $50 oil, we've got a lot of inventory that has pretty nice returns. If you gave us a choice, we'd take the $90 oil back at the higher costs.
Russell Pantermuehl: Yeah. I think the one thing we would certainly do is just try to stagger that Wolfcamp A lateral between wherever it would be or Lower Spraberry laterals are. We're not certain that will make a difference, but I think it gives us the best opportunity. And one thing is as we've been testing different things on the completion side in addition to more profit-loading. We're also testing tighter cluster spacing and I think that's probably something that we consider as well just to try to get as much stimulation near the lateral as we can. We don't want to necessarily try to get a lot of frac height growth. You don't have a whole lot of options on limiting that, but we'd also do everything we could on that side to keep the frac within that Wolfcamp A interval.
Russell Pantermuehl: Yeah. I mean there is going to be some effect because we are going to be booking quite a bit more Lower Spraberry PUDs than we had before. If you remember last year, we had a pretty low number of Spraberry PUDs just because we hadn't drilled that many Lower Spraberry wells. So as we look at this year and you look at how many Lower Spraberry wells we completed, we'll have quite a few more PUDs in the Lower Spraberry, so that will affect the DD&A rate...
Russell Pantermuehl: Yeah. I mean with the drop in oil prices since last year, that SEC rolling first of month price is still going down. It was almost $72 a barrel at the end of 2Q. At the end of 3Q, it was $59 a barrel, so over about a $12 per barrel drop. And if you look at our projection for what it's going to be at the end of this year, the SEC price will probably be slightly below $51 a barrel, so it's continued to trend down and that's the biggest driver of the impairment. We've been increasing reserves, but our PV10 values have gone down due to pricing.
Russell Pantermuehl: Yeah. Just one other comment on that. So we're probably averaging maybe $13 a barrel right now for NGL. One thing that really affects that average NGL price is the amount of Ethane recovery. And the plant that most of Vipers lines were going to was not doing a lot of Ethane rejection, which they have recently started. So there may be a tick-up in the average price, although the NGL volumes will go down as well. So it might be a little better than $13. And you know, typically NGL prices improve in the winter months as well, particularly from a propane side. So I'd expect a tick-up in the next couple of quarters, and hopefully, we're at the beginning of a longer-term recovery in NGL prices.
