Teresa Dick: Thanks, Travis. Our net income for the quarter was $5.4 million or $0.15 per share. Net income for the period included an unrealized gain on commodity derivatives of $1.5 million. Excluding the unrealized gain and the related income tax affect, adjusted net income was $4.4 million or $0.12 per diluted share. Revenues for the first quarter totaled $28.9 million, as compared to fourth quarter of 2012, up $27 million. Our sequential quarter-over-quarter $2 million increase is supported by higher price realization and increased production volume. The net dollar effect of the increases in both price and production was $0.9 million and $1.1 million respectively. Our average realized price, before the effective hedges, was $67.09 per boe compared to $63.96 per boe for the prior quarter. Our average realized price, including the effective hedges, was $63.51 per boe compared to $61.43 per boe for the prior quarter. EBITDA for the quarter was $20.3 million. Our LOE was $12.61 per boe as compared to $15.68 per boe in the fourth quarter of 2012. Our LOE per boe is in line with our LOE guidance of between $11 and $13. Our general and administrative costs came in at $5.73 per boe. We expect unit cost to decline with higher volumes and trend toward our guidance of $3 to $5 per BOE in the second quarter. Our production tax and the DD&A are both in-line with guidance. At quarter’s end, we have $36.5 million in debt leaving a $104 million of liquidity in the form of cash on hand and additional borrowing capacity. With our borrowing base redetermination recently completed an increase to $180 million, our liquidity has increased by an additional $45 million. Our current debt outstanding today is $44 million. Our debt-to-capitalization ratio was 7% at the end of the quarter. In the first three months of 2013, we generated $17 million of cash flow or $0.46 a share. We spent $74.1 million. This includes approximately $15 million for drilling and completion, $18.6 million to Gulfport for the final settlement of a post closing cash adjustment in connection with the acquisition of their properties, and the remainder on infrastructure, facilities and acquisitions. I’ll now the turn the call back over to Travis for his closing remarks.
Teresa Dick: Yeah. We’re running about $2 million to $2.1 million running there on actuals. And we’re picking up pennies right now in the vertical program. So, I won’t say that we’ll never be happy with cost performance. In a general sense, we always try to reduce cost, but we’re really pretty close to the edge right now.
Teresa Dick: Yeah. In our plants right now for this year, we don’t anticipate doing any 20-acre infill wells. In fact most of the vertical program we’ll have in front of us is just simply to hold acreage. But we are actively involved in conversations with some private operators around town that are active in down spacing. And so, we’re in conversations with those guys. And in a general sense, the jury is still out on there, but I think as we think about it, somewhere around an 80% reduction from the 40-acre well is reasonable. So, you’ll just have to do the economics on costs and recoveries to see if that’s an economic in nature, but it’s not a decision that we’re faced with right now. It’s still future economic inventory for our shareholders going forward. Right now, we’re drilling the highest rate return investments we can and right now those are the Wolfcamp B horizontal wells.
Travis Stice: Thanks Tracy. To summarize and like I said in my opening comments, we’re pleased with our performance during the first quarter of this year as we migrated the company to increase our horizontal development and we’re well on our way to delivering our volume growth projections. We’ve ramped our production through these results, above these horizontal wells, our expenses were down. We’re executing at or near the top in our anticipated drilling results, development costs in both horizontal and vertical wells are trending down. And we’ve added liquidity with our increased borrowing base. We feel like we have the right assets and the right people to deliver on very exciting 2013. Before I open the call to questions, please note that we filed an S-1 Registration Statement with the SEC on April 11th in conjunction with the proposed follow-on equity offering to raise additional equity to accelerate horizontal activity. We’re still on the filing process with the SEC and maybe precluded from answering some of your questions. On behalf of the board and employees of Diamondback Energy, I’d like to thank you for your participation today. This concludes our prepared comments. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Travis Stice: Yeah, Ryan, good question. In Midland, we’ve got about 10,000 acres and in Upton County, we also have about 10,000 acres, and those are net acres.
Travis Stice: Well, if you noticed when I said Andrews County, we’re testing both. We’re testing Wolfcamp B sort of on the eastern edge of Andrews County where we think the shale thickness and offset activity has really given us some excitement to test that zone and as we move a little further west in Andrews County where we’ve got a large acreage block, the Clearfork Shale looks really exciting. We’ve done a lot of signs on the Clearfork there including a vertical well test in the Clearfork Shale alone and which tested at about 50 barrels a day and we’ve also done some sidewall core analysis and some advanced to shale logging all of which indicate that this is a really perspective shale zone for us. And we were also watching offset operator activity as well as they test the Clearfork Shale. And as you move kind of off the shale’s edge into where our acreage is that Clearfork get’s deeper and thicker which we think both are accretive to our acreage position.
Travis Stice: Yes. That well was effectively stimulated as a standard. It was our standard completion technique with about roughly 300,000 pounds of sand per stage. It’s a sort of a long lateral, you see the lateral length in our earnings release and it was drilled and completed without incident and we’ve had it on now for about a week and a half, it’s about 15% load recovery and its increasing oil every day. I think last night, it made about 520 barrels of oil and it’s still flowing at Casings.
Travis Stice: Yes. Specifically on the drilling side, what the drilling organization is doing is with the extreme focus on just almost every connection on the drill pipe, they’ve improved deficiency. So, I can tell you how many minutes it takes to make a connection. And so what that really translates to is behavior that actually cuts days out of the total execution. So when I talk about 16.5 day well, that’s out there to 7,500 feet. It’s through a lot of hard work and diligence on the drilling side of the organization. And then on the completion side, what these guys are doing is continue to optimize the completion methodology without sacrificing EUR or initial production range. Specifically what we’re doing is, is we’ve tested with kind of cutting out stages, but still pumping the same amount of propane and fluid and what that really does, it cuts time out of the completion and when you cut time out of the completion, you also cut dollars. So when you combine all that together with the extreme focus on cost that we have on our execution, you start seeing the results that we’re seeing right now with quarter-over-quarter improvements.
Travis Stice: Sure. Our currently recipes like I said about 300,000 pounds per stage in the kind of the inter stage distances about 250 feet and we’re using slick water transport fluid and 40/70 sand, white sand.
Travis Stice: Well, we ask ourselves that question almost every day and what’s hard for us to try to justify is when you’re bringing on wells, we’re making a 1,000 barrels a day to go test other benches. And really what I think we are doing right now is there is a lot of industry activity that’s been announced out there where other benchers are being tested. And so I’m going to continue to try to keep my drill bid in the Wolfcamp B and I follow very closely what the industry reports in these other benches and we’ll be able to respond very quickly if somebody has comes up with the zone, that’s better than a Wolfcamp B, but right now, I’m going to try to keep my drill bid in the Wolfcamp B there and Midland County.
Travis Stice: Sure. We originally started with the gas lift. We did that one to sort of minimize operational risk. And two, we’re looking at to save an extra rig up on one of these top wells typically runs around $25,000 to $30,000 and we avoided that by going to gas lift, because we’re drilling that with stick pipe. That’s our standard method right now and the reason we’re drilling that with stick pipe is because as we test these longer 10,000 foot laterals, we know we can’t use coil to clean up that whole lateral. So, we’re building our game up to drill out these well with the stick pipe, which is what we’re doing. So, what we do when we already have a rig on there, since we’re using stick pipe, we’ll just run in there with tube and with gas lift valves and lift the well – start producing the well up to tubing. If I just lift the well flow, I have to wait for it to flow and then deplete on flow back and then rig up again where that incremental cost comes in and put us a pump on there. Now, having said all of that, what we really did was, we set up two test wells where we could kind of measure them side by side. The 25-1H, which is on sub-pump and the 25-2H which is on the gas lift and what we’re looking at is, we’re looking at the total tube production into the first 90-day period and kind of get a gauge on whether or not the sub-pumps are kind of differential better than the gas lift. But I can tell you what we’re seeing right now, these early rates just appears at the sub-pumps are capable of moving more fluid early on, and I said early on probably in the first 30 days then the gas lift wells are. So, our operations program is migrating towards more sub-pumps.
Travis Stice: I think for your planning purposes kind of two wells per month on these vertical wells. We’re averaging, like I said in the first quarter, spud to TD of about nine days, it gives us a day or so to run case in a couple of days to move the rig. So, just from a planning purpose I think you can go about two vertical wells per month.
Travis Stice: Yeah. That’s a fair question. But right now for your planning purposes, I just stay with two per month.
Travis Stice: Well, so far, only – when we said we go longer, we’ve gone from a one-mile lateral or the 5,000 foot laterals to the 7,500 foot. And no, we’ve not really changed the recipe there. The next well we’ve got on our drilling schedule is a 10,000 foot are down in Upton County. And we’re working to design that right now. So, there maybe a – there may be a slight change in the 10,000 foot design.
Travis Stice: Yes. The pipeline started filling in April. And the producers that have committed the firm transportation to the line were notified late April and we nominated barrels starting in May. So, in May, it’ll be the first time we realize the uptick in LLS versus WTI. And what Magellan is telling us is that there is a kind of milestone production points that they’re going to reach. The first is 75,000 barrels a day, which they hope to reach end of this month, early next month and then they’ll go to 135,000 barrels, which is kind of in the July timeframe. And then they anticipate be in at 225,000 barrels kind of in late October. And what they’ll do at each one of those milestones is they’ll come back to the producers and they’ll increase the allotment up until and for down back up until we’re at our 8,000 barrels a day of firm transportation, when they’re at 225,000 barrels a day of full capacity.
Travis Stice: Yeah. What we’ve seen, Ipsit, is that there is a cost efficiency as you increase the lateral lengths. And we’ve seen that when we went from 5,000 foot laterals to 7,500 foot laterals. And as I just mentioned, we’re getting ready to test our first 10,000 foot lateral in Upton County. And we anticipate seeing that same cost efficiency as we add another 2,500 feet of lateral length. Now, granted every time you add lateral lengths, you increase risk a little bit. So that’s kind of the offset there. But in a general sense, we let our lateral lengths be dictated by our lease geometry. So, our sort of preferred lateral length is in that 7,500 to 8,000 foot range, because most of our – most of our leaseholds are kind of three miles stand-up sections and we can develop three miles with two 7,500 foot laterals where we can now is rather than drill too short laterals. We’re going to try to drill just one long 10,000 foot lateral. And we think there is a material cost improvement on our cost efficiency improvement there. But we’ve got to get one on the board first. And so, when I look ahead for this year, I think we’ve got, Russell, we’ve got five – roughly five 10,000 foot laterals on the Board for the rest of this year. But the first one in Upton County is the one that we’re really – we’re really – we’re going to test.
Travis Stice: Right now, my operations organization is saying, they’re locking what they see and that’s probably going to be in all future wells we’ll go with the sub pump.
Travis Stice: That’s one of those things that I mentioned earlier. In this quite period with the SEC, I can’t comment on any of that until we actually get effective and then get on the road with our story.
Travis Stice: We’re putting the final touches on the ASC right now. But it’s kind of like in that $9 million range. And as I reported, our current first quarter performance on the shorter laterals are $6 million. So, if you kind of just look at those two endpoints, our $9 million 10,000 footer versus a $12 million for two 5,000 foot laterals. So, I mean, that’s where you start seeing the economies of scale there, which makes the risk profile worth probably taken.
Travis Stice: Well you’re right in your comment about it. The acreage have been pretty tightly held, but I think it’s fair for our shareholders to expect Diamondback is involved in our every negotiation, our every conversation about acquisitions here in the Midland Basin. In terms of picking up acreage, I think I announced last quarter that we picked up about 2,500 acres, and I think we have added about 150 acres to 200 acres just this quarter as well to. So it’s – we are picking up parcels in bolt-on acreage, and we are active in the game of in the A and D arena as well.
Travis Stice: Great, I know this is a busy time and a busy day for a lot of the equity analysts out there. So I appreciate the attention this morning that Diamondback got. And I also appreciate everybody else those on the call expressing your interest in Diamondback Energy. If you got any questions, we’re in the office this all week. We got Adam Wallace now and his contact information is on our website. So if you got any further questions, I encourage you to reach out there. But just really thanks guys for the interest in Diamondback Energy. And we look forward to having some more conversations with you guys in the future.
Matt Portillo: Perfect. And then just on the Wolfberry. I was wondering if you can just give us an update on kind of where your AFE costs are coming in there and do you guys continue to see some cost efficiency if you can wring out on kind of the Wolfberry wells.
Matt Portillo: Great. And then I know you guys are focusing obviously on the Wolfcamp horizontals and that’s been covered in detail here. I was just curious on the Wolfberry as we think about kind of the 20-acre down spacing opportunity. I know that kind of at the time in the IPO that was something you may have been looking at late this year or early in 2014. I was wondering if that was still kind of in the plans and if you’ve seen any other offset operators testing some of the additional 20-acre down spacing that would give you confidence in limited interference on the wells.
Matt Portillo: Perfect. And then just my last question, we’ve seen some softness in the A and D market as of late with some sale private opportunities. And I assume that may provide you guys some opportunity to take up additional leasehold acreage, although we are clearly operating, it is a still pretty hot market. Just wondered if you could give us any commentary on kind of how you see the A and D market at the moment, and really the opportunity that you see for picking up incremental acreage within Midland or maybe some of the other basins within the Permian.
