Travis Stice: Thank you, Adam. Welcome, everyone, and thank you for listening to Diamondback's First Quarter 2019 Conference Call. After closing the Energen acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2018, we ensured that Diamondback got off to a fast start in 2019 and showcased the strength of our operations organization and the low-cost structure on a larger scale. We navigated the $30 drop in fourth quarter oil prices by immediately cutting activity to start 2019 while still growing production 5% from our December 2018 exit rate of 250,000 barrels a day, all while integrating our $9 billion acquisition of Energen and the addition of over 300 employees to the Diamondback family. I'm going to pause and take a minute to give credit to all of the employees within Diamondback for working together with the new, significantly larger group of colleagues and executing on this plan seamlessly. Both the Diamondback and former Energen employees have learned best practices from each other, and the results have shown through in the capital and operating costs presented in our first full quarter as a combined company. Our first quarter results and revised expectations for capital cost reflect the execution of the synergies presented in the merger presentation with Energen last August. Diamondback is on pace to achieve our previously disclosed synergy targets earlier than expected, and we will look to continue to push efficiency and drive down cash operating costs. Diamondback spent $627 million on CapEx in the first quarter and generated $675 million of EBITDA with $8 per barrel cash operating costs, including $0.55 per barrel G&A. We completed 82 wells in the quarter and are maintaining our expectations to bring on between 290 and 320 wells this year from a $2.7 billion to $3 billion capital budget. Capital discipline is important to Diamondback, and we have no intention to exceed this budget or well count in 2019 regardless of commodity price. From a Corporate Development perspective, we executed on our grow and prune strategy by signing definitive agreements to divest the conventional assets acquired from Energen as well as noncore acreage in Crockett and Reagan counties. These transactions are expected to close by July 1, and as a result, we have lowered our full year production guidance to account for the production expected to be lost from these properties in the back half of the year. We also lowered our full year LOE guidance by $0.25 a barrel to account for the higher operating cost structure of these assets. Secondly, we also contributed the oil gathering and saltwater disposal assets acquired in the Energen acquisition into our midstream subsidiary, Rattler Midstream, with market-based contracts in place. Lastly, we are actively working on dropping down the remaining mineral and royalty assets held at the Diamondback level to Viper and expect to do so at some point in 2019. Most important in this quarter, our Board of Directors has authorized up to $2 billion capital return program to be executed in the form of a stock repurchase program in the end of year 2020. This program is a direct reflection of the confidence we have in our business plan and free cash flow outlook given the improvement in commodity prices from the original 2019 budgeting process, our capital budget control and the expected improvement in our oil realizations as legacy fixed differential contracts have rolled off and we move more of our barrels to the Gulf Coast. With this announcement, we have set a clear use of proceeds for this free cash flow and expect to generate over $750 million of free cash flow from operations in 2020 at $55 WTI. Over the long term, the consistent growth of our dividend will remain our primary return of capital objective, but this repurchase program represents the next step in our total return strategy and the evolution into a large-cap commune pure-play. At a high level, our capital allocation philosophy is grounded on achieving pure leading year-over-year growth, supporting a growing dividend, reducing debt consistently and continuing to replace and maintain a deep inventory at Tier 1 acreage. Excess free cash flow above this will be returned to stockholders. Diamondback will not spend every dollar of free cash flow on growth or acquisitions. Put simply, we feel buying back our stock is the best acquisition opportunity we see today given our outlook and the multiple visible catalysts ahead. With these comments now complete, operator, please open the line for questions.
Travis Stice: Sure, Neal. Obviously, we're not going to give multiyear guidance on what our growth rate is going to be. But I think if you look at what our growth rate was last year, between 40% and 50%, this year, it's around 26%, look, the law of big numbers eventually catch up with you. And we're still going to be growing in the upcoming years, but I think the key word here is growth. I think we're going to continue -- we are going to continue to spend less than we make, and we're going to continue to return capital to shareholders as part of our total return philosophy.
Travis Stice: We've been pretty clear that doing a little acquisition, the bolt-ons, where we can take advantage of Diamondback's operation prowess, are just part of our DNA, so we're going to continue to do those. As any good capital allocator, I think it's important to always look at your portfolio and look at those late-life assets to figure out whether or not they make more sense in your hands or someone else's hands. And what we just did, the majority of those late-life assets or low-value assets by selling $322 million of them. And then on the larger deals, I'm not really going to speculate on the larger deals that are out there. I think very clearly my job is to create value with working for shareholders that own the company. And today, we really feel like that's best accomplished through best-in-class execution or low-cost operations and delivering on the outlet that we just presented. My job, really -- I can't really speculate on what goes on in the industry M&A. It's rather to discuss what I know and what I can control and what my responsibility is, which is to drive shareholder value.
Travis Stice: Yes. Certainly, execution is a lot harder than the spreadsheet. And I think we learned that in our early days. But again, Derrick, I just want to focus on what I know, and that's -- my job is to represent what Diamondback does and control these best-in-class operations and really pristine execution. And really, all I know about what's going on in the larger space is what I read in the press, and I don't want to be the industry spokesman talking about what goes on in the M&A world. I'm really focused on what message I can deliver to the, say, the shareholders that own Diamondback. And that's what we're trying to accomplish.
Travis Stice: Yes. Gail, it's not just one thing. And I think that's actually where you can get yourself in trouble if you just inordinately focus on one thing. It's really the combination of all the things that fit into that low-cost operations and really good execution. And I believe we've got an organization that understands their role in delivering on those. And so our focus is continually on those items that drive efficiency even if sometimes if you had to spend more because it's an emerging technology. If it translates to low overall cost, well, we'll embrace that as well, too. So there's nothing, we're just trying to squeeze every penny. We, of course, try to do that, but we also look for the best way to do things that have -- are going to have the greatest impact on our overall portfolio. And I'm really impressed with our new organization that essentially doubled in size in November as to how quickly everyone now, all the Diamondback employees, embraced that concept.
Travis Stice: Yes. Obviously, we're very impressed with the initial wells that we drilled down there, some of the best wells we've actually drilled in Pecos County. And we're going to continue to develop that with our business partner, and we've got some midstream down there that our Rattler business is actively developing now. And also Viper has been acquiring minerals down in that area as well, too, so which -- it's a good example of how Diamondback's different companies are really driving a lot of value for our investors.
Travis Stice: Yes. Again, Jeff, as I said, as big capital allocators, you've always got to be aware of that. But I'll tell you right now, where our G&A is focused is we've got a lot of other initiatives we're working on right now. That's -- I'm very proud that we're able to get that divestiture done. It represents delivery on one of the synergies that we talked about at the acquisition time. And so like I said, any opportunity, we'll take a look at. But right now, we're focused on delivering on some of these other corporate objectives, like maintaining our focus on low-cost operations.
Travis Stice: Look, Brian, we've grown the company from essentially no horizontal rigs to where we are today, over 20 horizontal rigs. And regardless of what the right cadence is, and I think that's dependent on each company, our objective is whether it's 1 rig or 20 rigs, is to be the low-cost operator of that rig. And our unique organizational focus remains on being best-in-class executors and the lowest-cost operators, whether we're running 1 rig, 20 rigs or 40 rigs. So I don't know how to calibrate what the right number of rigs are, but I do know that whatever number of rigs Diamondback is running, we're going to be best-in-class and the lowest-cost operator. Just to add to that, the other thing is that scale also requires you being able to be in control of your infrastructure, which is the reason that we have an infrastructure company set up so that we can maintain control of that. Larger you get, the bigger and bigger piece of your importance to your strategy and your and execution development is being able to control the infrastructure. And that's why we're -- that's why we've got a nice infrastructure company inside Diamondback.
Travis Stice: Yes. So look, we're committed to this capital share return program, and I think we've allowed ourselves enough flexibility to figure out what the best way to drive that value to our shareholders is going to be, whether it's in the form of cash or share repurchases. And that's something the Board will continue to evaluate. But the key here is that this is not just a onetime event. This is the Board's signaling that this is an ongoing return of capital strategy that's underpinned by our free cash flow growth profile and our production growth profile well into the future.
Travis Stice: Yes. Drew, again, I just don't -- it's just not my role to speculate on basin-wide M&A activities. I think the signal that we've put forth today is that we believe that repurchasing our shares represents the greatest value in the M&A front. And that's a $2 billion acquisition that we're talking about.
Travis Stice: Well, certainly, the cash flow profile of any acquisition target now is among the top things that we evaluate. We're -- we want cash flow per share accretion, and -- but then all the other thing still need to matter, right? I mean it's got to be accretive on reserves, and it's got to be in the top quartile of our portfolio so that we can immediately allocate capital to it and bring our operations excellence to the assets. So I think as we reach to scale that we're at right now and this continued commitment of living within cash flow that we've demonstrated -- announced it since 2015, the cash flow component of an acquisition targets is really important.
Travis Stice: And back on the targets, I can't count the number of times I've used the word accretive. It's got to be an accretive trade and there's certainly those metrics I laid out to you, we've got to look for accretion on that. And then we'll never do anything that'll put Mike's organization at risk of not being best-in-class executor. So...
Travis Stice: It'll probably be a fourth quarter event this year, maybe first quarter next year. But we're still excited about that block we put together. Really, really low cost. And we're pleased to see offset results that continue to support our thesis as to why that was a good area to explore.
Travis Stice: Thank you again to everyone participating in today's call. If you've got any questions, please contact us using the information provided.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. Neal, I'll take that one. Yes, I mean the capital budget, $2.7 billion to $3 billion, is drilling and completion, midstream and infrastructure. On top of that, we have our equity investments in the Gray Oak and the EPIC pipelines, which are going to be held in our Rattler subsidiary. And we really don't consider onetime proceeds, whether that's asset sales or asset purchases, in that budget. So really, the key message is free cash flow is going to be operating cash flow less the CapEx budget and the dividend that we plan to grow continuously.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. The revolver right now is $1.9 billion, Brian. We're going to get that down by $700 million or $800 million with onetime proceeds on the free cash flow piece. It's really what we see in the model in Q2 through Q4 of this year and then 2020 at nearly any commodity price, let alone strip. The majority of that free cash flow is going to go back to shareholders in the form of this buyback.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. Jeff, no, we're not planning to go over that 320 gross well count for the year. I think it would be very hard for us to hit the lower half our budget with that higher half of the completed well count. That's certainly our target. So we like to think about things at the midpoint and beating the midpoint on the best side of that guidance. So with the $2.7 billion to $3 billion budget, we're thinking internally here, we got to beat $2.85 billion.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. Ryan, we made a promise in December that we're going to cut activity and cut activity right away. And we've delivered on that in the first quarter. We dropped 2 spreads immediately and dropped 3 drilling rigs. I think the combined organization, we've learned a lot of things from the Energen folks and vice versa. And we've started to push down costs on the service cost side. So a lot of it's going to be permanent but some help from the service side in the first quarter.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. Ryan, I'm not going to comment on any peer's commentary. That's up to their opinion. For us, speaking about Diamondback Energy, we certainly have seen a benefit of scale between where we were in August prior to the Energen merger and post that deal. We're certainly seeing the benefits on the cost side and a ton of benefits on the operations side of the two companies being put together.
Kaes Van’t Hof: David, I'll take the first question first. And the $20, the additional $20 in the Midland side was what we captured in January. So that is already in place, and we've demonstrated that this quarter. On the Delaware side going forward, so again, we're not going as far along in the development of the Delaware side as we are on the Midland side. So again, based on terms kind of third, fourth inning. So we're seeing a lot of changes in how we're drilling the wells, pad development, completion techniques, casing designs, removing casing strings, reducing what we're doing on these wells and getting better results. So you're going to see a higher rate of change over the next near-term period in the Delaware compared to the Midland side. But the numbers that we presented today is what we saw in first quarter.
Kaes Van’t Hof: It's really just the benefit of having more wells on longer and slowing down the natural growth rate, right? I mean if you look back to 2016 to today, we went from 4 operated rigs to 22. That's going to really increase the treadmill over that time period. Now with us at 21 rigs today and not looking to add 6 or 7 rigs a year anymore, naturally, your PDP decline rate is going slow. So I mean we see that declining by about 5% from 2019 to 2020.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Asit, I mean the biggest things we're factoring in is we're at 21 rigs today. I don't expect us to add more than 1 or 2 rigs in 2020. From a capital perspective, it's natural that if oil stays where it is, that service cost being recalibrated a bit to the higher side. So there's some conservatism baked into that number. Most importantly, our oil marketing contracts get significantly better in Q2 this year. But looking into 2020, we'll be exporting a majority of our barrels down to the Gulf Coast. That's going to help us from a realization perspective.
Kaes Van’t Hof: I'll let Mike handle the optimal pad size, but from a completed lateral length, we're going to be around that 9,500-foot level for a while. Our goal from a business development perspective is to make sure we have 10,000-foot laterals at least across our whole portfolio. So we're going to be moving at the margin, but every 100 feet certainly makes a difference from a capital efficiency perspective.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Tim, yes, we're certainly pleased with those well results. It's really going to be up to our partner and Carlyle to elect to go to the next tranche of wells, and we're expecting that imminently over the long term. And I think we're confident enough in the northern half of that acreage that if we didn't have a partner, we'd drill it ourselves. We've bought a lot of minerals and have a lot of midstream in place and the well results compete with the main block.
Kaes Van’t Hof: It would be just drilling out the northern half and some southern half wells. From a Diamondback perspective, it'd be a very low capital amount.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Drew, that's the number for now. If we outperform, then we'll go back and talk to our Board and adjust accordingly. But we see at strip. And with the catalyst we have on the proceeds side, we certainly see visibility to executing on that number through the end of 2020.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Jeoff, we've always reacted to WTI to flex up or down at the margin. I think what's changing now is that our plan is pretty set, and there's not going to be a wild swing in rig count up. Now there might be a wild swing in rig count down if we have to adjust if this commodity falls out of bed. But overall, we feel like we're creating an execution machine that's going to complete a little over 300 wells this year and a little bit of growth on top of that next year.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. No, I certainly think we're going to grow into Q2. We completed 82 wells in Q1, with 19 of those wells coming on in the last 2 weeks of the year. So we're certainly going to grow into Q2. Q3 will be the first month without the 6,500 barrels a day of production that we listed as for sale. That's expected to close July 1, so I expect us to grow into Q3, just not as much as Q2. And then another consistent quarter into Q4.
Kaes Van’t Hof: We certainly have a substantial enough position that we can execute on the capital plan there. It's not as big as our other core development areas. Our business development team is actively working to trade and block up that acreage to increase the operated positions. I think we -- with the Energen acquisition, we acquired a lot more non-op than we traditionally have had at Diamondback. So we're doing our best to translate that non-op position into a slightly larger operated position. We're certainly not opposed to operating in New Mexico because of the well results in that area. And we're kind of planning to do that if we can build that position a little bit.
Kaes Van’t Hof: There's an operated position there today. Our job is to make sure that operated position grows, and so it's more attractive for us to develop long term.
Kaes Van’t Hof: I think on top of that, Charles, if you think about it from an engineering perspective, we feel that we're trading in the high-teens PV with a 9% cost of capital. So buying back our stock is a great use of that capital.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. Richard, I think from the infrastructure perspective, the Rattler budget, which is the midstream budget, is going to be fairly consistent through the year on a quarterly basis. We spent about a quarter of that budget in Q1. On the infrastructure side, we expect that piece to pick up a bit in Q2 and Q3. That number was about 19% of the total budget for the year. And then on the D&C side, I think we're going to have a little bit higher working interest and a little bit higher average lateral length in the second quarter. So I think it's logical that the D&C gross CapEx number picks up a bit with that higher working interest.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Michael, I think we've always been a fast follower, and we're very focused on the highest rate of return zones. We're certainly codeveloping more zones and as well as A&D. I think in that other category, we've seen some really good results from some offset operators that might change our plans in the future but not in a meaningful way. I think from an overall capital allocation perspective, the highest rate of return zones are still going to get the vast majority of our capital.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Not to my knowledge today. We expect to implement the buyback and sort of buying back stock in the second quarter here.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. I mean, it changes a little bit, fortunately, for us. By 2021, I don't think we're going to be worrying about the basis hedge anymore with all our barrels at the Gulf Coast. In 2020, there'll still be some barrels priced at the WTI Midland price. But as it relates to hedging, you'll see that we hedged about 25% of our 2020 production in the quarter with pretty wide collars. I think protecting the downside is more important to us than the straight swaps. But we're still going to probably try to hedge about 50% of our production on a go-forward basis. And most of that via the collars and then a little bit of swaps on top.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. Leo, we don't give quarterly guidance. And I'm going to stick to the plan that we're going to complete 290 to 320 gross wells. We're probably leaning towards the higher half of that at the lower half of our budget. And that's our plan right now. From a cadence perspective, we're running 8 spreads. It's about the number that we're going to run, so it's going to be a pretty consistent turn in lines throughout the year.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. I mean, I don't want to commit to a number of how much we're going to buy back quarter over quarter. I think in 2019, we're looking to get started really quickly here. And then in 2020, as we consistently grow and have a consistent amount of free cash flow throughout the year, the buyback program becomes more programmatic. And that along with the dividend becomes a part of our multiyear total return philosophy.
