Travis Stice: Thank you, Adam. Welcome everyone and thank you for listening to Diamondback and Viper Energy Partners' fourth quarter 2015 conference call. To begin, I want to discuss how Diamondback views the current environment and how we are responding before I turn the comments over to Mike and Tracy to highlight operational and financial details. 2016 began with oil prices testing recent lows. Diamondback Energy is well-positioned in this environment and continues to demonstrate that we are a low-cost operator with superior execution abilities. After our equity raise last month, Diamondback had over $250 million in cash at the end of January 2016 and an undrawn revolver. Our all-in cash costs including G&A, LOE, transportation and production taxes are currently below $10 of BOE. To further illustrate our cost structure, Diamondback has 140 employees producing almost 38,000 BOEs a day. We've always run a lean organization, and times like now remind us how that's a prudent practice to follow. We continue to emphasize our strategy of capital discipline, especially in light of current low oil prices and their impact on stockholder returns. We've consistently communicated that we accelerate development when returns to our stockholders are increasing and decelerate when returns weaken. We have widened our 2016 production and capital guidance ranges to allow for capital flexibility in our operations as rig count and completions cadence may fluctuate through the year. If you look at slide 5, we've outlined our actions on how we responded to a low price environment. We've reduced D&C costs and deferred drilling and completion activity while maintaining our leasehold position. This allows Diamondback to preserve capital flexibility, maintain our conservative balance sheet and keep leverage low. Also on slide 5, in a lower for longer $35 per barrel WTI price scenario, Diamondback believes it can maintain conservative net debt to EBITDA under 2 times through the end of the decade without accessing the capital market or drawing on our revolver. On slide 6, we provided a more detailed scenario analysis highlighting the number of locations economic at different WTI prices and added a lower price tranche of $25 to $35 WTI. At the midpoint of this range, Diamondback has almost 500 economic locations, and we have over 1500 economic locations at $40 WTI. We've been able to increase the number of gross locations at each oil price since the last presentation because leading-edge D&C costs are currently at $5.25 million per 7500-foot lateral, down from $6 million used previously. Turning briefly to M&A strategies, Diamondback Energy believes the current environment will present opportunities to grow our Company. We believe our execution ability and low cost structure make us a natural consolidator within the basin. However, we will only do deals that are accretive to our stockholders. Viper Energy Partners continues to look for accretive mineral opportunities inside and outside the Midland Basin. We also recognize the opportunity for Viper to provide liquidity to distressed sellers through the purchase of their royalty interest. As I stated previously, Diamondback has an undrawn revolver and over $250 million in cash. Diamondback will continue to run its business in a prudently conservative manner until we believe that oil prices have recovered, sufficient to allow us to return to a growth mode. We had hoped that oil price bottom was going to be at the end of 2015, but now we are hopeful that it will happen later this year. However, if our expectations are wrong, Diamondback can weather the storm. In a prolonged period of low oil prices, Diamondback expects to be the last man standing. I will now turn the comments over to Mike.
Travis Stice: Thank you, Tracy. In summary, Diamondback has taken the correct steps to respond to current low commodity prices. We're well-positioned to live in a $35 WTI world through the end of the decade and developed plans that reflect net debt to EBITDA less than 2 times without accessing capital markets or drawing on our revolver. We've laid out plans to respond to difficult commodity prices and are poised to return to growth mode when market conditions improve. Lastly we maintained our unwavering focus on execution, continuing to push our advantage in low-cost D&C operations in peer-leading expense structure and remain transparent with our business strategy. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Travis Stice: John, there's a lot of questions embedded in there. Let me talk from a high level from Diamondbacks perspective. What I talked about in January when we did our equity raise is that we were seeing an increase in the amount of smaller bolt-on transactions are what we call around here little A type acquisitions and we're continuing to see those. I think the fact that you are not seeing a lot of announced trades on larger acreage blocks probably tell you that the spread between bid and ask is still relatively high and believe the sellers probably have a price forecast that's above of what the acquirers are looking for. And the bigger sequel of combinations we continue to evaluate different opportunities there again to do so only in an accretive fashion. Diamondback has a long history from the very beginning of being and acquire and exploit company, so we’re increasing our efforts on the opposition fronts. We really just continuing what we've always done which is to look for accretive opportunities that we believe we can demonstrate that [indiscernible] Diamondbacks hands than in somebody's else through our conversion process of rocking the cash flow. How the other elements that you are describing are trying to move around in the acquisition space, probably best answer those guys, but Diamondback is committed to doing smart deals that are accretive and we believe that we are the right operator and if we find the right rock we will generate the right returns for it.
Travis Stice: Yes, just on any guidance in 2016, we don't typically build in conservative guidance at all, we try to put our best estimates forward and communicate that in a transparent fashion. Now specifically to what happened in the fourth quarter, Mike mentioned some in his prepared remarks but when we acquired our properties in Northwest Howard County kind of midsummer of last year, in our accrual process for accounted for expenses we were using the prior operators run rate on expenses and because our operations organization has had the opportunity now a couple of times to assimilate large high-cost vertical wells into our inventory, they really responded in a very quick fashion to get these wells operating like Diamondback expects. As result we kind of overshot what we were thinking expenses were going to be up in the third quarter and the fourth quarter was the beneficiary of that overshooting. So I would really characterize it as giving back any of the expenses we tend to try to hold onto every penny we ever pick up but that’s specifically what happened in the fourth quarter. We believe our guidance is $67 a barrel for 2016 is right down in the middle of the fairway.
Travis Stice: Well obviously Mike, we've got the company model that there not a big fan of giving multi-year forecast out there. I can tell you from a general perspective if Diamondback was to run one to two rigs, our production is flat to slightly declining, if we were to run two plus rigs it's going to be flat to a slight growth as you look out into the future. Obviously with a lot of capital flexibility this year predicting exactly what 2017 is going to look like is a little early to do on the 17th day of February. So we're going to try to model the company and give you updates of each quarterly update but I think in a general sense that one to two rigs flat to decline and two rigs more flat to up sort of forecast what the future is going to look like. To make that statement though we were at the lower end of our rig cage, kind of that 1, 2 rig cadence to get to that $35 comment that I made.
Travis Stice: At the low-end of the CapEx guide we probably end up with 30 to 40 DUCs by the end of this year. And if we were at the higher end of that guide we probably end up with 10 or less DUCs.
Travis Stice: Sure. I will put the endpoint on it Neal. If we were to run two to four rigs which would be towards the upper end of the guidance and of course as I stated in my commentary we would have to have some pretty good confidence in oil prices before we went to the upper end of the rig count but if we were running three to four rigs we keep the two rigs in Spanish Trail and we would have one rig in Glasscock, one rig in Howard and then if we moved the rig around we probably catch a well or two in Northeast Andrews County where we've had some really nice results. If you’ve to lower end, I mean if we get all the way down to one rig like we talked about potentially in midsummer if commodity prices continue to soften from this point, that rig would be mostly the drilling obligations which would be heavily weighted towards Howard County where we've got three wells drilled and drilling our second three well pad now and probably bouncing the rig occasionally in and out of Spanish Trail as well. So that's the way it looks Neal with the one rig all the way up to four rigs.
Travis Stice: Well of course without getting into any deal specifics we recognize that Diamondback is uniquely advantaged with those Viper units and that does represent something that we can do in a trade that nobody else can do ago whether it is a co-bid strategy, Viper bidding alongside Diamondback or even Diamondback using the Viper as a form of liquidity in a transaction. We’re seeing increased interest in Viper units at these low commodity prices as people involve themselves that commodity prices by be bottoming out and beginning to recover. I guess I can't give you any deal specifics Neal but I do think that there's a likelihood that some kind of transaction that Diamondback is involved in the future would include Viper ownership.
Travis Stice: With oil below $30 a barrel as I laid out in one of those slides, I think slides 5 or 6, you know we’re actually deferring some completions right now. So we will likely continue to defer completions through the end-of-the-year and in order to get to that 30 to 40 total DUCs we're going to be probably deferring 4 to 5 DUCs a quarter to get to that number. So that's kind of how we’re looking at a right now, Mike. The one thing about DUCs is that once we’re convinced that commodity price has recovered we believe that we can go out really quickly and prosecute an execution plan that gets these DUCs completed inside the current year. Again we're going to be very judicious in that decision process though.
Travis Stice: We tried to laid out as clearly as we could Gordon on rig counts, as oil price moves up with some confidence that it is going to remain there, we will pick those additional rigs up. I think the most likely scenario is the first lever we pull on under recovered oil prices is working on those DUCs and then the second lever would be stand up an additional rig. So in a general sense we've always talked about sort of whatever the first number on oil prices is about the number of rigs are going to run. I think that's still holds in slide 6.
Travis Stice: Gordon, again without giving a lot of commentary on what our exact acquisition bid strategy is, all of those things you just laid out are available to Diamondback as we try to do an accretive deal. I think it's deal specific and we will look at all of the combinations that you just laid out in order to create the greatest accretion to our shareholders.
Travis Stice: I appreciate the interest behind that question. Again I'm not going to talk a lot about how Diamondback views these things but I tell you Michael in a general sense what I believe is that the sellers always hold on to the last trade that was publicly announced. So if you have not seen any transactions occur on the acreage size, it is probably because most of the sellers are hanging on to it the last amounts trade was and I believe you can do your own reconnaissance on that but somewhere north of $30,000 [indiscernible]. So I think we will have to wait and see Michael until you see some transactions come across the Board whether or not that gap is really closed.
Travis Stice: I'm going to answer the macro question and then specifically on the low-end I'm going to let Tracy answer on the low-end side of the capital efficiency. On a macro view the more rigs that you run typically the more efficient your operations are because you are keeping a rig there on location longer and getting a three well pad drilled and you’re bring in a completions and it is a more efficient process when you can kind of keep a rig in the general area and let the drilling and completion cadence follow in an efficient manner. When you actually go to a world where you’re only running one rig you’re by definition given up some of those efficiencies because where you might want to keep a rig on their for two months to get three wells drilled you might actually have to only drill one well there, you may only have the time to drill one well there and move the rig to another location so you sort of give up some efficiencies there. That’s in a macro sense, I'd rather be more efficient running more rigs but now I've got about some cash burn so specifically to your question on the low-end of our CapEx guide I think there's another element that Tracy is going to explain to you.
Travis Stice: Yes, Michael on the first three well pad that we talked about that Mike talked about, first just again I'm going to reemphasize how pleased we’re with the early flow back data from those wells. I think they are at or above our expectations at each of the three intervals and we outlined that on the one slide that's in the deck. So what we did when we moved into that area we wanted to make sure that we try to get our best assessment relative to how we completed the wells in Midland County. So we actually followed the same recipe in Midland County on those Glasscock County wells and that gives us a better comparison. We didn’t talk about the two well pads [indiscernible] that we've only been flowing back for about a week now. We actually increased the same concentration the completion density on those two well pads so as we get the three well pad that's flowing back right now we get information out of that that's done with our traditional Midland County completion we will be able to compare it right next with a two well pad with the increased sand that we put there. So we think we are doing it kind of the smart way in terms of trying to assess the size of that when we kick in the full-scale development we will have the best recipe but I would tell you again just to reemphasize the Wolfcamp A, Wolfcamp B at or above expert [indiscernible] actually has been the most surprising zone in Glasscock County because it appears to be as good as the Wolfcamp B and A and certainly better than the wells the 15-mile radius around there. So really excited about the Lower Spraberry.
Travis Stice: Yes is probably -- we put that well on [indiscernible] 3.5 weeks ago so it is probably at its peak rate.
Travis Stice: I think the 25 to $35 range, that's the one to two rigs and that's going to put you up to lower end of that CapEx range. If you are in the 35 to $45 WTI range that's two to three rigs and that's going to push you towards the upper end of that CapEx range. We type that -- the production range that we did so are intellectually honest between breaks, CapEx -- and reduction guidance.
Travis Stice: And a general sense, we try to drill as long as we can help is geometry allows us so we have -- on the Board this year. We believe the capital efficiency is much better and we've demonstrated -- we always want to try to drill longer. That was one of the reasons we were so excited about how -- over half of those wells as we develop they are going to be of the 10,000 foot variety. On a looking into 2017 to drill longer. I'm looking into next month to do this was longer but it is somewhat limited by -- geometry.
Travis Stice: And certainly are business harder's on service side there under quite a bit of a stress right now and I know that as long as they have vital equipment in their guard their pressure is to get prices set so that equipment can go to work so I think there may be a little bit of movement still, but I totally for planning purposes and that's the way we are looking at it as well for planning purposes, I think the numbers that we gave you are good for the year. But [indiscernible] it gets it will be downward pressure but we believe the cost kind of in right now.
Travis Stice: I think we were try this but that out earlier as well but Jason with one rig that's going to be bouncing around the for the various lease obligations mostly and Howard County. If we are running two rigs one rig would be -- part one rig -- in Spanish Trail and then probably have 20 quarter of that trick will around even in Glasscock or Howard County. But you going to keep pretty much one rig and Howard County, most of the year and then any other rigs will be added to first Spanish Trail and then secondly to Glasscock County and Northeast Andrews County.
Travis Stice: Yes, it is probably a fair statement for the next 12 to 24 months. Of course, we are doing things -- if we were in an -- oil price we have to look at these extensions and things like that that will allow us to avoid drilling right away but in a general sense at least for planning purposes probably this year and the next we will keep our rig up there and Howard County which if we hadn't been able to demonstrated to yet until we complete these wells but we think that will be good economic proposition as well. Then also really outstanding well test we had Glasscock County noise got the competitive returns down there as well to we've got some abilities to have big our capital more -- as we look at returns to our shareholders.
Travis Stice: Certainly we are more confident everyday we get well test actually Glasscock County and soon-to-be Howard County but specifically Jeff though, -- well cost from six really dollars per well for 7500-foot lateral, the last time you visit our last quarterly call -- makes a big difference in the number of locations that are economic.
Travis Stice: Jeff, we spend a lot of time the only analyzing -- results but also analyzing what said publicly from other operators and we try to incorporate this practices and learnings from other operators quickly into our business so I think you are seeing things like increased sand, increase cluster spacing, tighter distances, all of those things are reasonable to expect Diamondback to have some commentary on by the end of the year. Certainly now when cost are as low as they are on pressure pumping now is a good time to be experiment and with that. There's a few things though that we're pretty confident we won't be trying and that is that -- we have always been even since 2012 we've always been a slick water shop and we intend to continue there on slick water fracs.
Travis Stice: There is a reason we don't give quarterly guidance because there's so much fluctuation when you can bring on like we did a Glasscock County you bring a three well pad that's doing almost 4000 barrels a day that can materially impact one quarter. So it's really difficult for me to try to tell you exactly -- I cannot tell you exactly what quarter over quarter production is going to do. Generally, Bob, if you've got one to two rigs running you’re going to have flat to declining production. If you're running two or more rigs your production is [indiscernible] and that statement holds regardless of whether it is now or two years from now. That's how we view production changing.
Travis Stice: Yes, Ben, our business partners on the service side as I pointed out earlier, they are under quite a bit of distress right now and they are very smart individuals and running their business and they know the importance of keeping good crews and good equipment. Regardless of our pace of activity we expect end demand good service for a fair price and the service companies our business partners respond accordingly. Now when recovery occurs inactivity starts to ramp up there probably will be some things exposed that you cannot see right under a much slower development activity, but we think that since Diamondback should be one of the first companies to go back to work under a recovery oil price that we will be able to attract the best crews and the best equipment as we start ramping up activities. Could it be a problem in the future? Yes, but right now there sure a lot of surplus equipment around both on the pressure pumping and on the drilling rig site.
Travis Stice: Dan, the first thing is you placed your call into the pressure pumping provider and you find out what their availability is and what their cost is and right now cost are low and availability is high. In theory you can go to work on the DUCs right away. Now there are some things we have to do on the front end of that like a accumulation, stimulation fluid, making sure the location is prep for the completion but those are things that we do on the day in and day out basis so really when it is time to match on the accelerator you know as I pointed out earlier we will start on the DUCs and with a fully dedicated crew we can get about -- you can get four to five wells a month per dedicated group. So you can start to eat into a quarter you can start eat into your drill on uncompleted backlog pretty quick.
Travis Stice: That’s probably about 40% or 50% would be 10,000-foot laterals and three time I think the percentage is probably going to increase as we try the acreage, more for a acreage you will see those lateral lengths continue to increase over time.
Travis Stice: We would like to have a large hedge book right now that looks like cash on the balance sheet which by the way is how we view hedges. Probably so but that being said we also now we believe are going to be able to participate in the most fullest way in an oil price recovery. So I don’t want to give a specific number but the [indiscernible] nature of the curve right now would probably lead us maybe to start thinking about hedges somewhere north of where it is right now. I think I saw a quote this morning that next year's hedges are right around $40 a barrel so we probably need something little north of that. But it depends Sam, it depends on what we think the future of the oil price is going to do and what our activity levels are going to look like and it's not just a binary decision that we struggle with daily on how to put hedges on there but that being said though we've got as we pointed out cash on the balance sheet from our equity raise that’s sort of in a way looks like a hedges well so I think we are in pretty good shape.
Travis Stice: Yes, I think those wells are generally short lateral wells that takes a higher price to make economic and as I indicated before oil companies are working on data traits to core of their acreage just to drill longer laterals so that's really what it is probably going to take to make those wells economic and I think the chance of doing that is pretty high.
Travis Stice: Thanks again to everyone participating in today's call. If you have any questions, please reach out to us using the contact information provided. Thanks again.
