Kaes Van't Hof: Yeah, Neal, good question. This is Kaes. I think generally, we obviously had a tough earnings call at the end of 2019, when we made this shift to co-development. I think we learned very, very quickly from that as well as moving more of our capital to the Midland Basin. And I think just generally, the teams have done a really good job on not only spacing within each zone, but the intra-zonal spacing given that these zones talk to each other. And the result is better overall assets here over the last couple of years. So nothing is going to change there. I think we're going to keep co-developing. And in fact, in some ways, we'll end up doing some larger pads, and we even have prior given the amount of virgin rock we have in that sale of Robertson Ranch area that is kicking off in a real way right now. I think generally – on the other – on the other question, well costs are certainly the biggest advantage we have as a company at Diamondback, and that's a cultural thing from top to bottom. We're very focused on cost, very focused on keeping costs down in this inflationary environment. I think that gives us an advantage, particularly in looking at stuff like FireBird, right? FireBird we're going to co-develop a lot of zones up in the north at a low cost structure and that central position. There's opportunities for upside, if we bring the Wolfcamp B into the Lower Spraberry development. And that, I think the testament that we can drill them cheap, the returns make sense to compete for capital.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yeah. And then no change to the 35% of free cash flow, while it's certainly a restrictive amount of cash to be giving back to the equity holders, we feel that our balance sheet is in a position to be able to do that. And we're still going to reduce debt through non-core asset sales or free cash flow generation and our debt structure is significantly better than it has probably ever been in our company history. So generally, we feel that, it's time for our equity holders to get their cash back after this company has matured from a high-growth company to a high-returning company.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes. Good question, Neil. I think while we're not ready to throw in the towel that well costs are going to keep going up next year, we do have some things coming our way from an efficiency perspective. But I'll kind of lay it out two ways. Based on the $1.9 billion that Diamondback is going to spend on capital this year, pre FireBird. I would assume we're probably up 10% to 15% from that number gone ahead if we had to make that decision today on well costs. I think another way to think about it is basically in Diamondback today is pre-FireBird at a $500 million run rate of capital, I would say, somewhere below 10% increase off of that makes sense. And then in both scenarios, adding the $250 million of CapEx for FireBird, we ran that deal on current well costs. So those current well costs are running through that the capital free cash flow numbers that we put in for that deal. So that's how we're thinking about it. I think certainly, there are some things that could go our way. Casing has been a massive headwind for us and for the industry. Midland Basin, casing is now $110 a foot, that is a huge number of -- on a fixed cost that we can't really control here.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yeah, Arun, I'll focus more on what Diamondback is doing. We certainly do a lot of competitor analysis and learn a lot from our competitors on what to do and what not to do in the basin. So generally, we have a data analytics team that looks at inter-lateral and reserve spacing, and how many wells are completing per pad and per zone and how close the nearest well bore is. And our math tells us that we're finding a striking a good balance here between IRR and NPV. We may not have the highest oil per foot, but certainly spacing wells a little tighter, as well as co-developing more economic zones together and I expect that trend to continue to head our way. In some ways, these higher commodity prices bring more zones into the equation and maybe even one or two wells per zone. But generally, spacing has stayed fairly consistent here for the last couple of years. So credit to the team for looking at what we've done, what's gone well, what's gone poorly and adjusting accordingly. And I think we're set up now for a few years of very solid development, particularly in the Midland Basin side.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yeah. I mean, certainly, when we go back to that deal, we basically said we did these two deals to get better and not bigger. And I think that's proving out in the performance of the wells and the performance since then. We're just getting started in the main block. There's probably a 24-well pad coming on here in early 2023, and we'll continue to develop that sale in Robertson block very aggressively with probably a three-rig run rate until it's drilled up in three or four years. And that should drive the lion's share of operational performance. Not to be outdone by that, though, we have seen very good well results up in the Northwest portion of Martin County this year due to some adjustments on spacing and landing targets, and I'm proud to say certainly some of the shallower zones, Middle Spraberry has looked very, very good up there relative to prior expectations.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes. I mean I think it's going to be around for a while, certainly longer than the market can see today, which I think is important, right? We have two well-timed deals in 2020 that that we're benefiting from today. I think generally, our job is to allocate capital to the best returning zones and projects first. So, we won't be able to keep this up forever. But I think as the shale cost curve goes up, which is likely to happen over the next decade, our job is to maintain a cost structure and an inventory that keeps us at the low end of that cost curve. And that's what we've built this business on. And I think we have both the inventory and definitely the cost structure to be able to keep ourselves at the low end of that cost curve longer.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes, Jeoff great question. When we announced the deal, we got one with a lot of people, but we haven't been on a big call like this. We basically said the northern prospect, which you can see on slide 8 in our deck, competes for capital right away, and that's the game plan is to allocate that rig to that northern prospect for the first few years of the deal. I think generally, recent well results in the Central prospect would bring in the Wolfcamp A upside into co-development. We underwrote six across in the Lower Spraberry across that block, and that's what we paid for. But, recent well results of co-developing the LSE looked pretty promising today. We have some time to kind of test that out before full field development, but that's kind of the underwritten upside of the trade.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes. Jeanine, I won't say it interrupts operational momentum into next year because it's our job to not have those issues. We are running a couple of extra intermediate rigs today to get ahead of these large pads where the big rig follows. So I think the message is nothing to see here from operational momentum. That's what you expect us to do, and that's what we do best. Just -- I would just say, we probably completed a couple of more wells in the Delaware than we originally expected this year, and we ran probably one less rig than we thought for the year. So -- on the other side of the equation, we're completing probably 15 less wells than we went into the year expected to complete. So your capital efficiency is certainly looking good and momentum feels very good going into 2023.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes. Good question. I think we did release 19,000 barrels of oil a day net for FireBird in 2023 and that is not changing. The base business FANG, we went into 2022 saying we're going to keep 220,000 barrels of oil a day flat. We've kind of outperformed that a little bit this year. But basically, you can take that 220, complete the same number of wells as we expected at the pre FireBird Diamondback level, and that should spit out a couple of percentage points of low single-digit growth. And then add that FireBird 19 on top of that, and nothing's changed here from our perspective. You think that what you expect us to do, be transparent and hit these numbers.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yeah, good question. I don't think it's anything in the near-term. There certainly are some results further West that early time look promising. We didn't underwrite kind of two-mile buffer on the West side for LS prospectivity, but certainly did -- there's certainly some untapped upside with some Barnett and Woodford results nearby, including our Limelight prospects. So that play is getting a lot of attention. But at the end of the day, our investors expect us to underwrite what we're going to develop. And right now, that's all on unvalued upside, which technology and costs work out, it will be certainly prospective into the next decade when we get to drilling it.
Kaes Van't Hof: Well, I think generally, there's not a ton of A&D left to do in the basin, right? It certainly -- there's not random 200,000, 30,000 acre blocks in the middle of Martin County or Midland County that are available. So A&D is certainly evolving over the next couple of years in the Permian as consolidation continues. I think generally, with the 75-25 commitment to equity versus non-equity on cash returns that makes looking at deals even more -- put deals under the microscope, right? So in this deal, we're very focused on not levering up the balance sheet in a meaningful way because we work so hard to get the balance sheet where it is. And the sellers had an asset that was early in its development and believed in the upside and wanted to take Diamondback's stock to execute on that upside. It's not -- we're not giving up 10% of the company to these guys. They have a 3% position and hopefully, they're long-term happy shareholders. But I think we've used equity to grow this business for the last 10 years. And it's proven out to be the right way to fund deals.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes, Leo, good question. I would say this is, kind of, why we're not looking to give 2023 guidance officially today because I think some things will come to us versus this year where everything just went up. We do have a couple of frac fleets locked in and the two fleets that we talked about. All of our sand is locked in with a large contract with a local provider. You know, the rigs, we continue to roll our rigs on a rolling 6-month basis. And while we're running 15 rigs today, I bet you 12 of them are different rigs that we're running this time next -- this time last year because of cost and efficiencies. So there's a lot going on behind the scenes to keep pushing well costs down or stopped them from going up, and that's what you'd expect us to do.
Kaes Van't Hof: That's right. I think FireBird, we're going to drop a couple of rigs drop them down from three rigs to one rig, generate a little more free cash on that business and hit 19,000 net barrels a day of production. We forecasted for that business. I think we'll complete around 30 wells there. So you can basically take Diamondback base business from this year plus the 30 wells from FireBird plus the production that we laid out today to get an early look at 2023.
Travis Stice: Look, we've seen the volatility in the market that every quarter, we've had the opportunity to buy shares back. And when that opportunity presents itself, we'll do so aggressively. I think the key to any of those questions is the ability to generate free cash flow. And that's certainly what our focus is, and then maintaining the flexibility on how the return of that free cash flow gets prosecuted. I will say that in conversations with our long-only shareholders. A lot of those guys prefer to get the cash back. But again, we believe that we'll have opportunities to repurchase shares back.
Travis Stice: A lot to unpack in that question, Neal, but I think it's really all of the above. I think there is asset maturation. I think certainly, supply chain constraints are also limiting growth. I think for public companies, the continued discipline that we've all been demonstrating on shareholder returns versus a commitment to growth. I think all of those factors weigh into more of a muted production growth from US shale going forward. That said, out here in the Permian, I think we're still continuing to hit production records every month, somewhere close to 5.3 million to 5.5 million barrels a day. But that's going to be challenged to continue to grow that into the future. Do we have the assets out here? Yes, we do. But some of those other topical constraints that I mentioned are going to be impediments to efficient growth assume we'll probably see at higher commodity prices some people try to grow, but they're allocating capital if they're very trailing into of efficiency. So those also create headwinds as well for shareholders.
Travis Stice: Yeah. Certainly, it's going to be tight. I'll let Kaes give some specifics on that. But I think gas takeaway is going to be talked really certainly most of next year, probably well into 2024 as well until we get some of the major pipes on. So we do think – we do opportunistic hedging, particularly against the – on the Waha side. And we've committed to some of these pipes that are help making sure we get gas not only that doesn't go to Waha, but goes directly to the Gulf Coast.
Travis Stice: Yeah. And Derrick, there's a lot of conversations always when you see activity levels increase in the Permian Basin about the impacts of the inexperienced or green hands, we call them. But I don't follow that line of thinking, because it's our job as supervisors of those activities to make sure that even the least experienced individual has the right supervision to perform this job not only safely, but efficiently. So they almost actually transfers not to the service companies, within experienced hands, it transfers to our operations organization and our field supervisors to make sure they can provide the oversight to prosecute our plans effectively, efficiently and safely.
Travis Stice: Yes, certainly not specifically inside Diamondback. But yes, aggressively so with the trade organizations that Diamondback is a part of. At the federal level, API, APC we have a lot of sweat equity invested in both of those trade organizations that we lean in alongside all of our industry peers to provide some clear strategies into the White House and the current administration. So – and that will continue regardless of how the results of the elections turn out today. That's our advocacy arm, and we think it's important for our shareholders to be a dynamic part of that advocacy.
Travis Stice: Yeah, it certainly seems like the rhetoric has turned decidedly against the industry again in the lead up to these elections. We can only open pray for that our citizens continue to elect morally and ethically excellent representatives, so that we can send people to Washington, D.C. that do a will of the people. And Diamondback is going to continue to do our part like I said, through advocacy, both locally and at the state and federal level as we navigate this very difficult rhetoric that's being addressed or pointed at our industry.
Travis Stice: And you'll see our development strategy, Charles, as we've moved to that central block, as Kaes laid out as kind of our Phase 2 drilling, but we'll start East and work West. And I think the two wells that are labeled E and F on slide 8 are good examples of what that early development scenario look like. While we didn't complete those wells, the results are really promising. And we're excited about them. But Phase 1 will be up to the North, which is very akin to our Spanish Trail development, and then we'll start on the East side of the central prospect and work our way to the West before you get up, as you pointed out, before you get to the Central Basin platform.
Travis Stice: Thank you again for everyone to participate in today's call. If you've got any questions, please contact us using the information provided.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yeah. I mean, basically, next year, two-third of our gas goes to Waha, and that's all been hedged today, actually hedged a while back. And the other third gets Gulf Coast exposure on the Whistler pipeline. And then as you think about 2024, we think there's going to be pockets of weakness in 2024, certainly easing in the back half of the year when the big pipe Matterhorn comes on, but it's going to be tight from now until then, because some of these expansions, yeah, there are 500 million a day expansion, but I think they're going to be full right away.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yeah, a good question. I think the biggest thing that's going to help us next year from a cost perspective are the two Halliburton e-fleets that one has just started and one is picking up. I think generally, on the horsepower side, we get charged a little bit less. They make more margin on that particular piece of business. On top of that, we're not spending money on diesel, right? So we're fueling that fleet with cheap Waha gas for the next couple of years, and that could be anywhere from $10 to $15 a foot of savings depending on what the price of Waha is. And we just opened our first mobile mine or mini mine that's going to be right offset some of our Martin County position. So I think generally, while we're not drilling wells to TD faster than we were last year, we're still best in class in that area. Now, it's time to work on the other pieces of the cost equation as inflation heats up here.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yeah. I mean really, David, it's all value, right? But generally, internally, we see that an E&P business trades at 4, 5 times and a pipeline or a gathering system trades at 8 to 10 times. So it's logical for us, with us not getting any credit for it in our valuation to look at some of the JVs that we invested in alongside contributing volumes to those businesses over the last five years. And now, I think they're in kind of a harvest mode where it might make sense to sell, particularly given our buying of Rattler and renewed focus on the upstream business, which is what we're so good at. So, I won't commit to certain projects, but there are certainly some of our JVs were sitting on big wins, and you could expect us to try to monetize those appropriately over time.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Honestly, quite frankly, we look at all our inventory of keep that 80-20 steady for a long time. So I don't think there's any plans to change it. In some ways, with the FireBird acquisition, some more wells completed there will probably be closer to 85-15 Midland, Delaware. And I think the curves that we posted on slide 7 proved out that our Midland Basin is certainly top notch, and that's where we're going to be focused.
Kaes Van’t Hof: I think generally, we have a significant amount of long lateral development ahead of us. At some point, naturally, if we can't get trades done block up acreage, we're going to have to reduce our lateral lengths. But I think on the other hand, you have a lower decline production allowing you to maintain capital efficiency for a longer period of time. So we look at it every quarter, total inventory, total development. And as far as we can see, things look very good for Diamondback's capital efficiency for the next few years.
