Travis Stice: Thank you, Tracy. To summarize our track record of capital discipline, stockholder returns and maintaining our strong balance sheet has prepared us for this downturn. The Lower Spraberry shale is delivering exceptional results. And we have increased our reserves substantially over last year at a very lower F&D costs. Our focus on costs, expenses and execution has never wavered and we continue to deliver cash margins per barrel and lower expenses at the top of our peer group. With our low cost structure and our ownership of minerals through Viper, we believe that we will generate significantly higher returns than most. We remain committed to growing the company through accretive transactions. I believe that it is in these challenging times that great companies are made and Diamondback Energy remains a low-cost producer in the highest return basin. Before I open the call for questions, I want to pause and acknowledge our employees for all they accomplished last year and have already accomplished this year. Even though we are in tough times with respect to commodity prices, I firmly believe our best is yet to come. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Travis Stice: I think our friends on the pressure pumping side are probably the best to answer that. I can tell you from the operators’ perspective though there is a still quite a bit of backlog of completions that are really reflective of the really actively levels in the third quarter and fourth quarter of last year. That being said though while 2014 – at the end of 2014, we weren’t seeing much cost movement on the pressure pumping side. And really even honestly into the month of January, they were still a little bit slow to respond. I will tell you starting almost February 1 we have seen some – we started to see some cost concessions and we anticipate improvements in cost not only from pressure pumping guys, but really the rest of the service sector probably through the next couple of quarters.
Travis Stice: Yes, David, that’s a real good question. And quite honestly, as we were exiting ‘14 and not getting the cost concessions that I thought were reflective of $45 oil, we started deferring some completions. We had a dedicated frac crew, we let go and we are furloughing about a third of the days currently in a month right now deferring some completions. And we will continue to kind of build a small backlog of maybe a dozen or so or less wells until we can get the cost concessions that I believe are reflective of $50 oil. And at that time, we will potentially pick activity back up on the completion side. But that also is a pretty common phenomenon I am hearing around the basin as well, which I think probably why we started seeing some movement in costs effective February 1.
Travis Stice: Dave, that’s certainly something we are looking at pretty hard here internally. I can tell you right now, our current thinking – current thinking is probably that, that would be too tight for the Wolfcamp B, although I think the industry and Diamondback probably need to test some increased lateral, interlateral spacing or tighter spacing before we make that definitive statement, but right now our best thinking is probably that 10 across a section is probably not the right answer in the Wolfcamp B.
Travis Stice: Yes, certainly on the first point there, delineation drilling, we have outlined a three-rig program for this year and two of those rigs are being in Spanish Trail. So, that’s not – there is no delineation going there. That third rig, Dave, would be bouncing around between Northeast Andrews, Martin County, and a few drilling obligations we have. So, that – you kind of think of that third rig as a delineation rig. And then specifically to science, I have always been a little reluctant in a basin that’s got over 400,000 wells drilled to spend a lot of money on science instead preferring to spend our science dollars at the drill bit phase. That being said though, I think there is some – there is some really exciting technologies on the micro-seismic that can help us validate tighter spacing in our development scenarios and certainly now is the time to consider doing that versus running a multi – 8-rig program in our asset base that we would like to have answered this year. So, that’s probably the only science we are going to do is maybe a little bit of micro-science testing here in the next quarter and then we will see what happens after that.
Travis Stice: Yes, they are certainly – Dave, they are certainly measured in quarters. So, if we were to pick back up and start a full frac spread of completions starting in July, you probably wouldn’t see that, that effect until mid fourth quarter by the time you start getting everything online and producing. So, to the extent, we continue to defer completions, we will probably be at the lower end of our production guidance to the extent that we kind of pick up mid-year if there is a recalibration appropriately on service cost that probably pushes more towards the upper end of our range. But there is still a lot that has to play out on commodity price and service costs before we are going to increase activity.
Travis Stice: Yes, we have probably got roughly for the quarter maybe 1,000 barrels a day or so of impact. It was really a 2 week event early on in January. And really by the 10th day we were pretty much on track to get everything back on and I think it should be noise in the first quarter, but we will wait and see how the quarter ends up.
Travis Stice: Well, specifically Michael the well failure rate on these acquired properties was running around one, which means each one of these wells were failing once a year, that’s unacceptable for Diamondback standards. We need a well failure rate at 0.5 or below which means these wells should fail once every 2 years. And we had a lot of well maintenance related events due to poor pumping practices on these acquired properties that required us quite honestly to go in and look at everything from the pump placement, the metallurgy of the rods and the tubing that were in the ground as well as what we call telemetry which is a real-time monitoring of how that pumping unit performs most of these wells that didn’t have telemetry installed on so we could monitor performance. So we have gradually been upgrading these vertical wells at the same time instituting new field wide well failure reports, so that we can understand why these wells are failing and how to remediate it. And I guess rather than spend more time explaining that I mean, if you go back in our history, you can see that the reason I put that slide in there. This is the same dance that we were involved in trying to get the historical or the legacy vertical wells at Diamondback Energy pumping in the best in class fashion. So I have got a pretty good track record and I have got a very capable organization that’s well skilled in making these adjustments happen. So those are things we can absolutely control. And then the other one is that quite honestly we are seeing on the LOE side those people that support the expenses have been pretty quick to respond in reducing cost as well. So it’s a combination of really three things. It’s a combination of proactive pumping practices that we employee, it’s an inter-combination of increasing volumes and a combination of lowering service cost in these major LOE spend areas.
Travis Stice: Yes, you bet Michael. And yes we have certainly considered hedging 2016 production. Curve’s is in contango right now and we just need to – we were studying it real closely. So, that’s a fair question and probably realistic expectations if we didn’t get the right prices in 2016, you will look to – we should look to mirror kind of what we have done in 2014, which is around 40% to 70% of our current production hedged.
Travis Stice: Yes, that 225 number is not just Midland County, that’s Midland, Southwest Martin, Northwest Martin and kind of the southern half of our Northeast Andrews County acreage, where we have drilled that Tawny well and Mason well with real good results. So, that if you look at it for that area, if you assume 660-foot spacing, then we have got 220 Lower Spraberry locations remaining. If we can do it on 500-foot spacing or 10 laterals per section, then we are up at 277 locations remaining. And those counts are net wells at 7,500-foot equivalent lateral lengths.
Travis Stice: Yes. So, the 220 number is not just Midland County, it’s kind of at Midland, Martin, Andrews area that we think we have proved up with our results.
Travis Stice: You debt. Thanks, Tim. Yes, certainly, there is – we are seeing a lot of the M&A activity out here in the Permian Basin. I don’t know if the full effect of low commodity prices and distressed assets has been felt yet, probably more of a mid-year or late 2Q event. But one thing, I do note, Tim, is that – is the position that Diamondback has placed themselves in, not only with our execution prowess, but also our pristine balance sheet in the M&A activity that, that is ongoing in the Permian. I think my shareholders should expect Diamondback to be right in the middle of that, if not the first call that’s being made. So, I know you said you probably weren’t going to get a good answer and that’s probably not a good answer, but that’s kind of how we think about it. Accretive EBITDA per share is usually a good one that we kind of look at, but then there is multiple accretion metrics as well, reserves production, acreage etcetera as well.
Travis Stice: Yes, that 64 locations, that’s a net number. It’s 79 gross horizontal wells that we have booked as PUDs and 53 of those are in the Wolfcamp B, 20 are in the Lower Spraberry. So, we had a lot of several of our Lower Spraberry wells that we talk about came on either real late in 2014 or actually early 2015. And so we didn’t have any PUDs booked to offset to those wells. And we have generally been conservative along Ryder Scott on our PUD booking. We generally only book PUDs one location away. So if you look at it right now we have got 15 Lower Spraberry wells on production and nearly 20 Lower Spraberry PUDs. So I mean it is a fairly conservative number, but we have generally been conservative in the way we have looked our PUDs over time. So it’s as you mentioned it’s quite not early a reflection of our inventory. And we have obviously got a lot of good inventory in the Lower Spraberry and also remaining in the Wolfcamp B as well.
Travis Stice: Yes. Certainly Jason for us to increase activity is going to require continued service cost and some stability in the oil price probably in the $65 to $75 range. And if we were to pick another rig up, we would likely move that into our recently acquired acreage over in Glasscock County and Midland County where we know we have got some really, really nice results both in the Spraberry and Wolfcamp B. So that’s probably where that rig would go and we would just leave the two rigs in Spanish Trials working and one rig there are in some delineation work accordingly.
Travis Stice: Yes, exactly I wish like it’s not my fingers and make it happen over night but there is just a lot of hard work that has to go in to fixing these legacy issues, so I expect sort of a quarter-over-quarter decline that’s going to get us in that $6.50 to $7.50 range, by the end of the year.
Travis Stice: Yes, and certainly I will look on two of the major spend areas on drilling these wells, which is the drilling side and then the completion side. Right now it’s about – of the total it’s about 40% allocated to the drilling side and about 60% on the completion side. On the completion side of that 60%, about half of that is related to pressure pumping. And so as we continue to see reductions in pressure pumping cost that’s going to translate to lower cost as well too. And then on the drilling side, we continued to optimize our efficiency both in terms of how fast we get to PD and then also with the other ancillary costs that are associated with drilling these wells. And so it’s really not a single actually one or two item that I could point to that’s going to push our cost lower. It’s really all those steps the completion guys do on their side of the equation delivering completed well cost, invest in class fashion as well as the drilling guys drilling these wells faster and faster so it’s kind of an efficiency thing. So, it’s really the combination of a 1,000 decisions we make on a daily basis not just one or two decisions on a quarter basis.
Travis Stice: I would say, probably you are looking at maybe 10% or 15% uptick. I think we have said probably two-thirds of our wells will target the Lower Spraberry roughly 25% in the Wolfcamp B and then we will probably have a couple of tests in some other zones, including the Middle Spraberry and the Wolfcamp A as we do some stack tests. So, a little bit more weighted more to the Spraberry this year than last year and as long as we continue to see the results we have seen so far in the Lower Spraberry, I think that 10% to 15% uptick is probably a pretty reasonable number.
Travis Stice: Yes, I mean, they are younger vintage and they are also in the areas where we have seen better EURs from our vertical wells. So, some of the ones that part of that 73 were ones that we weren’t going to get drilled within the 5 years, but we also took some off that were kind of in our lower EUR areas that would probably have to come off at the end of – into 2015 assuming that commodity prices stay low.
Travis Stice: Yes. I mean, we will just have to see how the commodity price plays out. Some of those locations are in – or probably about half of those locations are in Spanish Trail, where we own the minerals. So, it has considerably better economics than a typical vertical well. So, obviously, our horizontal wells are delivering better returns and that’s where the focus will remain, but we will just see how that plays out by the end of the year.
Travis Stice: Yes, Richard, what I would tell my guys, there is really no bad deals, there is just bad pricing. And so from the Viper perspective, we have been looking outside the Permian for Viper and not so much Diamondback, but the logical progression for Diamondback would probably be in the Delaware Basin, but it’s pretty exciting in one regards and it’s also pretty confusing in terms of what really is going to transpire in this M&A environment, because of all the new private equity money that’s been raised, that’s looking for a home in the Permian Basin. Some folks are thinking this maybe the best chance to get into the Permian. So, again like I was talking to Tim earlier, I don’t know exactly how it’s all going to play out, but I do know with the fortress balance sheet and our execution record that we ought to be in all those conversations.
Travis Stice: Yes, I would say that the bid/ask rate is still pretty wide for cash types of transactions, because the commodity price is down 55% or 60% since we IPO’d the Viper Energy Partners, but one thing that we are always trying to get a little bit of traction with is the acknowledgment that receiving Viper units from minerals is starting to have some appeal at these prices. So, we are engaged and we are looking hard and we will report when we close something.
Travis Stice: Yes, Michael. I think I was – I think I tried – maybe I didn’t do it efficiently, but I will try to address that earlier. To the extent, we maintain a backlog of completions through the middle of the year we will probably be more towards the lower end of our production guidance range. To the extent that we reinitiate the pressure pumping side of the equation and get another crew in, we will probably push it more towards the higher end. And the other thing is, is that we continue to be surprised as we outlined a numerous points in our prepared remarks this morning by this Lower Spraberry. And what we tried to account for that in our production guidance, these wells are certainly surprising us to the upside and that doesn’t usually happen in our business. So, to the extent, we bring more and more Lower Spraberry wells on and surprise us positively, that will also help push us towards the upper end of our production guidance.
Travis Stice: I think it’s a little early right now, Michael, to say all the way across our portfolio, because if you look, I think I got a slide in the slide deck that shows we have now got economic test from Dawson County all the way down to Upton County. That’s about 120 miles. And so I think it would be a little bold at this point to step out and say everywhere you can downspace, but I will tell you if you just look at unconventional resource plays around the United States, typically over time they get spaced tighter and tighter. Whatever they start off with is usually not where they end up with. And of course, you got to balance that with the risk of overcapitalization. So, that’s why I think it’s prudent for Diamondback to continue to test this downspacing in a way that allows us as much optionality in the future to continue developing in a full-scale fashion at the right spacing intervals.
Travis Stice: Yes, I mean, of course this varies across different peoples, I agree, but when you look at our acreage, we think there is a reasonable frac barrier between the Wolfcamp A and B. And so you are probably generating more fracture half-length and less height than the B. If you look at the Lower Spraberry, which overall is quite a bit thicker than the B, but you really don’t have any barriers to height growth.
Travis Stice: So, you are generating as much height as half-length and that’s the reason. Really two reasons we think we can go to tighter spacing on the Spraberry and that is we are probably not generating is much effective length and you have got a lot more oil in place in this Spraberry, as well.
Travis Stice: Yes. Michael we have got a good handle on that. And the guidance we have given for this year incorporates maintaining leases not only in the Glasscock County, but across our acreage position.
Travis Stice: Yes. I mean it’s a nice result, it’s obviously not as good as what we have seen in Midland County or even Northwest Martin, Northeast Andrews you can see that from the 30 day rates, but still a nice well. It has decent economics at $50 oil, it’s probably in that 15%, 20% rate of returns of really we probably need higher oil prices in the $65 to $70 a barrel before we go there and drill much offset wells there. But still nice results overall.
Travis Stice: I think right now we have got I think there are 24 wells that we have in Dawson and obviously if it works I mean there is more potential locations in that but we risk that number down for Dawson until we get some more results.
Travis Stice: It’s been pretty much the same recipe we have done some testing with 30-50 a little bit larger sand in this Spraberry, but in the general sense we have maintained that 240 kind of foot inter-stage spacing and 300,000 or so pounds of total sands per stage that’s kind of being our go to. And you have heard us talk a little bit about shortening that inter-stage distance maybe down to 150-feet or so. And we are continuing to experiment with that and still way too early on to talk about whether or not we have got positive results. But we continue to try to tweak on these stimulation designs, because never satisfied that we have got the right answer, in fact our history says that these things evolve over time, so we want to make sure we are pushing that evolution.
Travis Stice: Yes. That’s still based on the 660-foot spacing. We haven’t increased that number yet for further down spacing.
Travis Stice: Yes. Obviously, we have not provided a lot of – any color on 2016. But that’s probably a reasonable assumption.
Travis Stice: No, we won’t hedge, Viper. We have been pretty clear that we believe the most efficient form of transfer to our unitholders is to remain un-hedged. And we are constructive at the Viper level on the price of oil long-term and we are going to stay un-hedged at the Viper level. And there is really nothing to provide hedge insurance against. I don’t have any maintenance capital. I don’t have any IDRs or anything that would need to preserve. I just want to pass in the most efficient possible manner that I can revenue from mineral production back to my unitholders.
Travis Stice: Yes, I mean, you are right. I mean, the mineral ownership obviously helps on the spacing, but really when we look at the spacing, we would kind of look at all aspects, how much oil in place and thickness per zone and what kind of half length we think we are good. So, specifically to Upton County, generally in most of the zones, where we are at in Upton, the pay is a little thinner in both the Wolfcamp B and in the Lower Spraberry. And we have drilled a lot of Wolfcamp B wells down in Upton County. We actually did that on 880-foot spacing and just because that the B was thinner there and we thought we had a fairly good frac area. And as we look back on it, we really haven’t seen any interference down in Upton County and the B. And so maybe we should have developed that a little tighter than we did. So, as we have got one Lower Spraberry well in Upton, we have just completed two more. We will have some results on in a few months. We drilled those at 660-foot spacing. So, we will test a little tighter spacing down in Upton in the Lower Spraberry than that we did in the B. And we will just see how the results work out. As we look at the Lower Spraberry across the rest of our acreage, it’s fairly similar thickness up in the north area, up in Andrews and Martin and in Glasscock County as well. So, we will test tighter spacing there early on in those areas to guide us on what our ultimate development will be, but we think in those areas, it ought to be pretty similar to what we can – what we are doing in Midland County.
Travis Stice: Yes, we got – I am sorry, we got 8,000 barrels a day that go to Magellan Longhorn down to Houston Ship Channel. And that receives at LLS pricing, all the remaining barrels we produced at this point go to Cushing, Oklahoma.
Travis Stice: Thanks, again to everyone for participating in today’s call. If you have any questions, please reach out to us using the contact information provided.
