Travis Stice: Thank you, Tracy. To summarize, we have continued validating the enormous stack to pay potential here in the Permian basin by developing the Lower Spraberry. Earlier Lower Spraberry results appeared to be even better than the Wolfcamp B which notably has driven the tremendous success Diamondback has achieved during the past couple of years. We maintain our laser like focus on well cost and expenses and continue to deliver cash margins per barrel and low expenses at the top of our peer group. We will monitor market conditions closely as we enter into 2015 and are prepared to implement our plan to defer acceleration if warranted consistent with our practice of capital discipline becoming cash flow positive next year under a deferral plan with a strong balance sheet would put Diamondback in a very favorable position to capitalize on opportunities or to resume inventory acceleration under better market conditions. I believe we continue to deliver results and stockholder returns that are among the best in the industry. Before I call for questions, I want to acknowledge our employees for all they have accomplished so far this year and especially welcome those employees that are new to Diamondback. We crossed our two year anniversary as a public company in October and I want to thank each of the almost 100 employees of Diamondback for their contribution to our success. It has been an amazing ride since taken the company public in 2012 and I firmly believe our best is yet to come. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Travis Stice: Sure, Mark. Let me kind of take those in reverse. Specifically to the Lower Spraberry, we got a half a dozen or so well results that are significantly outperforming our type curve and obviously, that outperformance drives better rates of returns for our investors as well. So while we have not finalized our plans in 2015, it makes a lot of sense for us to try to emphasize development of Lower Spraberry. Specifically the rig count and cadence for next year, I know that's an important question a lot of analysts' mantra and now understand why you guys need to have an answer to that. But specifically to rigs, I want to remind our audience that that rigs are part of the equation but because we drill so many more wells on an annual basis than most of our competitors, it's really about wells next year. And we've got some optionality as we look into 2015 to pin in our market conditions on how many wells that we are going to drill. And I've tried to outline that as best we understand it right now. But, we got to see service cost need to be recalibrated in conjunction with commodity products has declined $25 or $30 a barrel in the last 100 days. So we've got to get better clarity on what those two events are going to look like before we finalize our plans into 2015. And then lastly Mark, we've got a Board meeting early December where I will be outlining specifically all of these different options that are still in front of us in 2015.
Travis Stice: Yes. I think if you go back in Investor presentation in the appendix section, we've got some updated performance curves in there. But, I will say in general sense, we are pleased in the outcome of the Wolfcamp B wells whether at or above our current type curve performance. Russell is going to sit down with Ryder Scott here at the end of the year and we will go through the technical exchange with the reserve auditors and then following that reconciliation we will be able to update type curve not only the lower – not only the Wolfcamp B but also and perhaps even more importantly the Lower Spraberry.
Travis Stice: Yes, Mark. I think you've always heard us talk about being fast followers and the industry is real good about putting forth publicly the results in different zones. So I think that's certainly a prudent approach for our signs as to let the other – that our peers do a lot of drilling in these other zones. I think certainly under the deferred acceleration plan that I referenced that would be really focused on Lower Spraberry and Wolfcamp B. If we were to accelerate our inventory at the other end of the spectrum, you might see us in the second half of the year perhaps testing the Wolfcamp A. But as it stands right now Mark, we really like the results we are seeing in the Lower Spraberry and the Wolfcamp B.
Travis Stice: Yes, David. That again is a pretty complicated question. I can you tell that probably year-to-date on the service side, we are seeing cost in some portions of our business up as high as 20%. I know that prior to this recent pull back some of the service sector was even trying to push through on another 10% increase on top of that effect first of the year. So that would be on some aspects of our business, the cost increase of almost 30% year-over-year while at the same time our commodity prices off $25 or $30 a barrel. So there is not a number that I can really give you that says hey, it's got to come down to this. And then I will get back to work because it's really a function of not only well results like Mark was asking me about, it's also where the service costs are ultimately going to be recalibrated with this oil price. And understandably it goes up very, very fast, cost of goods and services and understandably it comes down a little bit slower and that's what we are seeing around now. So we are communicating with all of our business partners across the full spectrum to ask them to make sure that they are looking at their side of the business as well as ours in response to a low commodity price. So it's really a combination of a bunch of different factors that will dictate future plans for Diamondback.
Travis Stice: Well, if you look at the pressure pumping side of the business and certainly not just to single out one aspect of our total spend because we look at the full spectrum. But pressure pumping through the years probably been the single most – single biggest spend increase. But closely behind that you are seeing cost of rigs grow up as well. So when you look at pressure pumping and drilling rigs those are pretty – too big pretty large tickets on a well.
Travis Stice: You bet, Mike. If you look specifically into fourth quarter, we continue to migrate most of our wells towards pad drilling. And we always like we communicated during the third quarter, we are going to see interference when we do these pad wells in areas where we have got multiple wells already in the section. So while I feel confident about the fourth quarter, the reality is that we are drilling a lot of wells in sections where we already have existing wells. And we just got to be careful as put guidance out there on an annual basis that we always confident that we will be able to deliver on our promises.
Travis Stice: Yes. And Mike certainly I've not even communicated that to my Board yet. So we do have internal models, but again, if you look at the – you look at what goes into a model whether its cost of goods and services, which I have already talked haven't yet recalibrated. The price for commodity which is very difficult to predict in our business and then those success of the wells, all three of those things have very significant impacts on our ability to be cash flow positive next year. What I do like about is that our lease hold position can be maintained with minimal drilling next year. So that just gives us a lot of optionality as we look into 2015 and again, I know you guys have a need for specificity. But at this point there is just too many parameters out there that we are not comfortable rolling out 2015 guidance until probably early in the first quarter of next year when we got better clarity on market conditions.
Travis Stice: True. Well, again, depending on how many wells we are going to drill in 2015 that would be influenced by how many stack laterals we end up drilling. I think you see efficiencies, cost efficiencies which you know we are all about, you see cost efficiencies when you are doing two and three well pads primarily on the pressure pumping side, the stimulation side. We think it that's the best way to maximize returns. With that being said though, we still got look at Wolfcamp B development timely in sections where we already have two and three wells in there. So again, it's a very fluid way that we look at the business next year because we got to make sure we are not fracing at the same time, we are drilling well in the section. Switching to the second part of your question the increase frac stages, I guess if you look at the IP30 data that we've showed in the company presentation, I was a little surprised that we didn't see a more marked increase early on. I think it's like most tests, more data, more time certainly helps to provide greater clarity. But I think or even to further complicate in a good way that response is that if you look at those two wells they are among the best two Wolfcamp B wells that we drilled. And so now we are trying to figure out the fact that we put 4 million pounds of sand -- more pounds of sand and more stimulation fluid in that little section, did that perhaps influence why these two wells are so much better than their offset. So it's a good problem to have but its one we are going to need more time to before we provide any clarity both internally and externally.
Travis Stice: Yes. Jeff, I think you wait for me to give you some more specifics about which wells we are going to able to try that again. Certainly I think it's prudent based on the early kind of – early two well improved performance for us to try that again. But I don't want to give a specific shed on which wells that we're trying on but I think it's reasonable that in the next couple of quarters you will see some more results from increased sand and fluid stimulation across our asset base. And again, that also kind of toss back into how many wells we are going to drill next year.
Travis Stice: Well, again, I'm trying to stay away specifically from counting rigs into 2015. But in a general sense that previously communicated we will keep two horizontal rigs running in the Spanish Trial on the Viper acreage. And then depending on how many wells we ultimately end up next year, we drilled the more wells, we drilled the high likelihood will have additional wells drilled in Glasscock and Midland county on that newly acquired acreage. The less number of wells we drilled would probably also correspond to fewer wells drilled on the newly acquired acreage. So again, it's kind of a fluid situation based on a lot of different parameters that we are trying to dial-in right now. And unfortunately we don't have to make the decision on November 5 that we look forward to provide more clarity early in 2015 and what it looks like.
Travis Stice: We continue to be very opportunistic on deals on the Viper side. But, I will tell you that the most of the royalty checks haven't reflected yet the lower declining commodity price. I think there is going to be a little bit of time before royalty owner start seeing lower $75 WTI prices placed in the royalty check. So I think while I've been pleased with the opportunity set. I think between now and upcoming months with lower commodity prices, we hope to be seeing more opportunities come our way.
Travis Stice: Yes. I think Adam somewhere in that mid-30s range on PDP decline. Again, we haven't gone through our reserve audit yet at the end of the year. But, I think that's kind of mid – somewhere in the mid-30s for a decline rate.
Travis Stice: Well, I think your -- the question be best directed to the banking community that runs those. But, I can tell you in a general sense that they have always run more conservative pricing based on lending. But, I will also tell you that each lender has like they call it different things but distressed price test but they also test your borrowing base against and I don't know Russell, is it kind of the distressed test do you have any specifics on it just a low price I don't know what it is because probably each bank as a different number. But, I do know that they are each going through there and testing a really low price as well as they make their lending decisions.
Travis Stice: Well, I think the Delaware basin acquisition that we highlighted on the Viper – on the most recent Viper releases points to our consistent strategy of looking at basins that are all weighted that are under active development in targeting portions of that development with confident operators in that Delaware basin acquisition that we talked about certainly fits in there. And I think continues to give us encouragement that there is opportunities out in the Delaware basin for additional work for Viper.
Travis Stice: Yes. Again, Jeff, I'm trying not to get specific numbers out there I know that makes it difficult. I mean I know that that makes your business difficult. But, let me just step back for a lot of these modeling questions that you guys are asking me. Look we are -- Diamondback is extremely well positioned both for difficult times, if more difficult more times are coming or for more opportunistic times if things improve. We are in a spectacular position both from a strength of our balance sheet. But, also if you look at where record revenues, record production, record EBITDA, our execution appears to be among the best – continues to be among the best in the basin. Ur expense structure is extremely low. So that to me indicates a company that's extremely well-positioned to handle things that are going to be difficult or maybe things that are going to improve in the future. So again, I know you guy are trying to model specifically but that's kind of the story, we're sticking too.
Travis Stice: Yes. The Dawson County I drilled a four Cline well, it's the simplest way to say that and I won't drill another Cline well based on those results. Now I also drilled about 8 miles to the south of it I drilled a Lower Spraberry well in Northern Martin County that looks extremely good. And so to that end, we believe and there is also some and we think there's some more industry data out there in the Lower Spraberry that while the thermal maturity may not be as high as is what's needed for peak oil generation, it appears that the permeability in the system and the processing of system are allowing for some economic Spraberry wells. So to that end, we're testing a Lower Spraberry well on that acreage right now.
Travis Stice: Yes. Jamaal, first off, I've not said that we're going to be flat on a rig count year-over-year. All I clearly stated was that we'll enter the year at five horizontal rigs and we'll make adjustments based on market conditions early on in 2015. Specifically to your question on Lower Spraberry and Wolfcamp B cost, there is – notionally a little cheaper in the Lower Spraberry because they have to (indiscernible) purposes and for your planning purposes, I'd use the same costs on the Lower Spraberry and the Wolfcamp B.
Travis Stice: Yes. Jamaal, I think what I said is that we're going to be opportunistic. I think we're well-positioned with the strength of our balance sheet and low cost operations and we're well positioned to take advantage of opportunities that come in the M&A world and I think they will, I remain optimistic that Diamondback is going to be in the best position to try to transact on these opportunities that come our way. So again, I can't give you specifically when I quit drilling and go to acquisitions because it depends on some many different market conditions that aren't clear right now. So again, we'll talk more about 2015 in 2015.
Travis Stice: I'm sorry Candice. I just want to respond back to the prior question. If you go back and look at our history of acquisitions, which we've been highly acquisitive in the last two years, we've always done accretive deals. So again as we look at opportunities we've always done accretive deals, always have and we'll probably always will be going forward.
Travis Stice: Sure. We've got two rigs that are rolling off their existing contracts in early February so that will be the first kind of get checked, we're going to have to make is what decisions we'll make on those rigs, do we let them go or do we continue on a well to well, month to month or six months contract. So again, we'll make that decision with better clarity around market conditions. On the pressure pumping side, we've got really good relationship with our business partners on that side, but we don't have a specific contract on any of those guys. So, we're in communications right now to make sure that certain recalibration existing in concert with the decline in commodity price.
Travis Stice: Yes. Joe, again, we're not providing that level of color because there is still a lot of unknowns, it depends on ultimately what happens from a commodity price and ultimately where service cost gets recalibrated. We do have an internal model that generates that cash flow positive in the second half of the year. But again that's not something that I've communicated fully to my Board yet and it's something that we think and occur under set of oil price, commodity price, service cost and activity levels for next year. And again, a big hinge point on that would be how successful these Lower Spraberry wells are going to be in 2015 because outperformance like we're seeing right now has a material impact on our cash flow position next year.
Travis Stice: I'm trying to think Joe on how the best way to answer that question. We're just not provided that level of clarity and I know Joe you got to put it in your spreadsheet, but I'm just not going to get back in the corner on exactly what things look like in 2015.
Travis Stice: Yes. We've got three rigs, three new builds that are coming into our fleet throughout 2015, and early 2016.
Travis Stice: And we also believe that if market conditions materially degrade or perhaps persist at their current levels that you're going to see the availability of the one more horizontal rig. So we think we preserved optionality on both sides the accelerated inventory as well as decelerating that inventory next year.
Travis Stice: Thank you, Candice. I know that the guys on the phone based on the late release of several of your notes last night, several of you guys have been up all night. So I know this is a busy time of the year for you, but I appreciate your specific questions into Diamondback and continued coverage. And I also want to thank everyone that participated in today's call. Certainly, if you have any questions, reach out to us using the contact information provided.
