Travis D. Stice: Thank you, Adam. Welcome everyone, and thank you for listening to Diamondback's first quarter 2018 conference call. The first quarter was a strong start to the year for Diamondback as we grew production 10% quarter-over-quarter and delivered a company-record realized cash margin of 83%. Our low-cost operations and capital efficient production growth enabled us to generate $21 million in free cash flow for the quarter, while earning over a 13% annualized return on average capital employed. We are operating 11 rigs today, six in the Midland Basin and five in the Southern Delaware Basin, along with five dedicated completion crews. As we look ahead to the rest of 2018, we will continue to match operating cash flow to drilling and infrastructure CapEx and increase or decrease rig count accordingly as we have done now for over three years. We continue to see improving well results across our acreage with standout long-dated production from multiple wells in Pecos County, as well as a unique test of the Third Bone Spring shale in Reeves County. Leverage remains low at 1.2 times annualized EBITDA and we are set to pay our first quarterly dividend on May 29 to shareholders of record on May 21. Moving forward to slide 6, we give an update to our takeaway strategy. We currently have over 90% of our total production on pipe moving to 95% or higher by year-end 2018, removing the risk of rising trucking costs from our forward operating plan. We have multiyear acreage dedication and firm service for in-basin gathering on the Oryx, NuStar and Reliance systems, which deliver barrels to the Crane, Midland or Colorado City markets. These systems then have multiple downstream connection agreements in place to long-haul pipelines. We sell our barrels at the wellhead to multiple first purchasers throughout the Permian, who have physical space on various long-haul pipelines out of the basin. On top of this, as part of our long-term strategy to maximize international pricing exposure, we recently signed a 50,000 barrel per day agreement to be a firm shipper on the Gray Oak pipeline and are actively working multiple firm purchasing deals to maximize pricing exposure over both the near term and the long term. Because of the attractive nature of the Gray Oak project, we've been able to leverage our substantial multiyear firm commitment of 50,000 barrels delivered to the Gulf Coast in exchange for near-term flow assurance and Gulf Coast pricing solutions. We look forward to continuing to update our shareholders as these initiatives progress and believe the only way to guarantee flow assurance out of the basin is through firm space and true take-or-pay contracts versus financial protections. We soon expect to have a majority of our barrels exposed to an international price. Turning to slide 7, we demonstrate not only our acquisition track record but also the subsequent deal-by-deal per share value created as a result of this acquisition strategy. Since going public, Diamondback has grown EBITDA per share by over 700%, while commodity prices have declined 28% over the same period. We have been active yet selective in our acquisition strategy with accretion and full cycle economics serving as the primary drivers of our decision-making process. As shown on slides 8 and 9, Diamondback's acreage quality, low capital costs and low cash operating costs allow us to have a peer-leading recycle ratio, and therefore grow production faster per dollar of CapEx without compromising our balance sheet. We consider ourselves fundamental investors and continually work to grow EBITDA per share and generate true earnings per share growth in an industry not known for EPS growth, especially through a commodity downturn. Looking forward, we will continue to value fundamentals to drive long-term shareholder value. With these comments now complete, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Travis D. Stice: Thank you, Tracy. Diamondback was able to deliver another great quarter as a result of our continued commitment to execution and low-cost operations. We're increasing production guidance, while maintaining capital spend and lowering cash operating costs for the year. Diamondback will remain proactive in all aspects of our business, including leveraging our size and scale to secure smart marketing agreements that position us well for both the near and long-term. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Travis D. Stice: Yes. Certainly, we're encouraged about that. Most of the commentary you've heard out of that portion of the basin has been from the Third Bone Springs sand. And this is really the first that we tested the shale. And it's really good results. We didn't count that as any kind of inventory at the acquisition time and we don't include it as inventory in our go-forward plan either. So certainly good well results like this lend us to the more aggressive future development but right now we're just going to continue to gather data on it. But yeah, we're excited about it and it has positive ramifications for inventory long-term.
Travis D. Stice: Certainly, Dave. As it continues to evolve, we take all that into our acquisition model as we price future cash flows and then discount them forward. So yeah, it could, but we're just going to be continued to use our disciplined approach on acquisitions, and we'll evaluate all the deals with what the current market conditions are, and we'll respond accordingly as we look for accretion in these deals. And, Dave, just on the acquisitions, Diamondback currently, we're not more interested or less interested in acquisitions than we've ever been in our company's history. M&A activity is as fundamental to Diamondback Energy as the air that we breathe. It's something that we've done from day one, and we're going to continue to demonstrate that discipline in looking for accretion and looking for ways that we can deliver differential results to our shareholders. That's one of the reasons that we put that slide in there on page 7 is to say we've got a good track record of doing smart deals for our shareholders. And so that's the way we always behave, Dave.
Travis D. Stice: I think we're going to continue to see, Bob, the cost increases over time as activity level continues to continue to go forward. So I can't speak for what our peers are going to do, but I can say that we continue to be disciplined in how we allocate capital dollars and we're not a big proponent of the kind of the drill, baby, drill mentality, out-spending cash flow. So I can just tell you how Diamondback's going to perform, and I think we've got a good handle on what we think service costs are going to do over the next couple of quarters.
Travis D. Stice: Gail, that's a good question, but I'll tell you that's a fundamental part of each of the asset teams in the area. They do that day in and day out, and the expectations they take are that they're their own little business development teams. And they continue to look for ways that creatively can add swap acreage or purchase small bolt-on deals. Again, it's just as fundamental as a part of businesses as taking leases and drilling wells.
Travis D. Stice: Yeah. Gail, again, we've always been known as a fast follower and we intend to be fast followers as we see other zones de-risk.
Travis D. Stice: Yeah, Mike. As we get some more clarity around all those, we'll be very fulsome on our disclosure, just not prudent to speculate on deals in progress right now.
Travis D. Stice: Yeah. Those core tenets have never really changed. Specifically, the acquisition has to compete for capital immediately. We're not going to buy something and then park it in inventory. It has to be accretive on the measures that we care about, and it needs to be complementary to our existing asset base and some of the other things that we manage around here with our infrastructure and our mineral business. So it's not particularly complicated, but there's a lot of brilliance in the simplicity of just doing accretive deals that are smart for our shareholders.
Travis D. Stice: Yeah, Richard, just add to that. You know Diamondback's philosophy on cost increases. We're not willing to get back any ground and so we're continuing to push the efficiency envelope everywhere we can. And the expectation is that we always offset cost increases with improved efficiencies and it's not always practical but that's still our basic operating philosophy.
Travis D. Stice: Michael, just like on my commentary on acquisitions, we evaluate all the cards face up on the table when we make these decisions. And if you've got midstream issues that are compounding our economic returns to our investors, we'll respond accordingly. It's up to us to like we talked about to fix those things and I anticipate we'll be doing that and be talking to you guys about it in the not-too-distant future.
Travis D. Stice: Yeah. Michael, I'm not going to speculate on exact price point at which Diamondback is going to change behaviors. I think you can look at the way that we've historically managed the company and the balance sheet and we've done so in a very conservative way. And just like I've always said, when returns to our investors go up, we accelerate into that environment. And just like we demonstrated in the past, if returns go down, well, we pull back activity. So just more to come on that, Michael. We'll see. I'm anticipating the organization is going to – we'll have plenty of solutions, so just more to come.
Travis D. Stice: Michael, I was just going to add to that. I mean, if you look at – we're clearly at the highest percentage of cash margins this quarter. Our cash flow is at an all-time high, so we're really in great financial shape. We've cash flowed the company now in aggregate for 13 quarters in a row. So we've got a lot of really positive things happening on the financial side of our business as well.
Travis D. Stice: Thanks again to everyone for participating in today's call. If you've got any questions, please contact us using the contact information provided.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yeah. Neal, this Gray Oak deal is the first step of many we're looking to take to over the long-term expose all our barrels to the international market. I think getting our barrels on a ship will get us a global price and remove the differential risk that we've seen rear its ugly head here in the last three months. So this is the first step of many and we look forward to announcing multiple other deals over the coming quarters as we look to diversify away from the Midland market.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yeah, Dave. These are all Midland-based prices. I think the term firm has been thrown around a lot lately. We have access via all the in-basin pipelines to get our barrels where they need to go and have deals in place for all barrels for third-party marketers to market downstream. In this case, these contracts are a little stronger than your traditional term sales agreement. It's a firm sales agreement. And what we're trying to do here is, these are exposed to the Midland market, but we will be adding deals that are exposed to other markets over the near and long-term.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yeah. I'll put it a little differently. Diamondback – we're not a marketing company, but what we did with the Gray Oak pipeline is we're essentially taking our barrels one step further. So at the end of the day, those barrels need to be marketed by one of the larger international marketing firms that we have great relationships with and have been doing business with throughout the last six years as a public company. So that 50,000 barrel a day commitment is a very enticing, sizable commitment for someone to market over the next multiple years after we make that commitment. So in exchange for that, we might pay up for secured firm transport in the near-term, but I'm looking to exchange that for someone to come in and market those barrels long-term for us.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yeah, Bob, I think it's too early to change that based on what we've seen so far this year. The one benefit we do have is we were one of the first E&P operators to sign up for a local sand deal, and we're getting a lot more local sand than we expected earlier in the year. So that should save $60 a foot for our Midland Basin well costs. And by midyear all of our Midland Basin wells will be using local sand, saving about $60 a foot versus our current well cost.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yeah, Bob. We did our budget at $55 a barrel at the beginning of the year, and we anticipated at that pricing even with differentials at $3 or $4 at the beginning of the year that we could add a rig every four or five months. And I think we're probably sticking to that type timeframe. We added Rig 11 in Q1, and I'd anticipate Rig 12 on its way sometime mid-summer.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yeah. I think the testing that the asset teams continue to do with bigger and bigger pad sizes will probably move more towards that four to eight-well pad development if we're doing two zones and kind of do the one rack staggering on as we go forward.
Kaes Van't Hof: About three-quarter is Midland, a quarter Delaware at this time. The Delaware is going to continue to pick up steam as we now have five rigs running there full time.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yeah, Mike. It's tough for me to comment on deals in progress, but I can assure you that there are multiple deals we are working to increase the international pricing exposure, granted you will have to pay up for it. I think it'll be somewhere between where the Midland market is today and international market is today. But, obviously, we can't comment, but the one thing I can say is that the attractiveness of our 50,000-barrel-a-day commitment among other commitments we're looking to make do allow us to talk – use our scale and talk about an interim solution, granted it's going to be a more expensive solution, just less expensive than the cash market we're seeing today.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yeah, Charles, can't comment on processes in place. I will say a few things about that process is some acreage on our southeast portion of our Pecos County locked. And we're looking for a partner to help us develop it and bring some value forward as that acreage kind of sits in the lower quartile of our inventory. I think it also provides a benefit to our midstream business as well as our minerals business.
Kaes Van't Hof: That's a good conversation that we're looking to have. Traditionally that extra cash would primarily go to debt reduction on a revolver and then on top of that potential acceleration which would then benefit the Viper minerals and the parent company.
Kaes Van't Hof: I think we feel very good about the cost side and the unit cost. As oil price continues to increase and realizations increase, that margin should stay steady to increase. The only variable cost in that margin are the taxes we have to pay on the crude and that's based on a percentage of realized price.
Kaes Van't Hof: I'll add a few things to that. Looking at 2017, we grew production 85% year-over-year within cash flow at below $50 crude for the year. And we ran our budget this year at $55 crude less $3 diffs and said we're going to grow 40% within cash flow at $1.4 billion budget. So I think we feel very comfortable about those numbers with WTI at $70 today.
Kaes Van't Hof: My opinion of a firm deal is a true take-or-pay deal. If you don't use it you pay. Term deals are deals that you can flow crude and you have a deal with someone, but I think a firm deal supersedes a term deal in the so-called oil capital structure.
Paul S. Molnar: We're looking – this is Paul Molnar – we're also looking at the Middle Spraberry shale, Jo Mill. We've focused on the highest rate of return projects in each area, but we are testing other zones ourselves and also we're monitoring the results of our offset operators drilling. So we anticipate additional inventory as these zones get proven up.
Paul S. Molnar: Yeah, Gail. We actually use some hundred mesh locally-sourced over in the Delaware as well as we're looking for a test this quarter. We'll test some local sand in the Wolfcamp A in the Pecos County area.
Paul S. Molnar: Sure, Jeff. The infrastructure projects are the biggest drivers over in the Delaware Basin. Getting all of our fluids on pipe are really helping us to reduce the LOE cost, as well as realizations. What we're also seeing, of course, is production growth helping on the denominator of that equation. But going forward, the electrification that's about to happen over in the Delaware floor is going to be a big driver. It gives us the confidence to lower our LOE guide for the rest of the year.
Paul S. Molnar: Right. That was based on a combination of core data and petrophysical log data. There were a few other operators in the general area about the same time, looked like they had the same idea. There's been a few other tests that also seem to have pretty good results in this zone. We know the Third Bone Spring sand is prolific to the northwest of us. The thing we wanted to avoid was drilling that first before you drill the Wolfcamp A because the Wolfcamp A is over-pressured and there could be issues with developing the Wolfcamp A after the Third Bone sand. You want to drill the Wolfcamp A either first or co-develop the two zones. We wanted to test the Third Bone shale. It's equivalent actually to the Lower Spraberry shale in the Midland Basin. And again, we're very pleased with the results. But yes, we have additional information at future tests in some of the shallower Bone Spring zones, as you mentioned, the First and Second may be succumbing somewhere down the line.
Paul S. Molnar: Richard, we're in that 5% to 7% range today. Rigs and a few other things are moving. We're seeing a little bit of tightness. We also have some things happening throughout the year, the sand getting utilized against all three of our frac trees on Midland side. We're beginning to help that as well. There's a few things out in the future that we're looking at as far as steel tariffs and some other things that we don't have full clarity on. So to go and change our estimate today is a little premature but we did take in account that we would have it basically Jan 1 through the whole year. That hasn't been the case to-date but again we still have a lot of time left in the year.
Michael Anthony Hall: Okay. And I guess then related, is there a Midland price discount that on its own would reduce your activity or is it really just – what's the overall corporate cash flow and underlying activity to that? Or is it independent...
Michael Anthony Hall: Yeah, makes sense. Seems like you provided some good signals to us today anyways. And then I guess the last one – sorry. Go ahead.
Michael Anthony Hall: That's very clear. I appreciate it. One last one little one on my end. Can you just clarify the differences between term and firm as you think about it and describe it in the deck? I just want to make sure we're all thinking about it.
