Richard Doleshek: The costs incurred, we'll have the complete breakdown of that in the K that we expect to file tomorrow. But basically, if you're looking for numbers like acquisitions, $109 million of acquisitions on the development side, and again the costs incurred include things like ARO and accrued capital since the costs incurred are going to look on the development side almost $990 million and then exploration is going to be about $146 million. So total, when you look at that supplemental disclosure, it's about $1.24 billion. And then the PV10, on a pretax basis, is about $3.6 billion. On a post-tax basis, the supplemental measure is going to be about $2.7 billion.
Richard Doleshek: And the other thing just to remind you, we've had almost a $20 increase in crude oil prices over the past several weeks and as we saw in the past when crude oil moved above $100, the historical percentage relationships between ethane, butane and the NGL components versus NYMEX crude widens, so that the actual realizations don't track oil prices and that's a common misconception, I guess, that some people have that there's a one-for-one increase in NGL revenues for every dollar increase in NYMEX crude oil and that just is not true.
Richard Doleshek: The deferred tax calculations. Let's just kind of boil it all down, 2010 we're going show $14 million of cash taxes paid and that’s some timing issues. But really, we're going to have no real federal income tax liability in 2010. As you know, when we do the March market calculations for the derivatives portfolio, the impact of the value change runs through other comprehensive income; however, the tax impact does run through the income statement. So it's kind of a weird mismatch, and most of the things that go on with the deferred taxes versus current taxes, and it looks like credits and things are happening has to do with the geography of where the changes go, one being OCI, the other one being on the income statement. So that's probably what you're seeing. Assuming in 2011 that nothing changes in the federal tax code with the drilling activity we see, we don't really expect a lot of cash taxes in 2011.
Richard Doleshek: It's Richard. We've talked about our midstream business and I think it's one of the sort of hidden assets in the company. We didn't talk a lot about it when we were at Questar because we couldn't get to it. But our number one priority with the midstream businesses is to control our density and making sure our molecules get from the wellhead to the point-of-sale and so control is the number one issue. You've heard Chuck say it's a competency of ours, not necessarily the core competency, but a necessary competency, but the short answer is we don't have to own it all to control it. And certainly there, we have a very visible inventory of gas-rich projects that we could spend a fair bit of capital on over the next three to five years. And so I think if you think about as a potential monetization, it’s certainly an asset we could sell. We're not sure that the market appreciates the value of it inside QEP. You're never going to see us sell the majority of it and in terms of what we would do with the cash, certainly, in a rising commodity and gas environment, we put it back in the ground, and in an environment what we see today we would take those proceeds and pay down debt. All that being said, we’re not signaling that we're doing anything with the midstream business. It's certainly an idea that we've talked about and continue to talk about.
Charles Stanley: Well, last year, we were about 90:10 in the E&P business. It will go down to somewhere between 80% and 85% gas. And David, that doesn't include the incremental recovery that's net to QEP Resources forecasted from the Blacks Forks II plant. That's just the volumes that we would report in our E&P business.
Charles Stanley: It probably gives you another 5% so that gets you down to the 80:20 mix. That's on a 6:1 basis though obviously.
Charles Stanley: Sure, as you know, there's a stack sequence of individual sand bodies. The shallower ones, we call them the Caldwell and Cherokee, which is a local name and those have been the topic of quite a bit of discussion over the past 24 to 48 hours. I think we've said this repeatedly that the shallower horizons tend to be very high quality. They’re borderline not even tight sands; there are some high porosity, high permeability zones present in the upper part of the section and we saw evidence of the high porosity and high permeability and interference from existing vertical wells in the first well we drilled, the Perrier well that we drilled back in -- over a year ago and reported back when we were part of Questar. In fact, we had trouble drilling out frac plugs and ended up getting stuck and left a bunch of junk the hole as a result of partial depletion. As you go deeper into the section, into what I call the alphabet soup of Granite Wash zones, A, B, C, D, E, F, and again those are local nomenclature and may not be transferable across from one company to another. Those zones get tighter and tighter. There's questions about lateral continuity because we just don't have a big enough network of vertical wells in our area to know for sure that they’re continuous over even a section. And then as you go down into the Atoka, the formations get tighter and tighter. The Atoka Washes tend to be the lowest porosity and lowest permeability. So with that backdrop, the shallower stuff, we've never thought about development on any more than a couple of wells a section in the Cherokee and in the Caldwell. Down in the alphabet soup washes of the Granite Wash, we just don't know because we don't have any experience with drilling wells in these things to know how continuous they are and really how variable the porosity and permeability is, although we can tell that they're much tighter than the Caldwell and Cherokee. So it’s maybe three or four wells per individual horizon and there are four or five alphabet soup targets that may be perspective and we've seen well results in other places like the Lower Cotton Valley and Northwest Louisiana and rock similar to that, that yield economic wells. Going down into the Atoka Washes, from the wells we've drilled today in the Atoka Wash, we've drilled quite a few now. These are probably four well per section targets, just based on the well performance and on our calculations of gas in place versus recovery. So that's sort of the rundown. So four or five obvious targets and then a bunch of discontinuous questionable targets that we'll get to. In our sort of summary sheet on plays in our IR slides, we enumerate I think a sort of mid-80 sort of target inventory and that's based on what we know today David, and that's with limited drilling.
Charles Stanley: Well, we'll have one rig that will jump around and drill some Sussex wells and maybe test additional Niobrara targets in the second, the more traditional play concept down in the DJ Basin. But given the repeatability and the potential that we've seen from recent wells drilled in the Sussex, we may focus our efforts there first. Five to seven wells and we'll see, obviously it will be dependent on results of our drilling and the offset operator results.
Charles Stanley: I can comment on it in general, not about Devon because obviously I don't work for them, but the shallow sandstone reservoirs in both the Vermillion Basin and the geological equivalent formations down in the Uinta Basin, they've been targeted for development for years, the Mesaverde equivalent section and it has different names in the Vermillion Basin, Canyon Creek and Trail Sands and other formation names, are well known gas producers, but they're also well known because they have a fairly high Btu content and free liquids production associated with them and our processor company, Questar and Wexpro developed the Canyon Creek and Trail and Hiawatha areas years ago, starting back in the 30s and the production history from those wells would indicate that they do have a substantial liquids component. We have drilled a handful of wells in the Uinta Basin, testing the same concept on our acreage, a large 110,000 to 120,000 acre block in the Unita Basin as a contiguous federal unit called Red Wash and we've seen encouraging results there. One of the things that we're focused on is making sure that we understand long-term well performance before we go forward because obviously when we start drilling a lot of wells, we're also going to have to increment processing capacity and that would be in both the Vermillion Basin and in the Uinta Basin.
Charles Stanley: I was hoping you'd tell me the answer, what you want and then I'll tell you what we're going to do. But I think the obvious overarching focus of this management team is on investing in profitable growth and so we're looking at deploying capital in plays where we can generate acceptable returns on invested capital to current commodity price and that will drive ultimately – we solve for capital allocation first and then see what the answer is as far as growth and it just happens to be in that sort of mid-teens spot, and we think that these assets that we control and our low-cost structure allow us to remain profitable in a fairly low commodity price environment and generate acceptable returns on invested capital. So our planning process starts with the sort of philosophical edicts that I mentioned to you earlier, living within cash flow and then a focus on returns and then we run it through the model and then that tells us what the production growth is going to be and that's what we tell you. It's not that we sit around trying to figure out what you want and then back-solve for how much money would need to do to get there.
Charles Stanley: We reported $204 million of EBITDA for 2010 in the Midstream business and with Blacks Forks coming on, remember it's probably going to come on in the fourth quarter and so if you kind of annualize what the impact should be and the biggest challenge is trying to say what's your feedstock, your gas costs going to be versus your NGL price going to be. But you kind of use a normalized 10-year kind of average feedstock cost and the NGL price cost. Think of a number in the $50 million to $75 million a year range on an annual basis. And again, it's not going come on until the end of the year. So the most aggressive is going to be a quarter of that.
Charles Stanley: As you heard us say before, the plays are going to be full day one because right now that NGL stream is going down, the sales pipe is, it's gas BTUs versus liquid. So it's not like we've got to go out and hook up new wells, it's going to be full day one.
Charles Stanley: Everybody's evaluating it. I haven't seen any results. The Smackover is pretty deep under our acreage. We actually have a well that goes into the Smackover. It doesn't look very impressive to me. Keep in mind as you get deeper, the Haynesville is already in the gas window so anything underneath of it, under our acreage is going to be in the gas window. And the Smackover historically has been in the sour gas realm and the particularly nasty sour gas realm so it's been in actually a formation that we've tried to steer clear of in frac-ing our Haynesville wells and then where we land our laterals to make sure we don't get into that sour gas, which more likely than not to be present under our acreage, but we're not really focused on it.
Charles Stanley: So the Borie well was drilled on a big structure and we think it adequately tested that structure and condemned the structure, but there is a 10,000 to 12,000 acres downthrown or across the big fault that creates that structure, which would be in what I would consider the "traditional Niobrara play" and therefore untested. All the acreage running off to the northeast -- as far as I'm concerned, the Borie well had absolutely no impact on the prospectivity. The results of that well have absolutely no impact on the prospectivity of the acreage going off to the northeast. And we're just waiting to see other wells drilled out there because we've got quite a bit of term on our acreage and we're not in a big hurry to go out and be the first one to drill a well if we're going to see other operators drill all around us. Up in the Sussex, I've already sort of gone over that. There, there’s a lot more vertical well control. We've got a lot of better feel for the geology and these sands are just so much more predictable and lower risk, and we think we can get after that and get production volumes out of it more confidently than we can going out and drilling wildcat wells on our Niobrara chalk acreage.
Charles Stanley: We've talked about this a lot in meetings with investors. When we look at our inventory and the quality of our assets, when we go out and we look at acquisition targets, we have to run a comparison against the inventory that we've already captured, that already sits inside our company and determine whether or not an acquisition, especially when you layer on the acquisition premia that are being paid for, especially oily or wet gas assets if the returns are competitive with the existing inventory and everything that we've seen to-date, the opportunities have not been competitive. We've got enough captured inventory and enough plays either actively being developed or as we talked about in the case of the wet gas plays in the Rockies and the Vermillion Basin and Uinta in an evaluation phase that we think will result in another very economic play. We just don't see the need to go out and aggressively pursue acquisitions in order to continue to propel growth at least over our five-year time horizon that we model.
Charles Stanley: Other point that I would make, Sulan, is that when you look at the sort of full cycle risk-adjusted returns in the E&P business and you compare them to the returns that we see in our investment in our Midstream business, they're not dissimilar. We like the investment opportunities we see in the business and we see it as a way to profitably grow QEP Resources.
Charles Stanley: We'll probably move a rig from one of our other plays into that play. Just relocate a rig to test those wells.
Charles Stanley: Well, thank you. And in conclusion, we believe that QEP is well positioned to drive profitable long-term growth for our shareholders in 2011 and beyond. We'd like to thank you for calling in today. Thank you for your interest in our company. Goodbye.
