Travis Stice: Sure. I think if you look, Neal, just at our cash cost that we printed this quarter, you would say that there's not been any leakage or any cost pressure that were -- that has translated into execution slippage associated with the lower activity rate. I mean, Neal, if you look at rolling into 2020 before the global pandemic hit, we were running 23 drilling rigs and, I don't know, 8 or 9 frac spreads. That was a pretty quick pace. And I've actually been really pleased with -- as that pace was reduced, in some cases, dramatically last year. Even as we've entered into this year, we really seem to be at a pretty efficient frontier in both rig activity and frac spreads with 11 rigs and 3 to 4 frac spreads. So I think if you just keep watching our numbers that we print, I think that will be a good indicator of whether or not we're being efficient. And certainly, for the first quarter -- in the fourth quarter also, the numbers really look strong.
Travis Stice: Yes. Certainly, that narrative hasn't changed at all. In fact, it's probably gotten a little bit better. And I'll tell you, I was very complementary of the QEP team at acquisition announcement time and again, during our February call and our April update. Operationally, they were doing some really efficient things. And just looking at the drilling report this morning, QEP's always use water-based mud. And Diamondback now, we've adopted it and we're on our first or second well with water-based drilling fluids that quite honestly, QEP is helping us with. And so far, really, really impressed with the improved efficiency using water-based mud. So that's been a nice add to what I thought was already a really efficient Diamondback legacy operations team. This looks to be a little bit of a stairstep in the right direction.
Travis Stice: Certainly, we were really pleased with the interest in the Bakken divestiture process. Now granted, we were the beneficiaries of commodity price run-up and some previously announced deals in the Bakken that I think put some wind at our backs. So that -- I think that piece of the A&D still seems to be pretty frothy, particularly on the PDP-focused type of divestitures, a lot of interest in that. But specific to what Diamondback is looking for on a go-forward basis, we still remain very resolute in our strategy that it's got to meet internal objectives like free cash flow, and it's got to be return accretive on a per share basis. And when you look at the combination, we've got to accelerate return of free cash flow. The larger trades that -- particularly the ones that you referenced, it's -- the quality of assets that fit for capital in Diamondback's top quartile are probably fewer than greater. And the prices that were recently announced on some of those trades might have coiled some of the activity for a little while anyway. But I think as long as we can demonstrate that were being accretive on a per share basis and that we're accelerating return of free cash flow, we're going to continue to look in the Permian Basin. But the opportunity set is pretty narrow right now.
Travis Stice: Yes. Sure, Neil. I think it's good for our industry that we continue to talk about investors recouping a return for the money that they've asked us to deploy. I think that's good for our industry. And you're right about reaching certain debt targets and these announcements that we laid out yesterday to simply accelerate the time frame at which we can hit those debt targets. I think the callable debt reduction of $1.2 billion or more by the end of this year is going to put us in a favorable position to start talking about what the next step is. I also think that our industry has seen a lot of interest in laying out a formula for how capital allocation is going to go or capital allocation and returns to shareholders is going to go. And I wish that our industry was as simple that you could put a formula in place, and formulas work as long as the world doesn't change. But in our business and a commodity-based business, we know that our world does change. So I'm always a little leery of trying to promise delivery on a formula when we know the world is going to change. But the options are very clear. The strategy around the variable dividend is part of the future discussions at the Board level, as is share buybacks, and most importantly, like we've always committed to, continue to lean into our base dividend. So we're very pleased that we're able to accelerate our debt reduction targets with kind of a very positive divestiture number. And we're going to continue to deliver on -- through our performance and try to avoid making promises multiple quarters in front of us.
Travis Stice: Well, certainly, the synergies that were in excess of what we promised stem from the refinancing of the locked QEP's debt. I think we talked $40 million. We didn't even describe that as a synergy at acquisition announcement time. The specifics around lowering the breakeven cost has to do with our capital allocation of moving rigs into this newly acquired acreage, both Guidon and QEP. And while I can't formulaically give you dollars and cents how much our breakeven cost has come down, we do know that doing higher cash flow-generating projects at higher rate of return is going to translate to a lower breakeven cost.
Travis Stice: Gail, back at the Energen announcement time, I think I used the phrase that we checked our egos at the door when we brought the Energen team on board. And this is just really -- as Kaes highlighted, this is another example of checking your egos at the door, and let's just try to figure out what's the best way to do this for our shareholders. And really proud of the operations organization. Once again, they've done so. And we've not really had the QEP team inside the fold for very long, but that they're already making a very positive influence.
Travis Stice: Yes. Specifically, for Diamondback, we talked about CCUS technology and emerging trends with that. I think a good analogy for our Diamondback shareholders would be to see how Rattler participated alongside subject matter experts on long-haul pipe. We don't expect to become subject matter experts in income-generating projects, CCUS type projects. But we do anticipate aligning ourselves with those that are -- those experts and try to do those technologies. That is -- those emerging technologies are not months or -- they're quarters away. And there are things that -- there's new technology emerging, and we're trying to stay abreast of it. And when I talk to my industry peers, it's a very similar tact that they're taking as well, too, is to try to be extremely fast followers and figure out what emerging technology needs you need to lean into the soonest. But I think it's an industry trend for sure.
Travis Stice: And also, Leo, just operational, what we talked already on this call about the water-based mud, using big rigs for drill-out, some of the other cementing practices that Diamondback is now adopting from QEP learnings, those all translate directly to lower dollars per foot, and that's -- those are direct synergies as well.
Travis Stice: Yes. That's a fair question, Richard. But I just -- I don't know what that number is going to look like yet. There's too much that's still emerging in the form of new technology development. And I know it's important, but in terms of what percentage of our capital is going to be allocated towards that, I'm not comfortable communicating that yet because it's -- quite honestly, we don't know what that answer is.
Travis Stice: Yes. Certainly, I wish most of the decisions that I had to answer were binary, yes or no type of questions, and this is not one of those. Just from a macro perspective, you know that OPEC+ is effectively controlling the market right now, and it's having an outcome of reduced inventories. And against the backdrop of still a fledgling oil demand recovery, which quite honestly, might be negatively impacted by the unfortunate outbreak in India, it's just still -- in our opinion, it's still too early to be talking about growth. There's no clear signal. Now do we need to get to 0? With OPEC+ being retailed, I don't know that, that's the right answer either. We still got to assimilate 1 million or 1.5 million barrels a day of our and production likely coming back on. So it's an evolving question. But as it pertains to Diamondback, there's no clear signal for us to grow volumes, and it's unlikely that you've seen any of those signals this year.
Travis Stice: Yes. I think that's certainly an evolving question as well but -- or a revolving answer as well. But certainly, we wanted to get our absolute debt reduced to where we were before the QEP and the Guidon acquisitions, which were almost there. I think in terms of leverage target, of course, leverage is a function of EBITDA, a function of oil price. But leverage targets, the Board mandate has had us below 2x since the IPO, and we'll be there now sooner rather than later. I think the longer-term run rate for leverage is probably 1 or below, and it's going to take multiple quarters for us to get there, but certainly encouraged with the way our forward outlook plan looks and our debt retirement strategy.
Travis Stice: Thank you again, everyone, for participating in today's call. If you have any questions, please contact us using the information provided.
Kaes Van’t Hof: But most importantly, there has to be inventory that competes for capital right away, right? We -- while this industry has moved towards financial metrics, that can't be the only numbers that we look at when we think about what makes sense in terms of an acquisition and sticking inventory in the bottom quartile or bottom half of our existing inventory just doesn't make sense to us from a returns perspective.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. That's right. We hadn't posted a full inventory update since the beginning of 2020. So this was the first update post the 2 deals. I'd say, generally, we spend a lot of time looking at our development as well as offset development, particularly in the Midland Basin. And I mean, I think our focus is the best zones can still handle kind of 660-foot spacing, which is as tight as we've kind of ever gotten. But we kind of realized that maybe the secondary zone should be spaced a bit wider. And so that's reflected in that inventory numbers we've put out. So secondary zones that are getting codeveloped with the primary zone, which we still think is the right thing to do, are getting spaced at 5 to 7 wells a section rather than kind of 7 to 8, which is the best zones.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. That's a good question, Neil. We're probably sitting on about $450 million or $500 million of hedge losses for the rest of the year at strip today for the balance sheet. So that's the drag on free cash this year. I think it's fortunate that we are losing money on hedges compared to where we were a year ago, but unfortunate that we do have to write the checks. But overall, I think if you add that number back to the free cash number, you can get a pretty clean look at what the future might hold on an unhedged basis.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. Doug, there's not a lot on the Viper side to drop down at the Diamondback today. QEP and Guidon, they, in different ways -- QEP is on a lot of large landowners in the Permian that have been around for a long time and not looking to sell their minerals, and Guidon had a sister company like a Viper that was buying minerals. So on the Viper side, we're certainly sourcing minerals at the Viper level under QEP and Guidon acreage, but there won't be a drop down. And then on the Rattler side, QEP, we've been pretty vocal that QEP did a really good job on infrastructure. I think we've learned a lot on the recycling side from them, who's going to boost our Midland Basin recycling program significantly. And eventually, those assets should probably be long in Rattler, but I think it's going to take a few more quarters for us to get that -- all that worked on and then eventually, drop it down.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. Gail, I mean, I think Travis kind of said it earlier in the call, but bringing the QEP team in the fold, just like when we brought Energen in the fold, we don't need to be the best, we just want to learn from the people that we add to the team. And we learned a lot from Energen, and then we recently just learned a lot from QEP. So as Travis was mentioning, water-based mud on the drilling side, some drill-out techniques on larger pads that are saving us some time. On the cementing side, I think we've learned that we can batch drill and batch cement, which saves us time, and this all reduces time on location and increases the efficiencies, which is why Danny's team on the drilling side is getting kind of ahead of the 2021 program early in the year, which I think is positive.
Kaes Van’t Hof: I think just generally, we're very focused on co-development between zones, particularly in the Midland Basin, and the secondary zones get spaced a little wider. I think, Gail, we did a lot of work at various oil prices on inventory and spacing and EUR per foot. And we kind of found that the benefit to IRR outweighs any benefit to NPV from going tighter. So no one got mad at you for drilling wells that were too good. And so I think we're going to stick with that strategy, particularly with how much undeveloped acreage we got with the QEP and Guidon deals.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. David, I think you start to see that in terms of the wells that we're going to be drilling now, but you won't see it in terms of production until kind of Q4 '21, early '22. I think we're trying to get as many rigs as we can in the Robertson Ranch/Sale Ranch area in South Central, Martin County, some big pads and efficient development going to be headed that direction. Rigs are there right now. I think when it comes to kind of county line in the northern part of Martin County, we've done a lot of technical review with the QEP team and our team, and they've done some things in the shallower zones that we like, some targets that we like in the county line area. So I think you'll see more of the Wolfcamp A, Middle Spraberry, Dean, LS work in the county line area and then more of the deeper Wolfcamp and Lower Spraberry in the Robertson Ranch area.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. That's a good question as well. I think I'll take the well costs first. We put a lot of look at well costs in the deck. Midland Basin was around $530 a foot, and Delaware was actually below the low end of the guide, which I think was just a really good quarter operationally, a little lower sample size as well. But as you think, we did put out Q1 CapEx of $300 million in Q2, implying $375 million at the midpoint. So that would imply we're going to spend $1 billion in the back half of the year. And I would say there's certainly some conservatism on our side. We've been very vocal that we will cut CapEx to keep production flat rather than grow production and spend more dollars. But the ancillary stuff, environmental, infrastructure, midstream, non-op is going to pick up a bit in the middle of the second half of the year, and that, on top of the couple of quarters of true pro forma QEP and Guidon and Diamondback activity, will result in capital coming up slightly throughout the year. But yes, we're off to a pretty good start in the first half.
Kaes Van’t Hof: That's a good question. Certainly, the market has improved dramatically, and that's why we kicked off that -- the Upton County process and the non-op New Mexico process that, we thought in the back of our minds, were sale candidates for years, but the last 12 months have not been conducive to selling cash flow. I think the trend, Derrick, is that a lot of private capital has moved towards buying PDP-heavy assets and distributing that cash flow to their LPs or to their shareholders. And when everyone's doing that, you have a lot of competitive tension in the process. And so that allowed us to get pretty competitive bids on all 3 assets, and we're pretty happy. But I think for us, anything else that's a sale candidate in the Permian has real undeveloped value, and that's not something we're looking to sell right now because I think the market for that is less competitive than a PDP-heavy market.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. David, it's certainly on the schedule. The other activity is getting Bakken sold and getting the refinancing done took priority, but the team is doing their work. I think as you think about the drop-down, we're going to have a very large block across half of Martin County, and so we want to get the engineering right and also build out recycling infrastructure across that block to be able to store, produce water and reuse it in the Midland Basin. So I think it's a couple of quarters away, but certainly, it's on the docket.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. Leo, I think we predicated the deal primarily on G&A and interest. QEP was a low-cost operator just like Diamondback. So unlike Energen, we didn't come out and say, "Hey, we're going to drill 2,000 wells $200 a foot cheaper." But the G&A stuff will start to show in Q3 and Q4. And obviously, the interest has happened today. I think there's probably some upside on the operational front when -- if and when a drop-down happens at Rattler, and being able to connect all of our midstream systems without spending extra capital to add that capacity could be an upside surprise.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. I mean I think what's most important, Richard, is if our Scope 1 emissions go down, you have less incentive or need to invest on the other side to offset it, right? So today, $15 million a year is going into the tank battery side. And I think we put out some new numbers that we're going to replace 200 generators in the field this year and move that to line power. We're then moving towards a Scope 2 emissions number and how we're going to get that down through sourcing electricity through renewable sources. So while Travis says we're going to be a fast follower on the investment side, we're certainly going to be a leader in terms of spending dollars in the field to clean up and reduce our intensity on what we can control.
Kaes Van’t Hof: No. It just means they were noncore, Charles. The key to an asset sale is does that asset compete for capital with the rest of your assets, and these 3 assets did not. I'd say some of the New Mexico acreage was really good acreage. But we're not a non-op producer. So we sold stuff that sits lower in the inventory ranking, and we're going to reinvest it at this time to pay down debt and generate free cash to return to shareholders.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. Paul, I mean, I don't know if that's an either/or answer, right? I think it's an and answer. And like Travis was saying, I think something like a turn of permanent leverage at high 40s WTI is a pretty good hedge, natural hedge for the next downturn, but I think you also need some sort of put protection or big insurance policy that if things go really south like they did in 2020, you're still protected. So I think it's a combination. I think hedges will still be a part of our story, particularly with a growing dividend and investors demanding capital be returned to them. You have to protect that cash flow. The only way you can in the paper market, you might do a wire collar or buy puts that are pretty cheap. But I think, again, it's kind of an and discussion.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Well, we sold everything we had in that business for 29% of the business. So I think for Diamondback shareholders, the IPO of Rattler was certainly a win. I think we have to look at the subsidiaries consistently in the lens of what's the best thing for Diamondback shareholders and what's the best thing for the shareholders of the subsidiaries. Fortunately, we've created these vehicles without major conflicts of interest. And traditionally, they traded at higher multiples than the parent. So they've been, I'd say, successful investments. But yes, we got to think about what those -- what value those add. I think in an acquisitive environment, they've added value. And I guess, if we're acquiring less, we'll have to reassess that. But right now, they're still strategic, and we have a lot of value for Diamondback shareholders sitting in the stock of those two companies.
Kaes Van’t Hof: I think the process was very competitive. This was an asset that wasn't going to be getting capital from us. So I think, Paul, we were very vocal that the Bakken was going to be held for sale. I'm personally very pleased with the price we received. It seems like in the fall, everyone was saying, "Oh, you can't sell anything for better than PDP, PV-15." And like I said earlier in the call, I think this industry can't move towards only looking at financial metrics. NPV and NAV still matter. They probably play a lower role than they did in the past. But financial metrics alone isn't going to be the reason why we sell an asset we deem noncore when we did an acquisition a couple of months ago.
