Adam Lawlis: Thank you, Annie. Good morning, and welcome to Diamondback Energy's third quarter 2019 conference call. During our call today, we will reference an updated investor presentation, which can be found on Diamondback’s website. Representing Diamondback today are: Travis Stice, CEO; and Kaes Van't Hof, CFO.During this conference call, the participants may make certain forward-looking statements relating to the company's financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and businesses. We caution you that actual results could differ materially from those that are indicated in these forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors. Information concerning these factors can be found in the company's filings with the SEC. In addition, we will make reference to certain non-GAAP measures. The reconciliations with the appropriate GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release issued yesterday afternoon.I will now turn the call over to Travis Stice.
Adam Lawlis: Yes. And I'd say Brian on top of that, we've been modeling brackets for a long time in Spanish Trail, in this case Q2 – or sorry Q3 was extraordinarily difficult in Howard County because of the size of the pads offset us, right? Traditionally, we've completed four well pads. So the east of us there's a 24-well pad completed and that frac spread was on-site for 2.5 months and so that's a significant hit even higher than what we originally expected. So that particular field, the Howard County field was hit by about 12,000 gross barrels of oil a day for the whole quarter, which on a net basis is about 8000 net barrels a day.
Adam Lawlis: And Derrick, I just want to add, since you brought up slide 7. When you look at the $55 oil bar, it's a $675. As I said in my prepared remarks, we had originally communicated $750 million of free cash flow at $55 oil. But the deterioration of NGLs right now at $13 a barrel, we lost $7 a barrel relative to our last communication, and that's about $100 million worth of free cash flow that went away from us in that scenario.
Adam Lawlis: Yeah, Jeff, Vermejo is the cheapest of the three fields in the Delaware Basin from a DC&E perspective. So we did have a lot of Vermejo wells come through in the third quarter, which is why that number looks low relative to the guide. But as Travis said, we're not guiding to service cost reductions from where we are today, we certainly expect to continue to see some deflation and continue to get some efficiencies. But for the third quarter relative to 2020 really that's more a higher percentage of Vermejo rolling through the capital side.
Adam Lawlis: Yes Ryan pad size been changing, the mix of the wells within the pad is changing. So overall your facility size and spend is similar. Now in 2020, we do have more gas lift projects in our infrastructure budget. Those are one-time expenses that should roll through in 2020 and help LOE over the long term.
Adam Lawlis: I think if you go back and look at the previous communications that we've had about what our primary form of return to shareholders is and that's in the form of an increasing dividend. And that's what we intended to do on a go-forward basis.The variable distribution something that's really not something we've considered. We don't want to overly complicate the business. There's not a lot that you can do with free cash flow. And we believe we've addressed each of those in the form of share buyback potential for – as we said, we're always going to increase the dividend on a go-forward basis and that's what we intend to do.
Adam Lawlis: Yes, we've got wells - I think I mentioned earlier, we've got wells in Spanish Trail that have been what - frac hit five or six times over the last five or six years. And as we go through into down with our reserve auditors, you see the frac hit and then you see the recovery back to the former decline rates. So, having to do the vintage, it just really has to do with the proximity of where the offending waters being injected in the frac operations.
Adam Lawlis: Yes. So, oil decline - base decline is 36%, 37% next year. BOE base decline is 33%. So, you will see a little bit of a lower oil percentage if you went into maintenance mode or if you went into full decline. If you went into a maintenance mode, we kind of estimate you lose from an oil percentage perspective 1% 1.5%.
Travis Stice: Yeah. So I'll answer in reverse. The OFS costs, we just baked in what we actually saw in the third quarter. So again as activity level continues to slow down out here in the Permian, we expect to continue to see service cost reductions and actually is going to provide a tailwind for our free cash flow generation next year.I think specifically the risking that we took on frac hits was more aggressively modeled this year than we did in 2019. And what that means is that you actually end up with a more severe hit across more wells that last longer.But also when you look at the things that impacted the third quarter and how that adjusted some of our assumptions on a go-forward basis even down to the details of like how long it takes for a well to recover once it's been watered out. And we've extended that time. When the co-development of some of the zones we've talked about, we've extended the time-to-peak production in order to also reflect kind of what we've seen in the third quarter.But look when you have a miss of the magnitude that we did in the third quarter, you really have to like I said in my prepared remarks re-examine every single thing we've done. And we - every single assumption that was made and we've done that. I mean, we're down to - we're looking at the daily increase in your hertz rate on sub-pumps after frac.We've really broke the business down into a fundamental part. So I think when you stub your toe like we did in the third quarter, you've got to be able to adjust your future forecast to make sure that that you can hit those numbers and we've done so with the assumption we put in place.I think the rig cadence and completion cadence, the low end of our guidance probably is going to reflect in order to – if we hit that low end, it will probably be a function of slowing down activity. And the high end of the guidance is probably a function of saving some money and maybe getting a couple of more wells drilled and completed during the year.
Travis Stice: I don't think there's any read-through to M&A. M&A is a function of a low-cost, high efficient operator acquiring assets that we can do more with under our execution and cost structure than others can. But it does reflect – it does reflect how we think about the future. We believe that these – we believe that these co-development is fundamentally the right thing to do and that's the way our strategy is laid out for the next several years.
Travis Stice: Yes so specific, as we've done the forecasting in 2020, we've looked at each individual field. And so we've gone back and historically modeled the number of days of zero production of oil. And then once it starts returning oil, the number of days it takes to get back to peak production.And both of those two elements, the number of days that it produced zero plus the number of days that it takes to get back to peak production were extended in our forecast for 2020. And we've done that in each of the areas.Now, again, what we've seen is they do return to peak production. And so that's why I make the comment that it's not a reservoir issue because the EUR, the area and the curve remains unchanged. It's now the delivery of that EUR has been more conservatively modeled with respect to these brackets.
Travis Stice: I'll just add to that Brian. When you look at what we've been doing in Spanish drill now for over five years, we've seen the impact of frac hits and are confident that because of that experience, we've seen full recovery. And it's not just the first time you hit it, some of these wells in Spanish Drill have been hit multiple times, but each time they returned back to their previous forecast.
Travis Stice: Yes, certainly the things that impacted us in the third quarter, we believe we've addressed those more aggressively or more conservatively in the form of forward guidance to spend the same CapEx next year, or the midpoint of the CapEx and coming at the low point of the oil guide, then you've got to have something, you've got to have poor well performance that we're not expecting right now. And we've not guided that direction at all. As I said, the low end of the guide is more a function of lower total activity.
Travis Stice: Yes, I think the quarters, again, we've learned what we saw in the third quarter of this year. And so the guidance that we put in place reflects a more steady guide of Vermejo and GlassCock County wells on a quarter-over-quarter basis.
Travis Stice: Yes, Derrick, I mean, that's all dependent upon activity, right? I mean, at the same activity level, cash flow would still grow. In 2021, I don't think it would grow 11% to 15%, but you would still see growth. We feel like we have a lot of tailwinds going into next year, particularly 10% better realizations on the oil side for the year. We've got some LOE tailwinds where LOE is going to be declining throughout the year next year. So that all supports a lower breakeven as we continue to grow, but don't continue to spend every dollar we make back in the ground to fund that growth.
Travis Stice: No. Complexity is part of our fundamental DNA. What looks complex to our investors, we intend to make look simple. And organizationally, I've said I think in the last earnings call, I said we we're probably 150 people short. And we're probably still somewhere around 100 people short. And that's across every aspect of our business. But I'm not going to stand here and say that the function of third quarter was a result of one either complexity; or two lack of people that we own it. And that's what you expect me to do is to staff the organization adequately and to simplify complexity and that's what I intend to do every day.
Travis Stice: Yeah. No, the oil goes down on a year-over-year basis because when you add in a Jo Mill or a Middle Spraberry well into four-zone development, it has a different oil delivery type curve than does the Wolfcamp A or the Lower Spraberry, which we've historically had a heavier dose of those two development zones. So when you look at the oil relative for a four-zone where I've added in the Jo Mill and the Middle Spraberry, you see the corresponding impact.
Travis Stice: Yeah, listen as I prepared for this quarter, we go through our normal quarterly review process where we do a well-by-well analysis of wells that were contributed in the quarter. And I couldn't be more proud of the continued focus, laser-like focus of the operations organization on driving cost out and improving recovery. So that part of our DNA is spectacularly in place and it's something I'll monitor almost on a daily basis.
Travis Stice: Yes, it's not a precise calculus granted but we had to balance is we're trying to and we believe we have presented a business model that has this kind of sustainable free cash flow on a go-forward basis. And so, if we had lower growth and greater cash flow in 2020 then you're going to impact the out years of your development plan.So what we believe we've done is struck was an appropriate balance of maintaining and sustaining the free cash flow generation that this machine is capable of but at the same time kind of at the upper end of anybody out there in terms of production growth. And listen, I still believe that Diamondback is the best executor and the lowest cost producer which should grow. And that's what we've presented in the 2020 guide.
Travis Stice: Yes, Drew. I mean, traditionally, the base production we assume high single-digit downtime as a percentage of total, 6%, 7% downtime that number has stayed about the same for your base production. What we've risked is the additional production, right? So not only are you you're risking the new wells put online, but on top of that via the data we have, we shut in offset wells within a certain perimeter of the well getting completed ahead of time. So your traditional risking stays in place, but on top of that, you need to risk any well that's being watered out within a certain parameter or a certain diameter of the well that you're completing for a certain period of time.
Travis Stice: Yes, communication between us and offset operators is important. I think in the Midland Basin, particularly where we're all really close to each other, and there's not big fields, that's important. But we model that impact via some conservatism. And we also know where those guys are operating. We have a view into their six month frac schedules. We take that into account. I think what happened here is you had a larger pad on watering us out for a longer period of time than originally expected, and therefore, going forward in those fields where we have offset operators, we're very conservative on the water out piece there.
Travis Stice: I think just to wrap that up. I mean we've got the visibility; we believe we've got more data analytics-driven decisions data analytics now that can increase the predictabilities effect. And we've accounted for that in on our go-forward plan, probably more so in this year's plan than any plan we've previously submitted.
Travis Stice: Yes, not too much, Drew. Project size isn't changing much. I'd say the type of wells within the project is changing, right? So Midland Basin, we still do 4, 5, 6 well pads, but there's more co-development between zones. And so from a production growth perspective, we are going to get back to growth in the fourth quarter and grow fairly consistently through the first half of 2020. And there's not a big lumpy quarter in that assessment. It's going to be consistent pop growth and production growth.
Travis Stice: Yeah, Asit traditionally, we model about 8% 10% of our total production being watered out at any given time. I think as you think about the fourth quarter, Howard County is coming back. Today that field's back up to 40,000 gross barrels a day from the bottom of 25, but you are watering out other areas such as Spanish trail and small stuff in Pecos. But on an overall basis, I'd say as a percentage of total production, our frac hit will be lower in Q4 than it was in Q3 and pretty consistent through 2020 especially as you get to full year development in the Midland Basin.
Travis Stice: Yeah, I think we're excited about it in the ReWard area and the Vermejo area. As you get into our Pecos County asset, we're more excited about the second bone spring and the third bone spring. So while we're not as excited about the second bone in ReWard and Vermejo that's where the third bone is prevalent. And then on the contrary in the Pecos area particularly on the eastern portion - or western portion of the Pecos area, the second bone is probably our secondary zone behind the Wolfcamp A.
Travis Stice: Yeah, Jeff I'll take the Delaware first because it's less of an impact in 2019, let's say the Wolfcamp A was almost 90% of 2019 development in the Delaware Basin going to closer to 85% or so in 2020.In the Midland Basin the big move has actually happened in 2019 versus 2018, 2017. So if you take 2018 and 2017, we're probably closer to 65% to 70% Wolfcamp A and Lower Spraberry versus 2019 and 2020 closer to 50% or 55% in the Wolfcamp A and the Lower Spraberry.
Travis Stice: I don't think it will decrease. I think the shift has been made and we are getting what we believe to be all the economic zones at once in the Midland Basin.
Travis Stice: Yes. So very clearly, the Middle Spraberry takes longer to clean up. So you do have less production early time in the Middle Spraberry and the Jo Mill versus the Lower Spraberry. And between the Wolfcamp A and the Wolfcamp B, Wolfcamp A is just so strong. They have a similar production profile between the two Wolfcamp zones but where we are, the B is not as good as the A but still highly economic. So you have high early time production just not as high as what you see in the Wolfcamp A.
Travis Stice: Yes David. So this is the first year where the Carlyle JV is a significant portion of our total well count, 16 wells about 5% of 2020 total well count, that's in the same Pedro ranch which is the Southeast corner of our Pecos County asset. Carlyle and Diamondback have elected to drill out the northern portion of that, the north half of that in 2020. We have to account for that at 100% of the production but also 100% of the capital. And we estimate that JV in 2020 actually produces $50 million more free cash flow. And then we're presenting on Slide 7. So we're putting up 15% of the capital for 20% of the production. And after certain return thresholds are met, we will control 85% of the production.
Travis Stice: No. Dave I think we're going to see another couple of dimes of help here into the fourth quarter and into 2020 on the LOE side. So we're kind of modeling mid-4s for LOE going forward. But every cent counts $0.01 is $1 million of free cash. So there's certainly some benefits and some tailwinds we'll see even into 2021 as we get some permanent infrastructure in place.
Travis Stice: Yes, Jason, we feel like we've got the revolver to a point where we're comfortable. We have a significant borrowing base behind it. We haven't even added the Energen properties, which had a borrowing base of $3 billion, so pro forma borrowing base is closer to $5.5 billion.We're trying to run its company like an investment-grade company and we hope that time comes. And at that point, we would reduce our revolver borrowings to zero and term out our debt. But from an absolute basis, other things to be at the margin certainly, but we feel really comfortable about our growth profile and what our absolute leverage and leverage metrics look like.
Travis Stice: Yeah. I mean, I think, we tried to very accurately describe what we think Q4, 2019, is going to look like and a growth rate on top of that.
Travis Stice: Yeah. Primarily it will be based on free cash flow and being revolver neutral. I certainly think, we have an opportunity here to be a little more aggressive in the near term. But over the long term, it's focused on buying back stock within the free cash flow framework.
Travis Stice: Yeah. Ultimately, we'll move closer to the 1P number. But for the next couple of years, I think, what we've got modeled at this kind of activity pace and that balance of kind of growth and yield you'll - I think, you'll see more of a steady oil cut on a go-forward years.
Travis Stice: Yeah. We certainly - we didn't disclose any results this quarter, but we like what we saw and we've got another appraisal well I think planned back half of this year, or back half of next year.
Travis Stice: Yes, look we need that sector to perform well. They are business partners and they're vitally important to us prosecuting our development plan on a go-forward basis. I believe that the headwinds the upstream E&P guys are facing are also being applied to the service sector. But I don't concern myself with viability as much as I do maybe availability.There could be some elements of the OFS sector that gets put under more harsh pressure than some of the big guys. And that's why we try to be open and transparent with our service sector business partners is to make sure that they understand our plans and we understand their plans.
Travis Stice: No, I don't think vintage is the relevant indicator. It's just proximity. So, if you're within a certain amount of lateral feet from that particular well, we shut in the well we're producing early and then it comes back five to 10 days after the frac job is complete.
Travis Stice: Yeah. They fracked, I think 24 wells, it took 2.5 months to get out 24 wells completed. And I don't know if they had operational issues or not, but that was a long time to be pumping water in the ground immediately adjacent to some of our best oil producers in the country.
Travis Stice: Yeah across the basin, we have good communications with all the operators, and specifically again in Howard County is - those - that big pad that was developed was physically adjacent to the lease line. And so as they continue their development scenarios, they're moving further to the east more away from our good producers. So we think that - again we think we've got models more conservative on a go-forward basis and maintain good communication with all of our offset operators because we do the same to them. So we treat them like we want to be treated.
Travis Stice: Yeah, I'd say the two times standard deviation of that. We traditionally model out good amount, 10% or so of gross production watered out and this was closer to 15% to 20% for the quarter. I estimate that it's probably an additional 4,000, 5,000 net oil barrels than what was expected going into the quarter.
Travis Stice: Yeah, let's just talk about the most germain one, which I believe is you see a potential based on way we haven't modeled the degradation of rate of return. But that's offset because of the fact we're increasing net present value. We believe if you don't catch some of these zones now that we've actually been really surprised how good they've turned out. If you don't catch them now, if you think you're going to come back in five to six years and get them. We've seen that that's just not going to work. I think Energen – legacy Energen assets in Martin County, they did a lot of zone development and then came back in and did zones beneath it. And using that data set and seeing the degradation of not doing them concurrently kind of involving us to make this strategy.
Travis Stice: Michael, let's – yes, I said earlier that if you're trying to compare a Wolfcamp A well in Howard County, which is probably a 80% to 100% rate of return versus co-developing with it Joe Mill or Middle Spraberry, which is probably 35% to 50% rate of return. That's the delta that we're seeing.Obviously, when we've made the decision to singularly develop the zones is really back in 2015 and 2016 when the oil prices and free fall and we were trying to do the highest rate of return, highest rate of return zones. And now we've seen that we believe that co-development is the right strategy on a go-forward basis.
Travis Stice: Yes that's correct. I mean I wouldn't say you can lose it. If you just use it or you'll have significant degradation in seven – five, seven years when you come back and try to get the secondary zones.
Travis Stice: Yes. So really, it's net $140 million of less CapEx but you probably get net $80 million or so less of production cash flow. So on a free cash flow basis you're getting $50 million to $60 million more of free cash flow.
Travis Stice: Thanks again to everyone participating in today's call. If you have any questions please contact us using the contact information provided. We're in the office all the rest of this week.
Michael Hall: Thanks. Just kind of hit on something I was going to ask, I guess maybe coming out again a little bit. Is it the parent well that has the degradation? Or is it maybe parents not even the right word but is it the primary reservoir or those secondary reservoirs that have the degradation in performance, if you come out after it.
Michael Hall: Okay. And it's kind of a use or lose it. It sounds like for the Tier 2 reservoirs and it's those reservoirs that suffer not the Tier 1 if you come back too late. Is that right? Yes that's correct.
Michael Hall: Okay. That's helpful. And then just circling back quickly on the San Pedro JV. So is it right to think that – I mean, the actual net CapEx this year, sorry in 2020, is just shy of 2.7% to 2.9 as opposed to 2.8 to 2.3. Just trying to understand like how the actual cash impact will look for 2020
