Travis Stice: Yes. Thanks, Arun. Good questions. From an activity perspective, not a lot's going to change. Still going to be 75% or 80% of our wells turned in line in the Midland Basin still at this kind of 65 to 75 a quarter run rig. The only difference in '22 versus 2021 is that, remember we have -- we run a lot of rigs into the downturn in 2020 and decided to keep those rigs running to build docks. We drew down about 50 of those docks in 2021, and now are at a steady-state DUC levels. So we got a 50 DUC headwind in 2022 versus 2021, and then a little more infrastructure and midstream spend on the sale. in order to Robert reinitiate that we acquired from GEP and guide on as we get in before field development, there. cash taxes. If the world stays where it is today, oil-price wise, we will have some cash taxes in 2022, in the low 9-figures, hundred-ish to 200 million depending where we are, which is a good problem to have. Hopefully, the commodity prices stay where they are.
Travis Stice: Yes, I'll start with tunnel frac. We picked up our first tunnel frac crews in the second half of 2020 and have been running those ever since. They've been extremely efficient, probably saves us about $25 or $30 a foot. But more importantly, in areas where you have offset production. You can get in, complete those wells, and get out and, therefore, limit your water out effect in large fields, which has been successful for us. So essentially, probably 90% of our wells next year, we'll be done with the tunnel frac crew. We've been running 3 tunnel frac crews this year, plus a fourth spot crew here and there. And I anticipate that can pace to be similar in 2022. And then on the drilling side has been pretty incredible putting the QEP drilling organization together with the Diamondback drilling organization and finding best practices. And this is the first -- and we kind of talked about this last quarter and the quarter before that, but now we've fully converted all of our Midland Basin rigs to the clear fluids drilling system that we're utilizing. And you can see average of ten days spud to TD has been a pretty large step change. And as Travis said in his comments, we all use the same fixed costs in our wells, but
Travis Stice: And Arun, just to add to that point, when you look ahead in the future, it's always hard to see a step change in performance like we have seen this year, particularly on the drilling side. But just like I've said before, that Diamondback has been an operational leader and I expect us to maintain that position even going into the next several years.
Travis Stice: The best way I can think about M&A right now is in share repurchases. I think to make some comments there about try and we don't underwrite M&A or share repurchases at these high commodity prices. And look, right now it's not something that I've been spending any of my time on M&A. I spend most of my time on seemed like regulatory policy related efforts and not the M&A. But, yeah, as you said the comment in the past, it's probably still true today that it's still feels based on these smaller deals rocking seller's market. But that's typically what you see with commodity prices like they've done this year.
Travis Stice: Yeah. I mean, what's -- the benefit we have. We've talked about the efficiency gains, but this year it's kind of been the year of raw materials going up on well costs, steel, diesel, sand, but it's logical that the service piece given labor tightness start to get a little traction. Now, it's really going to be dependent on where the rig count goes. We only added 8 rigs in the Permian in October. If we add a 100 rigs and it's going to be a lot tighter next year from here. But if we kind of find a steady-state then it's getting tougher for the service guys to push price. But either way, with the tunnel frac crews running with 3 crews running, we have no intention of dropping any of those, that kind of consistency for our business partners allows them to boost their margin profile and now that they have consistent work with Diamondback.
Travis Stice: Good question, Doug, I mean, primarily LOE probably comes down a couple of times from where it's been the last couple of quarters with the Bakken contributing. So I think generally moving towards the low 4s and $4 a BOE and on the LOE side. We did keep the Bakken for a little longer than we liked but that kind of impacted the transition employees on the G&A side. So G&A probably comes down a nickel or so and then gathering transportation, certainly higher costs in the Bakken. So you probably see a step change down or step-down and GP&T closer to that kind of 125 to 150 range on a go-forward basis. So given an asset that we when we bought it, when we bought QEP, we've put up for sale right away. Unfortunately, the regulatory environment took a little longer to get it close, but generally, I think we're happy with the deal, is happy with the deal and our cost structure comes down a little bit in Q4 and into 2022.
Travis Stice: Yes, I mean, I think the key value that's up the buyback is going to be opportunistic, not problematic. And as Charles said in his prepared remarks, you think about the buyback in terms of what is NAV at mid-cycle oil prices. Now we can have a long debate about where mid-cycle oil prices are going. But one quarter end, we're not willing to underwrite mid-cycle oil prices higher than we've seen in the last 5 years. I think the key is that the buybacks out there as a weapon for us at our disposal. But overall 50% of cash flows, free cash flow is getting returns. And if we don't get through the buyback in the quarter, there are lots of ups and downs in this industry. We don't get through the buyback in one particular quarter we're going to make our shareholders hold with a variable dividend, the quarter following.
Travis Stice: Yeah. And that's a good problem to have. And considering where were this summer when we had low 70's oil and the stock was 30%, 40% below where it is. I think we're in a great position right now and I think there are opportunities on the buyback side. And we look forward to not being blacked out in a day or two and getting back after.
Travis Stice: Yes, Doug, just to add to that, it's all good. It's hard to think back just 12 months ago when oil price was half of what it is today. And so we know that we're in a volatile industry and we think being cautious and also providing our shareholders the maximum flexibility is still the prudent way to run the business and I hope that the answers to the capital allocation question you just asked demonstrate that they were trying to be prudent in generating maximum shareholder returns.
Travis Stice: Well there is one thing that I think we have to watch very carefully and that's the discipline that the public Companies demonstrate in their earnings call now and again in February. Because it's really -- if a Company comes out there and starts growing, even though I've been very demonstrative that the world doesn't need that growth right now. But if a Company comes out of starts growing and gets recognized in the stock market for that growth, then that's going to change the calculus for our board and how we allocate capital towards growth. Again, I think if you look at the macro conditions, post-pandemic, we need 100 million barrels a day of demand reestablished. We're probably getting close there. More importantly, we need to see the surplus capacity, whatever that number is and the OpEx plus countries being absorbed in the world's energy equation. And then third lead, you need to see kind of the 5-year average of global inventories return. And it's unlikely you will see all 3 of those triangulate precisely, but I think you need to look at the price of oil when those indicators are all pointing at each other. And if the price of world is $70 or $80 a barrel, when those things are pointed each other, that probably means we're in good shape in terms of supply and demand. If on the other hand, oil price is significantly higher than those indicators pointing at each other. Then that's probably our first sign that the world is calling for more -- for more oil. But even having said that, our board is dedicated to making sure that we're allocating capital that's going to generate the greatest return to our stockholders. And as I've said in my prepared remarks, we've rapidly transitioned from a Company that consumes capital for growth to now one that is distributing capital. And we're looking at holding production flat and we're looking at growing per-share measures while continuing to strengthen our balance sheet. And we think that's a prudent way to run our business.
Travis Stice: No. Almost a 100% of our Midland Basin pads or 4 wells or more. And the benefit of simul - frac, you've got to have an even number of wells, given that you're running 2, basically 2 careers at the same time. So less apparent in the Delaware. After Delaware, we're probably 50% 2 well or 4 well plus, and 80% 2 well plus, and the Midland, it's almost a 100% 4 well plus.
Travis Stice: Yeah, that's good. That's a good point, part of that part of the buyback work that we did when we announced it was, we looked at how much capital does it take to grow the business 5% a year for the next 5 years or grow the business 10% a year for the next 5 years versus shrink the business by 5 or 10% a year in terms of share count over the next 5 years. And the law of large numbers kept us up to on the growth side, but on the buyback side of the shrink side, it started to get easier to grow per-share metrics year 2 and 3. And obviously it's stock price dependent, but that was along the work that we did. We do our shareholders own more reserves per share, production per share, a longer inventory life per share. With the buyback versus trying to just follow into the ground and oversupply market that's already pretty fragile.
Travis Stice: Well, I think generally right, got outperformed guidance on oil production, which we've done this year. But what we've said all year is that, if we are doing better than we thought, we're going to cut capital. And that's what we've done in 2021. And I think that's essentially the goal for 2022, even in the face of some inflationary pressures.
Travis Stice: Yeah we heard that before Paul and we've recognized it. Fortunately, the mother ship has gotten very large and so there's less leakage to the subsidiaries, but both have been important to us over the last -- for the last half decade.
Travis Stice: Yeah. I think is just purely we get blacked out. We get blacked out 10 days before the quarter ends and were blacked out until a couple of days after earnings. So we'll assess where we are in a couple of days and be back after it.
Travis Stice: I think we're just going to keep following the prices of the bonds and try to get below may call as we can. If not, the may call is not too restrictive on something like our '24s as you get in the late ' 22, but certainly not looking to take out anything past 2029.
Travis Stice: I like 500 as a minimum, we kind of said that over the last couple of quarters. And I think that's a good starting point for us.
Travis Stice: Yes. The methane rules. I think we still have to see how the final document is written down if that continues as I've stated in my prepared remarks to focus on methane intensity. We're going to reduce that by 70% from 2019 levels by 2024. So depends on where the threshold is, but I've been very pleased with the progress we've made already on reducing methane intensity. And in fact, we've got 20+ million dollars allocated next year to continue those efforts to reduce methane intensity. And if we do things right, hopefully we will be below the threshold, by which the methane intensity applies.
Travis Stice: And look OpEx is going to do what OpEx is going to do. I've said we've transitioned in it that Virbac transition very rapidly from consuming capital, returning capital. And focused on the increase or the growth that we're seeing in per-share metrics. And I've outlined as the macro elements by which the world will be calling on more growth. And I think every quarter that we go through, Diamondback, it's board is demonstrating our commitment to maximizing shareholder returns. And we're doing that right now about generating all this free cash flow this way. But free cash flow is coming to us and our commitment to return at least 50% of that back to the shareholders.
Travis Stice: Thank you again to everyone for participating in today's call. If you got any questions, please contact us using the information provided.
Doug Leggett: Okay. So I guess what I'm really getting at here is at least, it looks like a bit of an inflation offset on the operating cost side rather than on the capital side. I just wanted to make sure I was interpreting that correctly. So it sounds like I'm on the right track there.
Doug Leggett: Okay. So when you -- when we think about the rate -- the run rate, if you like for buybacks, the number could be pretty punchy and I just wanted to get a handle as to how you guys are thinking about that, because one on numbers you could be buying back a substantial amount of your stock. And I'm trying to think, do we run not $2 billion buyback over what period? That's really what I'm trying to get out because it sounds like it will get reloaded at some point.
Doug Leggett: Well, this is a [Indiscernible] noise. $70-oil, it seems to actually got a long way to go before the stock is fairly valued. So I just wanted to understand how aggressive we should be on the buyback assumption, but I appreciate --
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. I mean, we had a really good quarter in the third quarter efficiency-wise. No major issues on drilling, completion went off without a hitch, not a lot of weather. So we certainly don't model for the best case scenario. But this is probably the base that we're going to build off of in terms of inflation going into '22. We went into 2021, got into 7% to 10% well cost inflation. Been able to go the other way. But like Travis said earlier in the call, we don't model in efficiency enhancements throughout the year in our budget. But certainly the organization on the upside is motivated to continue to push the limits. But this feels like a pretty solid quarter in terms of costs that will be tough to replicate in this kind of inflationary environment.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. Scott, conversations with large shareholders have basically said, we want to make sure there's dividends well-protected below 40. Our dividend breakeven for '22 is in the $35-oil range. And we're buying puts at $50-oil. So I think we're still very well protected. I think the dividend is going to continue to grow. The Board talked about it every quarter. We've hit this 10% CAGR since introduction in 2018. That's probably a lofty goal to continue for multiple years, but certainly something we're talking about continuing the dividend growth on a steady basis aggressively. And I think as long as that breakeven stays in the mid to high 30s, we feel pretty good about it.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yeah, that's right. Sorry about that. We still want to take down gross debt. We have a maturity in 2024. We also want to keep a larger cash balance and we've run in the past just for inflation. But yeah, we're kind of saying, hey, listen at least 50% of the free cash flow has got to go back to the shareholders. And if we don't have anything else to do with it, and I think it's logical that more will go back, so I would like to have cash to take up the 24s and be in a position to not have any material maturities until 2029. But like we've gone over the last 5 or 6 quarters, that's not mutually exclusive from our shareholders getting more money back.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yeah, Paul. That's a great question. I think what we're focused on is committing to the -- at least 50% right now, as this industry evolves and you see companies make these types of commitments. You don't want to walk them back, right? So there will be quarters where we distribute more cash than 50%, but also, I don't want that to become a baseline for the next couple of decades. I think we're focused on 50% right now and some quarters will do better and some quarters will hit it that at 50%, but the 50s are for guarantee.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yeah. Good question. And we've seen a couple routes. We've seen some parent Companies buy in their subsidiaries and some sell down. You know, I think for us, it's more strategic just to keep it -- to keep that cost structure. And we can address it more on the [Indiscernible] call. But I think if you look under the hood, we've been really trying to highlight the Rattler story. We signed a new [Indiscernible] earlier this year or this month, that's going to be highly successful for us, with a lot of Diamondback exposure. We've got the Rattler assets dropped down about in another month. So certainly the strategy as a subsidiary hasn't changed and the importance of it to us hasn't changed. I certainly don't think we'd go down the cell route. But we look at costs capital, we look at multiples, and we've got -- if the stock is not working, we've got to think about what to do. But right now, it seems like it's -- Rattlers had a good year. It doesn't have the commodity exposure that Diamondback and Viper, perhaps it's probably under performed a little bit, but it's still generating a lot of free cash to Unit holders of which Diamondback's the largest.
Kaes Van’t Hof: We had a good quarter. We're very focused on hitting our numbers and the benefit of slowing down and not trying to grow as fast as possible is that the operations organization has gotten better. You can see it on the well cost side. It's also happening on the production side. So good quarter all around. I think we feel really confident in the forward outlook and continuing to hit our numbers here.
Kaes Van’t Hof: I think I've said this, 2022 is not going to be long on November second of 2021. We are one of the few companies talking about 2022, we'll see what happens over the next couple of weeks, but probably have about 10% inflation built into there with a little bit more infrastructure and midstream spend, that we didn't need to go through this year. But generally, I think we can narrow that guidance as we get into 2022 and have more evidence. I think the comment earlier, if the rig count goes up a 100 rigs from here, it's a different story. Than if the rig count keeps creeping up 5 to 10 rigs a month.
Kaes Van’t Hof: And then for our multi-year plans, we've always issued multi-year plans at Diamondback. We didn't buy into a multiyear growth plan in 2016 and we're not going to commit to multiple years at flat today. Now, certainly 2022 and 2021 will both be relatively flat production. We think it's worked and capital discipline has worked for this industry. I think this industry has tried a market share war with OpEx before and it didn't work out. So why don't we let OpEx bring back their spare capacity and all stay flat, and we will see what the future holds in 2023 and beyond. But right now we're committed to 2022 flat capital discipline as rollover Diamondback. And as Travis mentioned, we're going to become a net return of capital rather than consumer of capital.
Scott Hanold: Thanks. Good morning. If I can return back to these shareholder return plan. And I think you all said, you're going to at least give 50% back to investors, and could you just give some color around that? Does that mean, if they're not debt take-out opportunities, you'd potentially look at say, increasing the buyback or dividend above, sort of that 50% threshold. And also on, if you can give some color on the fixed dividend. Where could that go? You all get to a point where it just doesn't feel comfortable because of the sustainability at more of a mid-cycle price.
Scott Hanold: Okay. And could you comment on the view on taken out debt? And if you would, focus a little bit more on variable dividends or buybacks, if there's not that take down.
Scott Hanold: Okay. And then as you look into 2022, how do you think? And I know you all are talking about flat oil production into next year. If you were to just outperform operationally, would you guys I guess, reduce your well completions, say in the back half for the year to maintain flat production, or should we assume that you'll have that 65-70 well program next year? And if there's operational performance, maybe you do a little bit better than maintain a flat production.
