Teresa Dick: Thanks, Travis. Let me echo Travis' thoughts and welcome everyone to our fourth quarter and full year 2012 earnings call. We are pleased and excited to report our first quarter and full year financial information as a public company. In today's call, I will be quoting all financial information on a pro-forma basis. The pro-forma financial information reflects the contribution of Gulfport Energy's assets as if the contribution occurred on January 1, 2011. During the fourth quarter of 2012 and the full year of 2012, net income before income tax was $3.5 million and $25.1 million, respectively. We have recognized deferred tax assets and liabilities for temporary differences between the historical cost basis and tax basis of our assets and liabilities resulting from a change to a C-Corp from a limited liability company. Those temporary differences resulted in a net deferred tax liability to us of approximately $54 million. This cost was recognized in the fourth quarter of 2012 with a corresponding non-cash charge to earnings. Our net loss after the non-cash income tax charge to earnings during the fourth quarter of 2012 and the full year of 2012 was a $50 million loss and a $30 million loss, respectively. Our EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $15.4 million and for the full year 2012 was $62.9 million. Total revenues for the fourth quarter were $27 million and for the full year 2012, our revenues were $98 million. During the fourth quarter, we had a gain on hedging activities of $600,000. This consisted of an unreleased of $1.7 million and a realized loss of $1.1 million. For the full year of 2012, we recorded a gain on hedging activities of $2.6 million. This full-year hedging gain is comprised of an unrealized gain of $8 million offset by a realized loss of $5.4 million. Turning to costs. Our combined direct and indirect lease operating expenses were $6.6 million or $15.68 per Boe. This is quarter-over-quarter decrease from our third quarter cost of $18.04 per Boe. Our full year 2012 combined direct and indirect LOE is $23.3 million or $16.59 per Boe. Production tax for the fourth quarter was at $1.3 million and for the full year 2012 production tax was $4.8 million. G&A cost for the fourth quarter was $5.9 million or $13.93 per Boe. This is an increase from third quarter as a result of a one-time charge for IPO related costs. Our full year 2012 G&A cost were $10.5 million or $7.45 per Boe. The fourth quarter 2012 DD&A expense is $10.1 million or $23.80 per Boe. Our full year 2012 DD&A expense is $34.2 million or $24.37 per Boe. AS of December 31, 2012, we had no long term debt related to our revolving credit facility and $135 million of undrawn borrowing capacity. In the first quarter, we had drawn down $30 million. As we see the world today, we are currently positioned through a combination of unexpected operating tax flow and increases to our volume base to adequately fund our drilling program through 2014. During the fourth quarter of 2012, capital expenditures were approximately $32 million primarily for drilling and completion of wells and infrastructure. For the full year 2012, capital expenditures were approximately $147 million. This includes drilling completion, infrastructure and land acquisition costs. Turning to operational data. Total production for the fourth quarter was 422,800 Boe, of which 68% was oil and 18% was NGL. Full year 2012, we produced 1,403,600 Boe of which 69% was oil and 17% was NGL. Now turning to guidance. Based on our anticipated drilling program we estimate our 2013 average daily production to be between 7,200 to 7,500 Boe per day. For 2013, the company expects capital expenditures to be in the range of $270 million to $300 million, 67% of which will be focused on our horizontal development. We anticipate horizontal walk off to be in the range of $7.5 million to $8.5 million per well and vertical well cost to be in the range of $2 million to $2.2 million. On the operational side, we project our direct operating expenses to be in the range of $8.50 to $10 per Boe and our indirect operating cost which include our Ad valorem and corporate overhead charges to be in the range of $2.50 to $3 per Boe. G&A is anticipated to be in the range of $3 to $5 per Boe and our DD&A in the range of $22 to $25 per Boe. Turning to our hedging program. The company's goal is to hedge between 40% and 70% of production throughout the year. Currently we have two hedges in place. Our first hedge which is currently active is for 1,000 barrels per day at $80.55 benchmarked at WTI and ending in December 2013. The second hedge which was recently put in place is for 1,000 barrels per day at $109.70 benchmarked at Brent. This hedge will start in May 2013 and continue for 12 months. This was placed in anticipation of the delivery of our barrels in to the Magellan Longhorn pipeline. With those comments complete, allow me to turn the call back over to Travis for some closing comments.
Teresa Dick: Again that will be us switching over to the LOS and that is closer to about 95 realized price on oil.
Teresa Dick: Our initial determination will be in the early spring and I don’t actually, we will re-determine and valuate our production and reserves and we expect to increase at that point. But I don’t have any indication of what that will be at this point.
Travis Stice: Thank you, Teresa. To summarize, we delivered strong results during the fourth quarter of 2012 which was our first quarter as a publicly traded company. We are well on our way to delivering on our volume growth projections of almost 95% from our average production during 2012. We have positive early indications from our horizontal development with plans to drill 25 wells this year along with 37 vertical wells. Our overall development costs on both horizontal and vertical costs are trending down along with our expense structure. We feel like we have the right assets and people to deliver on the exciting 2013 and we feel like we are off to a very good start. On behalf of our board, and the employees of Diamondback Energy, I would like to thank you for your participation today. This concludes our prepared comments. Operator, you can now open the call for questions.
Travis Stice: Mark, what we are going to do is we are going to let results drive that decision. We are still early in the game and we have started flowing back our second operated well down in Upton County. So while we are encouraged on those results, we are going to watch and as those results dictate, I think it is fair to think we will accelerate that horizontal development going forward in the future.
Travis Stice: Mark, we described during the IPO road show just how difficult it is to pry acreage loose in this tightly held basin. In the way that we have been able to accomplish even these 2,500 acres is that it is not a part time job. It is really a full time effort to continue to have conversations with different folks to see if we can bolt-on these additional acreage. It is something we do everyday. So while I can't really forecast how successful we will be going forward in bolt-on acquisitions, I can tell it is something we spend significant time on everyday trying to make sure we can do the right acquisitions that are accretive to our current inventory.
Travis Stice: Well, I think its bad karma to talk about completed well cost on these wells that I don’t have completed yet. But I can, just looking at the drilling side, in terms of days, like I described, we are definitely less days and we are saving cost relative to day fee. So if we can continue to repeat these fewer days on horizontal wells, and come in at our completion cost on our horizontal wells, that’s what's going to drive us towards the low end of that guidance. Just to give you some color, we have got four horizontal wells we are fracing in the next five weeks. So there is still a lot of capital we are spending on these horizontal wells.
Travis Stice: Sure, Gordon. Let me tell you what we have done first from a geoscience perspective. We have taken all of our acreage and we have done some, what we call Phi-H, which is porosity thickness mapping and we have applied but we feel like our best industry cutoffs for those Phi-H thicknesses and we have mapped five different shale horizons across our 52,000 acres. Then with those maps, where there is adequate thickness in there, we laid in four horizontal wells per section. So that’s the inter lateral spacing there. Its four wells per section. That’s where we come up with the 700 locations. When you look at the 700 locations again, four across the section, about half of those are in the Wolfcamp A and B. So about well over 300 in the Wolfcamp A and B. The other half of those, the other 350 are split between, we will go top to bottom now, they are split between the Clear Fork, the Wolfcamp C and the Cline. So those are the additional five zones and we are actually keeping our eye on some operators here that have some horizontal Spraberry shale wells and we have that Spraberry Shale on our acreage base as well but I am not including any of those in the 700.
Travis Stice: Like I said in my prepared comments, all 25 of those wells are targeting the Wolfcamp B but I think it's reasonable expect in the second half of the year that we may test the Wolfcamp A. We know if some operators that are drilling in the Wolfcamp A now that are close to us and depending on how their results come in, we may test a Wolfcamp A in the second half of the year but if we do make that decision, I will provide additional color on that in some later calls.
Travis Stice: The way that those sections are laid out, no. They are perfectly suited for long lateral, somewhere in that 7,500 to 8,000 foot lateral length. They are north-south. So that’s one of the reasons we are so excited about because they lay themselves up very, very nicely for horizontal development.
Travis Stice: Well, most of our leases are past their primary terms. So they are in their continuous development phase. Most of our leases are on like 120-day to 180-day continuous development clause. So we will probably always have some vertical drilling going on and one of the reasons that we would do that it will be to make sure we honor those continuous development clauses. So that’s sort of how we think about it. Obviously we are not going to let any acreage expire because we are passed over development clause date.
Travis Stice: We know, as Teresa just mentioned, we don’t really see a gap but we have got lots of opportunities now. We are in great shape with lots of opportunities in front of us. So we will just continue to look at those and it makes from sense for Diamondback to do that.
Travis Stice: I will let Pioneer about the results of their wells. But I will tell what we did specifically on the Neal well. We followed what we feel like is the best way to frac these wells which is a slick water job where we use about 300,000 pounds of sand per stage and we split our horizontal up in to about 242 to 250 foot inter stage distances. That’s where we get the 30 to 32 stage frac links. When we were cleaning that well out, we got coil tubing stuck and by the time we got it out, we lost about a month by the time we got everything cleaned out of that well. So it is quite possible that we lost a little bit of reservoir energy. While we don’t think its going to impact the EUR, we might have lost a little bit of reservoir energy. But again, when I say, we are excited about that Neal well results, let me tell you a little bit more about why we are excited about it. During the IPO road show, we guided people towards 500,000 to 600,000 barrels of reserves per 7,500 foot well. Since we have got some of our wells onboard and we have looked at industry, we have actually upped our expectations for horizontal wells. Still kind of in a risk way, but we are talking about 550,000 to 650,000 right now in that Neal well. Although its early timeframe, that Neal well is performing at the top end of our type curve for the 550,000 to 650,000 barrel EURs.
Travis Stice: Well, what we are doing is trying to stay consistent with these lateral lengths. If we actually drill a little bit longer lateral and if you just do the math about the 240 foot inner distance right now, inner stage distance, that’s all we knew. That’s all we are doing now, providing more precision on the exact lateral length where that first frac gets initiated and its has to deliver with the well bore jewelry we put down on the toe section and then we backed it up by 240 foot increments. So we stay consistent and I maybe more precise now than I was a couple weeks ago because I have actual lateral lengths drilled now. But its lateral length of about 240 and that’s in other stages.
Travis Stice: Yes, let me talk specifically about the Kemmer well right now. It has been online for about five and half months. It is 57,000 Boe, of which, and this is kind of a good number for you, 85% of that is still oil. So in five and half months, it's still got the real high. Currently doing about 150 barrels a day and 165 MCS a day. Since that well is a last year, well we did get Ryder Scott due to include that in our reserve report at the end of 2012 and we have got ascribe to that well a little over 500,000 Boes of which 71% is oil. Now your more general question on Upton County versus Midland County. While we are extremely pleased with our results in Upton County, we think that the Kemmer well plus the well that we are fracing right now or will frac shortly, we think are gong to be able to be a bit better. The shale is a little bit deeper. We think it continues to get a little bit more brittle which means the frac is a little easier to initiate and the rock crack up a little bit better. So we are more excited about Midland County but we are still excited about Upton County. So we think good things are still in front of us in Midland County as we continue to report these results.
Travis Stice: Well, I will tell you, my kind answer is that we are going to report to you guys just like we do now on quarterly calls, but recognize that we got some these horizontal wells will be a nice catalyst for our performance. We could have some interim operational updates but what I am trying to steer you away from is that I don’t want to be talking about each one of these wells. Every time we bring one of them on, like I said, we have got four wells in the five weeks. So if we now do a road show or go to some of these conferences, we will probably have to operation update in order to have something meaningful to talk about during these conferences and so I made you an interim update but as it sits right now, just know our promise, and I will talk to you about them in detail each quarter.
Travis Stice: Well, in Crockett County, you heard me use the term fast follower. That’s what we are going to do down in Crockett County as well. We approached just recently. Permitted some oils that are close to that acreage a little bit to the north and we are going to elect to do is wait and see how some of the industry's activity supports our acreage down there before we do anything. When we do decide to go down there though, specific to your question, we will drill a vertical hull and look at the Wolfcamp A, Wolfcamp B and potential to see in the form of the whore core analysis and advanced core shale logging techniques. Then they will probably just spin the wheel until we get our results back from the signs that we obtained and then come back and subsequently drill, if we can economically support it. And your second question was moving all the way up to Andrews County. In Andrews County, we are just as excited about Andrews County in terms of the amount of the hydrocarbons that are in place and we validated that through a lot of shale logging that we have done in Andrews County. It is a little bit more interspersed with some carbonate members because of its proximal nature to the shelf's edge but we have done just recently, in more most recent vertical well, we have taken sidewalk cores, and we have done on-site laboratory analysis where we have done some shale tests real time. We are encouraged by the Wolfcamp B, also the Clear Fork up in that area. Again, like we have talked to being fast followers, there's other operators up in Andrews County right now, which we are drilling in the A, the B, and the Clear Fork which is also known as the Leonard. So we got our eye on the ball there as well too. As those results come in and we run economics and consignment we can support an economic horizontal well. We may come back to you with some ideas on drilling horizontal in Andrews County.
Travis Stice: Yes, again, like on the Pioneer question, I let St. Mary talk about their wells, but you are right. The information is out there in the public domain.. yes, we do know quite a bit about those Clear Fork or Leonard wells just based on the publicly available data. There is a little bit of difference there are clear forking on these Leonard wells tend to be a little bit up on the shale's where the majority of our average in Andrews county is off the shelf. So we are a little bit deeper in our Clear Fork and Leonard a member there. This depends on the total horizontal drilling cost for those well and then the corresponding timing cost as it compares to what we think is available to us in the Wolfcamp B and the Wolfcamp A. So it is something we are watching real closely and we just evaluated and due to highest rate of return project first.
Travis Stice: Well, what we are doing is, you heard me talk about cycle time and how fast withdrawal in these oils. So there is one or two things. We need to get all of our horizontal wells drilled due to the fact we are drilling them faster. We have two rigs, or as I think, Mark Lear was asking me, we can, as the results continue to drive our decisions, we can pick an additional horizontal rig up in second  half of the year. So we are going to let that strategy be driven by these well results. Better results, think about more acceleration.
Travis Stice: Thanks again to everybody participating in today's call. I know this was a busy time for you guys because I can judge that by the late night release and early morning releases on the companies you are right now. So I appreciate you carving some time out of what I know is a busy schedule. Listen, if you got any more questions that we didn’t answer, we are going to be in all week. So just reach out to me or Teresa or Jeffrey and we will get your questions answered. So have a great rest of the day and again, we really appreciate, having first quarter behind us and you guys taking time out today. So thanks again.
