Travis Stice: Sure. A lot of questions contained in there. But just generally, it feels like a seller's market out there. Our M&A focus is really intense around selling non-core assets. And look, one of the most important jobs that we have as management is allocating capital. And when you look at kind of a mid-cycle oil price and we kind of use 50 [ph], 15 for NGLs and $2 for gas. The NAV of our stock prices is much higher than where we are today. So, if that backdrop persists, best use of our capital is not in the M&A market, it's rather in the -- even buying back our own stock. But look, we've been very clear what forms, what our decision framework and our acquisition frameworks look like. And we've articulated that in every earnings call. But today, just doesn't feel like that's the right thing to do. So well focus is simply around monetizing non-core assets and really looking hard at our business. So I really like the way our forward plan looks with our existing inventories.
Travis Stice: Yes. I'll take this year first. We are going to close the bakken a little bit later than we expected due to external approvals. And so therefore, we kind of raised our full year guide by about 2500 barrels a day, which is two months of the bakken contribution. But above that we also raised our overall guide for the year up 2% and that's really on an apples-to-apples basis versus our Q1 guide. And really I think impetus for that is some Permian outperformance early in the year. And therefore, I think we're comfortable raising our Permian guidance on oil to 218 to 222 from 216 to 220. And as Travis said, we're not in growth mode, but the wells this year have outperformed and we've cut more capital on the CapEx side than we have raised the production side. So, generally completing 10 fewer wells this year than originally planned in the Permian production up a couple percent, but more importantly, capital down 6% or 7% from where we were before. And that translates to the 2022 plan, which is you know in dark pencil right now. But flat is kind of the case we're modeling. And I think generally holding that 218,000 to 222,000 barrels a day and the Permian flat with as little capital as possible is how we see it today. This -- the number we posted yesterday kind of bakes in a little bit of service cost inflation as we know our business partners on that side are going to be able to push price a little bit. But generally really excited about a high Midland basin percentage of wells completed next year that keeps production flat in a very capital efficient manner.
Travis Stice: Yes. Certainly, what we try to do is allow the flexibility to make that decision when that point occurs. Because we want to make that decision on what creates the greatest return for our shareholders. And if you look at 2022 and you have plus 20% free cash flow yield, that would tend to think it's a more of a stock buyback. But look, we're going to maintain flexibility and try to do what we've always done which create the framework that generates the greatest shareholder returns. And what that number does over time? Look, Neil, I couldn't be more excited about the forward outlook of the company. Our -- what -- even like I said at that mid-cycle oil price and break-even cost of around $32 a barrel, we're making a lot of really good free cash flow on a daily basis as we look out into the future. And we'll make that decision when that cash comes through the doors as to what we're going to do with it. But we've signaled very clearly an evolution in our guidance by talking about you know 50% going back to the shareholders. And that that evolution and guidance is also reflective of a maturation of our business.
Travis Stice: I have to be honest. Our operations organization just continues to just surprise me. I mean, we were -- yes, I feel like we're already the best and doing what we do out here and drilling and completing these wells. And these guys came up with some clear fluid drilling technology that that came over quite honestly from the QEP acquisition. And they've knocked out significant cost. I think it's on slide 10 of our deck. And that just continues to surprise me. Because we're able to back out capital in the next six months of the year, because improve capital efficiencies against the backdrop of increasing cost of goods and services. I don't know that it's reasonable, but you can always forecast efficiencies going up and cost going down and certainly I don't think it's prudent to issue guidance that way. But I'm really impressed with the way our organization continues to lean into doing more with less.
Travis Stice: Yes. So, I'll start with the with the number, 10% to 15% more capital, while that's an increase versus this year. I think what's forgotten is that Guidon and QEP closed at the end of Q1, so we didn't have a full quarter of their capital contribution. So, that's a portion of the 10% to 15% increase I'd say about half of it. And also the other half is, we did have a nice DUC benefit if you see, we're completing 270 wells and drilling 220 this year. So that's about another $100 million benefit. Because when we're running as many rigs as we were into the downturn, we decided to not pay early termination fees and instead build the DUC backlog, which was the best use of investor dollars at the time and we're taking advantage of that a little bit this year. So, I think generally from a crew and rig count perspective, we dropped two rigs this quarter. We'll probably bring those two rigs back. But we'll probably need somewhere around 11 or 12 rigs next year and three simul-frac crews and maybe a fourth spot crew to execute on that plan, which is a testament to how efficient the operations team has gotten here.
Travis Stice: Yes. That's an important question. I think we are above our target so far this year with the shift to the Midland basin. We are going to need to build out some permanent infrastructure on the recycling side to be able to not only recycle the water, but also store produced water, so that we're not using --our freshwater intensity will go down on the Midland basin side. That process is underway. I expect that we have a nice solid connected system across kind of our sale, Robertson Ranch and Martin County positions by the middle to the end of next year. And that's going to allow us to up that number significantly. So, we've used 100% recycled water in the Delaware basin. Usually you're just pulling off the existing system. But on the Midland side you have less water production. So I think storing that produced water and being able to use it and reuse it downhaul is the next step in the evolution. And that should allow that target percentage to come up pretty dramatically over the next couple years.
Travis Stice: Yes. I mean, the electrical substation work is pretty obvious by inspection. Because not only is it positive for ESG and run times, but it costs it costs significantly less than in field power generation. So, we've been working on that for the last few years. Now I think generally we've been ready to take power. It's taken a little bit of time for the co-ops to get to us. But by the end of this year, I think we'll line of sight to all of our major fields being on infield electrification. The issue we have on the frac and the drilling side is I think we're testing some drilling rigs on line power. They don't use up as much power as a frac crew. I think right now our frac crews are more focused on dual fuel and Tier 4 engine capabilities versus tying into line power. And I'll ask Danny if you want to add anything to that.
Travis Stice: Yes. That that's a good question. I think in the near term, paying off our 2023s and having enough cash to pay off our 2024s by kind of into next year, two years ahead of schedule, is feels like a very good place to be, with the break even as low as it is and with the delta between that and current oil prices and us not stepping on the accelerator to grow that does give you more flexibility on the free cash side to build the cash balance and take out these bullet maturities when they come due. But I think in the near term, handling everything prior to 2025 puts us in a really good position. Put this in a gross debt position in the low $4 billions and basically a turn of leverage with a lot of free cash coming to both the shareholders and to debt reduction.
Travis Stice: Yes. Good question. Also Doug, I think it goes down, albeit less dramatically than it has in the past years. I think oil -- our oil decline rate quarter end to quarter end is kind of in the mid to lower 30s right now. I think it moves down kind of a percent or two a year if we keep continue to stay flat. But then also the other spend on infrastructure and midstream we're going to have a little tick-up in infrastructure and midstream next year with the Sale and Robertson Ranch development that we're going to have that came with no real infrastructure. So that spin comes down as well. So I think, generally we'll keep pushing it down by a buck or two a year. And that gives us a lot of flexibility to do a lot of things with debt pay down and free cash return to shareholders.
Travis Stice: Yes, Scott. When you go back and look at the way the board has previously communicated this commitment. We've talked about having a base dividend that somewhat approximates the S&P yields. And then anything above that is another form of shareholder return. So that 2.5% something like that base yield is sort of what we target for that base dividend.
Travis Stice: Yes. I mean, it's generally flat to where we are right now and where our pace will be in the second half of the year, I mean, plus or minus a couple of percentage points. But generally, we're in the kind of 65 to 75 TILs a quarter and 75 or 80 of those are going to be in the Midland basin.
Travis Stice: So, that's a real interesting question, Derrick. there's no doubt that the privates out here in the Permian are really leading into this higher commodity price And notwithstanding the fact that the forward curve is $20 disconnected from today's price. But there's a couple of things that I think should be considered. One is, while some privates do have Tier 1 assets, a lot of the privates or more in the Tier 1.5 or Tier 2-ish and they're not quite as productive. But the reality is that the effect on both Permian production and on costs increases is not zero. It's just going to be -- it's a little bit too early to see what the effect is going to be. But I think the more quarters that pass, where public companies are exercising the discipline of flat production, I think is what our what our industry needs. And the privates will have an impact on the overall equation, but I think the macro element won't really change.
Travis Stice: That's right. I mean, I think we expect to continue to do well. And we expect continued capital efficiency improvement particularly with the new development we have planned in the Midland basin. But this industry is about under promising and over delivering.
Travis Stice: Yes. I mean, I think we've had some inbounds on some non-core assets that don't compete for capital in the next 10 years of our development plan. And so, I think generally there is surprisingly a lot of private capital looking to do things again, in E&P what a twist from six or nine months ago. But I think generally if someone wants to pay for value for something that has no value to our shareholders on a PV basis we'll take that call. And I think there's a couple of areas that that might be the case and no guarantees, we're not a for seller, but we would do what's right for our shareholders on selling some of these non-core assets.
Travis Stice: Yes, Charles. I can't emphasize enough from the board's perspective. That decision is going to be made on what drives the greatest shareholder value. And yes, there's technical questions that need to be addressed. But at the end of the day our responsibility is to generate differential shareholder value. And that's still the problem statement that we'll solve with our shareholder return program.
Travis Stice: Yes. It's part of the calculus, but it's not an either war, right? The fundamental decision to move into the carbon credits was a recognition that we're doing things operationally in the field that's going to get us to where we want to be over the next couple of years. But this is much more tactical. This is a specific strategy that we're deploying that has meaningful CO2 and flaring reductions associated with it. That's why we share the statistics of reducing emissions by 90% on our atmospheric tanks. We think it's really a good way to go. And we want to try to be as communicative as we can on this. Because this isn't a Diamondback secret nor is it something that we're trying to position Diamondback favorably for. This is an industry-wide issue and I think the solutions need to be industry-wide as well. And we want to be as collaboratively -- collaborative as we can be and share these learnings that we have. And this is a very good form to be able to share this technique. In fact some of these came probably from ideas that we got from other operators. So look, I'm very, very proud of the efforts and the results that Diamondback has generated particularly since we drew a line in the sand in 2019. And I'm also really proud about what our industry is doing as well. And the narrative has certainly moved away from us or maybe we didn't take advantage of it as an industry to control that narrative. But we've got to do a better job of saying we recognize what it is we're doing, has an environmental impact and more importantly that we are spending dollars in applying that same innovative thought processes that got us horizontal drilling and fracking and the success we've enjoyed by that. So we're really good problem solvers and we're going to communicate each quarter ways that we're solving this problem on our environmental responsibility objectives.
Travis Stice: Thank you again for everyone participating in today's call. If you have any questions, please contact us using the contact information provided.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. I think, generally, the step change that the team has made in drilling times is going to be permanent, right? And that's going to stay with us through 2022 and beyond. And basically we can do -- what we once had to do with ten rigs with eight now in the Midland basin. And that's where the majority of our capitals can be allocated for the foreseeable future.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes, Neal, good question. I think it come -- really comes down to a variable dividend or share buyback. I think if it's a variable dividend, it'll be backward looking the quarter that we announced will pay for the quarter prior. But if it's a buyback, I think we'll do a little math on how much free cash we're generating essentially per day and buyback that much tough [ph] on a consistent basis. So I think the board and Travis are very focused on which one of those provides the best return to shareholders at the time. And I don't think the answers one or the other for a permanent period of time. There's going to be flexibility to go between those. I think the only thing that is sacrosanct is the base dividend and continuing to grow the base dividend.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. I think on top of that, we think about our break even too, right? So as our break even comes down over time that gives you a little more flexibility to pay the dividend right now. 2022 dividend breakeven is at 35 a barrel WTI. As I alluded to in the last question, if the break even comes down a little bit that gives you a little more flexibility on the base, because like we said earlier in the call the base dividend is sacrosanct and that needs to be protected at all costs.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Derrick, I think generally the new wells that that we brought on the legacy Diamondback position are seeing the benefits of the downturn last year and reallocating capital to more on the Midland basin, but two our best returning assets across the portfolio. So generally, we're seeing early time is outperformance there. A good quarter all around. I mean, even the base production base was -- didn't suffer from a lot of weather or unforeseen events. So, I think generally on the positive side the capital efficiency not only on the cost side, but on the performance is improving and we're pretty excited about what the rest of the year and 2022 holds given the development we're going to have on the assets that we acquired from QEP and Guidon.
Kaes Van’t Hof: And hopefully the longevity of that impact as well given the depth of inventory and on the private side.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes, surely. Good question. With the addition of the bakken assets, those assets come with a much different cost structure than our traditional Permian assets. So on the LOE and the GP&T side, a little pickup there from the contribution on the bakken -- from the bakken, excuse me. We'll say, Permian LOE still remained in that $4-ish range, so you can get a feel for what the bakken contribution was. In the quarter, I would expect that to continue in Q3. On the G&A side, we did have a transition period for a good amount of the QEP employees. That transition period kind of wanes off in the back half of the year. So I think generally, G&A ticks down slightly in the back half of the year.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. I think Q2 was a great quarter Leo. And I think we've been very vocal about no production growth needed from the U.S. So I think we're resetting that baseline back to where we were originally in Q2. So, I think there's a little bit outperformance. And I think like we've said, kind of through the year we'd rather sacrifice capital or cut capital in lieu of growing production. So if you keep beating production estimates and raising your baseline for staying flat, that's really growth. And so, we really don't want that. So generally, I think we're pleased that we can use the 218 to 222 oil baseline for the Permian for Q3 and Q4 into 2022. And hopefully the ops teams continue to outperform expectations and under promise and over deliver a bit.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes, Jeff, great question. I think we see the back relation in the curve. So it's hard for us to hedge further out than kind of the next nine to 12 months. So I think generally, we'd like to be close to 50%, 60% hedged late going into a quarter and build that relatively consistently over the three or four quarters prior to that quarter. What we have done is try to keep these wide two-way callers to not take away upside for our investors. And I think as we get closer to quarters and the time value of money goes down some sort of deferred premium puts makes sense to layer on top of the wide two-way callers. I think generally, we feel really good about where the balance sheets going to be at the end of the year. The free cash flow generation even at 50 TI next year. And so that's kind of the downside we're trying to protect.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Well, it's been very visible on the steel, diesel side and the raw material side. I think I think generally the steel inflation in our opinion needs to slow down at some point. But I think that -- the cost inflation is going to flip to the more service oriented lines on the labor side and on the pieces of the service world that that go up with recount. So I think we've held off long enough on that front. And I think the service industry is able to push a little price here on that side. But I think most importantly what we've done on the Midland basin side is the lowering of days to TD has counteracted any of that increase so far.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. I mean, that's a really good question, Charles and it's a highly debated topic internally on pro cyclical share buybacks. I think what's changed a little bit in the business is we're no longer growing as fast as we can and spending capital to grow and return cash to shareholders. I think generally now with capital being constrained to maintenance, you have a lot of flexibility above that. At the end of the day, we fundamentally have to look at what our NAV looks like on a mid-cycle oil price and mid-cycle commodity price environment. And if we're trading below that even with oil where it is then the buyback makes sense, because that return you know on a PV basis is a better return to buy in the stock market than buying the ground. So that's kind of the analysis that's going to go into it. Today it feels like a buyback is the right way to go. But again, it's still August 2nd and 3rd today and we have some time to make that decision.
