Travis Stice: Thank you, Tracy. To summarize we feel we’ve generated great positive results again for the quarter. We are very excited about these acquisitions because it gives us the opportunity to demonstrate what we do best, execute. We've continued our production ramp, execution is at or near the top in our drilling results, expenses are down, development costs on both horizontal and vertical wells continue to trend down and we've yet to drawn our borrowing base. On behalf of the Board and employees of Diamondback Energy, I'd like to thank you for your participation today. This concludes our prepared comments. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Travis Stice: Yes, I think just to answer the productivity question, we're still early in the analysis of that particular frac methodology, but certainly what we've seen from early time data, the IP in the first 30 days, we've not made any material change to the production profile. Now specific to your question, what we did there was we attempted to pump the same amount of sand and water, as we do in a more typical 19 stage frac job, except we actually spread the inner stage just inside a little bit. So I think it's important to note that we're not going to kind of counter the industry by spreading out the actual clusters, but what we're really doing is just spreading out how much we can place in each stage. So we still got about 85% or 90% of the amount sand plays and water plays in a 10 stage job as we did in a 19 stage job. And the implications certainly if we validate that we have not done anything to the EURs, because we're pretty confident now on IP perspective; the implications are more on a cost side. We save probably $300,000 to $400,000 just on the frac ticket alone by spreading these stages and then we’ve got the other ancillary cost with wireline and frac plug etcetera that also add some additional cost savings. So the implications are more on the cost side then they are on the reservoir performance side Ryan.
Travis Stice: Yeah. It’s really a combination, as I pointed out some of these wells, these guys got them drilled in six point something days, less than seven days. So there is certainly a drilling efficiency piece to that component as well. And then we are also continue to take advantage of surplus of services in some areas out in the Permian and taking advantage of lower cost. And then lastly I want to give credit to the guys for both on the completion and the drilling side to just making sure they scrutinize every cost element and make sure that we are competitive on every cost element of the [AFE] in order to get those cost down to where they are at today.
Travis Stice: Yeah, it does Ryan we probably can get maybe four or five more horizontal wells drilled this year if we are able to replicate this cadence, but the other side of that is on the cost side, we are saving money on all these wells also, which is kind of why we’ve left our CapEx guidance unchanged. So certainly we continued in performance, our stock per pound is going to continue to be impressive. I think we’ve got 18 wells between now and end of the year on the board right now that we got to drill and complete.
Travis Stice: Yeah, the Clearfork drilled really good, I mean they got a 7,500 foot lateral drill up there in 17 days. So the drilling really went for the first well up there, it went extremely well. So really pleased with that and as I mentioned we are going to start fracing that well next week, and then the Wolfcamp B well Ryan, we just start flowing it back, it just start to cut only a couple of days ago, so really, really early times.
Travis Stice: That is good question, Kerr, and I tell you we are going to continue to be opportunistic. I mean we have got the financial firepower to do deals, and if we think these deals are creative to what we currently have in our inventory, we can take advantage of our first mover status in this kind of horizontal development. We are going to continue to push the envelop on acquiring additional assets. But again I want to stress that we are going to be opportunistic and we are going to always balance those opportunities against our existing inventory and make sure being accretive every time we are doing these deals.
Travis Stice: Sure. I think what we're doing is we're evaluating all of our options, but as it sits today, we expect that we’d probably do a combination of taking advantage of the cash on hand which Tracy talked about, borrowings under our credit facility, which as I mentioned are currently undrawn, or proceeds from some kind of offering of security. So likely a combination of those three things.
Travis Stice: Yeah, sure. Good question Kerr. What we tend to do on that well is we had its sister well, the 4301, which is mainly adjacent to it, and we thought that be a good opportunity early on in a programs to do some side by side testing of different frac methodologies. We've always been a proponent of slick water; in fact all the wells we've done besides this one have been slick water frac. But what we wanted to do is experiment with hybrid frac technique, where you start off with slick water and you follow in with linear and cross link system. And that's we did in a 43-2H and the job went exactly as designed. It's just from an IP perspective, it looks like it's down quite a bit from its offset well and we're struggling to try to figure out exactly is that a function of the gel system that we put in there or is there something going on down hole, or in the reservoir or could there potentially be something mechanical. But I'll tell you we're uncertain enough, better right now that you won’t see us in any more harbor jobs in the near-term.
Travis Stice: Mark, I think the most likely next test would be a Spraberry well in the second half of this year and we're in conversations right now with some well partners to maybe potentially get a Spraberry well on the board before the end of the year. And then the other zones, it's hard to look at a Wolfcamp A well that’s plus 1,500 barrels a day, right in your backyard and not being encouraged to go and try that but we're looking on our mapping and picking some locations right now but that maybe late this year and early next year it is.
Travis Stice: Yes, the split of the two acreage blocks and the two nice contiguous blocks and they are perfectly, both of these blocks are perfectly laid out for repeatable 7,500 foot type of horizontal wells. So they are really chunking in these two blocks and the Dawson County block is about 6,000 acres and it's wide on the county package, the Austin County, Martin County line and the other blocks about 5,000 acres and is it’s just a south of that its about, it’s a majorly east of our existing lease hold in Northeast Andrews County. And then from a reserve add perspective there were 34 vertical wells that are producing those 800 barrels a day and Mark, I’ll have to get back with you on the reserve component of those wells, I don’t have it in front of me.
Travis Stice: Sure. And we think I can give you a little definitive answer, I mean we’ve explained, the 432 which may have something to do with the way we completed and it was a longer lateral this Spanish Trail [71] why we are still pleased with, we also kind of experiment with a flowback technique, where we slowed the well back a lot less aggressively and so that impacted the 30-day rate, that only think we need to do with the, we’ll have anything to do to reserves but certainly that’s something we are looking at Mark. I mean, we continue to drive cost down, we still think it’s a pretty much one-to-one relationship between 7,500 foot and even the first 10,000 foot well, but it’s something, we’ll pay close attention to.
Travis Stice: Well, these are one of those numbers that I think that I think we have talked before Eli that we never early satisfied as a number; we think there is always opportunity to drive cost out of equations. I will add in my prepared comments kind of those major leverage that we cranked on to get to the status we are right now, we have got one more and probably major level we are crank on which is recycling the flowback water in our frac jobs and that will take some water handling out of the equation and that will be another potential stat change in LOE. And then the other thing is we are still with preferred rig, we are working on that on the fourth rig that will arrive on the fourth quarter, we will work on the denominator of that unit cost basis as well by increasing volumes. So we have been pretty conservative in the numbers we have posted today $11.37 for the first half of the year. We are going to be at the lower end of our full year guidance between $11 and $13 a barrel and I certainly expect, we will continue to make improvements on LOE going forward.
Travis Stice: Well, when you look at the company of our size, we are almost there right now, I mean we got three horizontal rigs and only one vertical rig and so the vertical rig, we're essentially just doing that to try to maintain lease obligations where we can't meet those obligations horizontally. So, we'll continue to push to drill as few of our vertical wells as we need to and focus mostly on our horizontal. But we're certainly all in on horizontal development.
Travis Stice: Well, let me back up just for a minute, when we talk about these resources plays, one of the reasons that they call the resource plays, because the way that these assets are deposited, they had large regional extent to the place. And probably, now specifically to your question Richard, we've seen the Pioneer maybe well, which I think is about 15 miles from our Martin County acreage, 1,500, 1,600, 17,000 barrels a day out of the Wolfcamp B. We've map that Wolfcamp B from our Midland County acreage of to that well up in the Andrews County where we got the wells background now into this newly acquired acreage and we like what we see. And using our same mapping techniques, we like what we see the two Spraberry benches I talked about as well as the A and as well as the Cline. So probably the furthest northmost well other than the well we're flowing back right now is at Pioneer well and there has been some Wolfcamp A activity in and around our area up there, but some other publicly traded operators up there as well too.
Travis Stice: Yes, that’s a fair question, Richard, and I know there is a lot of interest at what our 2014 CapEx is going to be, but you’ve got away from until about November when I rolled out my full plan and we will be able to give you a real wholesome view of what our 2014 looks like at that time.
Travis Stice: I mean, you look at the same data that we do, Richard. We’ve got a couple of transactions that occurred with our stream Resolute and the Pioneer deal down in the JV area. So those are the same data points that we look at.
Travis Stice: Yes, we might look at horizontal, given the horizontal well, to drill there late this year, early next year. Any vertical wells we might drill might be to access a little some signs, but at this point right now, we are still putting our full development plan together as respect to timing of one more get up and drill, but the lease obligations aren’t so on us that we are going to have to go up there and drill a lot of vertical wells to keep the marks together.
Travis Stice: Yeah, Crockett County, we are watching what industry is doing down there not on the Wolfcamp B, but some other benches are being tested down there as well too. We are going to be a fast forward down there. Those leases are still in their primary term. So don’t expect us anytime soon to drill the horizontal well down there unless industry data materially changes. We might go down (inaudible). Ector County, Ector County the eastern side of Ector County our acreage block has some potential in decline and the Wolfcamp B starts to thin over there so we have got a kind of balance at what point we test the thinner Wolfcamp B to test its prospectively. And in the western side of Crockett County -- I am sorry the western side of Andrews County that block that is close to the [Shalesage], the Wolfcamp is absent almost right up there against the Shalesage and thin is less than 100 feet on the eastern side, but the Clearfork Shale looks extremely good which is why we drilled that 7500 foot horizontal layer. So we think while we may not have the Wolfcamp B prospectivity we more than made up for in the Clearfork and we will test that here in the next couple of weeks when we get that frac done.
Travis Stice: Yes, and certainly there is a greater confidence across all the other zones, but today we looked at that has most excited in Wolfcamp B and we were excited about that Wolfcamp B prospectivity both from the thickness that has been positive there but also the resistivity and the porosity. And then when we saw the Pioneer test on the maybe Ranch post that really nice number that sort of sell force in the Wolfcamp B. So kind of confirmed that we were looking at in the (inaudible). So that Wolfcamp B, we are really confident in and then Wolfcamp A, again even though it's probably 60 miles away down in Midland County that other drilling Nashville Camp A well, again resource basin like these shales are out here in the Midland Basin. They run there nearly for a very long way and we like what we see in the Wolfcamp A and in Spraberry and like I talked about. So our confidence obviously has been of uncertainty around it, we're probably extremely confident about the Wolfcamp B and then we follows with the Spraberry and A after that and then ultimately declines kind of our order in this confidence.
Travis Stice: Yeah. I think the words I used it’s in my prepared remarks was that we're going to be at the low end of our range for the full year guidance, for our full year performance will be at the low end of our range, which is $11 a barrel. And we average in the first half of the year, $11, I think $11.38 a barrel and when we got in the second half of the year ago. So, we just want to make sure that before we start moving our guidance down that we're going to be able to achieve that guidance. So right now just be confident that we're communicating at the low end of that range.
Travis Stice: Yeah. We're still -- actually we're drilling out plugs, so that well is not complete yet. But we'll be in that $9 million to $10 million range, but (inaudible) talking about wells not completed yet. So we got about half the plugs or two-thirds of plug left to drill out on it. So as horizontal well there’s always operations risk associated with drilling plugs.
Travis Stice: That’s correct. And one of the things that we're always tweaking it. As engineers we always try to tweak things and make them better and one of the things we're looking at tweaking right now is the amount of sand we're trying to place in these wells, where we're going 300,000 pounds right now which is typically split 30-70 between 100 [mesh] and a 40-70. We're looking at maybe tweaking the amount of 100 mesh that we initiate these fracs with, but again they are more than substantive changes and more just tweaks to our existing model.
Travis Stice: Yeah, we're not in control of our destiny there, I mean that’s a function of the pipeline and how quickly they can get up to their full capacity. They’ve repeatedly talked about Longhorn, and Magellan has repeatedly talked about late third quarter, early fourth quarter being at the full capacity but what I have said as an operator contributing volumes to that pipeline. It's been a little slow in the uptick on getting up to that full capacity. So we've been prorated, May, June and July it’s around 1,500 or 2,000 barrels a day. So it won't be until that pipeline is at full capacity of 225,000 barrels a day that will be at that 8,000 barrel a day gross number that you referenced.
Travis Stice: Yeah. I think the real numbers, I think we’ve quote a 126 or something but just from an EUR perspective from a long lateral we’ll be in that maybe 500,000 to 600,000 BOE range. We’ve not drilled one yet, so just based on what we are seeing out of that one data point for 7,500 foot lateral that’s kind of what we think. Again as I mentioned those development cost since it is shallower we are going to actually eliminate (inaudible) are going to be quite a bit less. So from cost to develop just how we look at some of our investments its going to be competitive with the Wolfcamp B.
Travis Stice: That will be a little bit below, well actually performance will be a little bit below we are using the economics, so that will actually improve the economics. But again what moves are needed on these wells while LOE is critically important to how we run our business. What really moves these wells is the commodity price and the reserves and the rate, LOE and G&A fall further down the list of importance.
Travis Stice: Yeah. Relative to what we typically see from vertical wells, those wells in Martin County, which is where the majority of those verticals wells sit, they are going to be in that 130 to 140 NBO range. Which actually are going to generate pretty nice economics at our development cost; so, as I mentioned, we didn't acquired this asset for vertical wells, but we do have a nice inventory of economic 20% to 30% rate of return on top of investments up there as well.
Travis Stice: Yeah, and we're obviously very interested in the results of those tests as well [proving]. So I hope those test prove productive and down spacing is something that I can talk to you guys about in the upcoming quarters. But where we sit right now, I don’t know if you are going to call it conservative or not, but we're, we've got six across the section for the Wolfcamp B and in a general sense, only four across the section for all these other horizons. So I hope industry proves up to down spacing works, because we're perfectly position to have a material uptick on inventory, if that works.
Travis Stice: Thank you, Mercy. I know you guys, judging by a lot of late night emails and early morning emails; I know this is a busy time for you. So I appreciate the interest that you guys have in Diamondback Energy and participating in today’s call and we really appreciate the call today. Thanks, everybody.
