Travis Stice: Well, certainly, Arun. That's a good problem to have, right? And I think our cost structure really magnifies our ability to generate that free cash flow. First, the operating metrics of the company continue to just look outstanding. So I'm really excited about that, and we've evidenced it now, for a couple of quarters. But at the board level, we consistently talk about leaning into the base dividend and continuing to enhance our shareholder as a form - as a way of enhancing our shareholder return program. And it's really, like I said, a problem of blessings to have that kind of free cash flow. We want to continue to work the debt quantum down, which we intend to do so. And we'll do like we've always done, and be creative in returning that money back to our shareholders. I've been very demonstrative in our stance of not trying to grow production. So any fears that we're going to take money and start drilling more wells with it this year is just off the table. So it's a good problem to have.
Travis Stice: Yeah. Neal, I mean, we had a pretty high flaring number in 2019, and it was pretty frustrating to us that, that number was as high as it was. Unfortunately, it was that high because we had a gas processor who had a percent of proceeds contract that was losing money on that contract, and therefore, it wasn't very fair on how much they sent us to flare versus some of their other contracts. So, we took that price risk and decided to restructure that contract into a fixed fee deal. And you can see in the flaring numbers, our numbers have come down dramatically, mostly because of that particular contract moving to fixed fee. Now, with NGLs and gas rallying, that fixed fee stays the same, and we get the benefit as the operator. So that's helping a lot. I don't think it had a lot of impact on - from a storm perspective. I think our field organization during the storm actually stepped up to get power - or get natural gas flowing back to local power plants in the Permian, which eased the problem and stopped the rolling blackouts in the Permian almost immediately. So two separate items, but certainly proud of the field organization for what they did for the cities of Midland and Odessa.
Travis Stice: Yeah. I mean, I think, Neil, the rigs, the efficiencies continue to creep up, but we're going to run, I think, nine rigs essentially average for the year to drill 190 wells with 75% of that in the Midland Basin, all over 10,000 feet. But really, the efficiency that's improved is on the frac side. I mean, I think our completion cadence, we're expecting to complete 220 or 225 wells, all over 10,000 feet with three Simul-Frac crews and one spot crew. So, really, the efficiency on both sides is pretty dramatic. And you can see that also in the lateral length, right? I mean we completed over 13,000 average lateral feet in Q4. And we're looking for opportunities throughout our entire asset base to push lateral length to that 12,500 or 15,000 foot range.
Travis Stice: Gail, we're not trying to buy our way into carbon neutrality. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the purchasing of these carbon credits are really just a bridge until we get our operations enhanced and maybe look at some other future investments down the road. But we're really trying to invest in the future. And you know how tight Diamondback runs our CapEx. And spending money on tax credits actually provides us a great incentive to not use those by doing the right things out in the field, like Kaes was mentioning, and articulating to effectuate these changes. And it's a nice bridge in the interim, but that's not the focus of what this initiative is about.
Travis Stice: Gail, I just want to return to your question that you asked earlier and reemphasize the point that we feel like we have a social and environmental license to operate. And I'll tell you, for the last multiple quarters, we've been really digging into this. But one of the things that surprised me was relatively, it's still a lot of money, but relatively how little cost is required to do the right thing here with regards particularly to methane emission and converting these tank batteries. And I think as other companies' kind of dig into that, I hope they find the same outcome that it is real dollars and it is real shareholder funds that we're diverting away from the drill bit, but it's not as bad as maybe what we were originally thinking. And again, I just go back to our environmental and social license and trying to do the right thing here.
Travis Stice: Yeah. David, good question. I mean, I think the beauty of the Guidon and QEP assets as they sit relative to our position is that you have - they all fit hand and glove. And so that gives us an opportunity to push lateral lengths for one of our - what will be our biggest operating area for the next few years. So I'd put 10,000 as the floor. We still have rigs running outside of that main block. But if we're having - and we're going to have half of our rigs running in the big block in Martin County, I'd expect those five rigs probably average a little higher than 10,000, whereas the rest of the position might be a little below it. So could we get it up to - up 10%? I think that's possible. But again, the teams are doing their work. And the contiguous nature of that block is going to promote a lot of capital efficiency.
Travis Stice: No, David, it's - we can't pay attention to weekly changes in commodity price. We have to try to do the best thing, the right thing from a reservoir performance all the time. And we're not getting enamored or stars in our eyes with higher commodity price.
Travis Stice: Yeah, just, just to re-emphasize the point I made earlier about, we're still in an undersupplied world and, yeah, we can see the tea leaves talking about a supercycle, but that's not where we are today. I think just that - just in the final analysis Scott, growth down and back, we'll have to see a fundamental shift in the macro supply, demand. But future growth is not something we're scared of. Now, as Kaes pointed out, hyper-growth is probably still not a role, but, growth when it drives incremental shareholder returns, it is part of our long-term decision matrix. But, right now, we simply don't need to grow, right, with this much excess storage and steel production capacity out there in the world. But I think trying to put ourselves into a decision, straight-jacket is anticipating an old supercycle is not is not good business for us right now.
Travis Stice: Yeah, Scott. I'm going let Kaes to answer that, but I just, you provided me an opportunity to talk about how pleased we are with our operation performance, operational performance. We saw it in the fourth quarter. We saw it in January. And had not been historic 100-year storm out in the Permian. February we'd be looking good as well. So, really, really pleased at the way that we're executing right now in our operation performance.
Travis Stice: I kind of see it more as we're going to have a really large block in Martin County that we can put a lot of rigs to work pretty consistently, so long as we have the infrastructure in place, and we expect to do so. So I think with QEP, pending that deal closing, that 75% Midland number is going to go up, and hopefully, it stays kind of in that 75% to 85% of lateral footage consistently for the next three to five years. I think that's a little lower percentage of total capital, but it's going to be a pretty high percent of our net lateral footage for a long time here.
Travis Stice: But Derrick, I'll also add that while we don't - there's not specific EOR projects underway with 85% or 90% of the oil still left in the ground, even with the most advanced completions technologies, we know that enhanced oil recovery is a part of our industry's future. And there are some guys out there kind of on the leading edge that Diamondback, as our style, we're following very closely to see if they're having success. But it would be nice if those two things were - had the same mutual objectives, carbon sequestration and enhanced oil recovery and tight horizontally developed shale resources. But as Kaes pointed out, we're just barely getting started on that.
Travis Stice: I mean it's kind of what we gave. I mean QEP has put out some high-level numbers on their full year 2021. So I think it's fair to look at those numbers. Now, if you think about us closing the deal in March, we'll only have cash CapEx for three quarters of that. But at current cost estimates, like I said, I think the mid-point of our guidance is 8% to 10% above where current well costs are. So, if we stay the same, you could chop 8% to 10% off of that and get a solid maintenance number.
Travis Stice: Yeah. What we've seen in the past, Jeff, when we go through one of these cycles of rapid commodity price increases, names that you would have thought would have come off the board - public names that would have come off the board, probably now have a lot greater runway with the higher commodity price. So usually, when you see these kinds of cycles accelerate, it makes, from a macro perspective, A&D harder to do. But just like Kaes was saying, though, we've got Guidon and soon to be QEP to roll in the mix and we're very comfortable with where our inventory sits right now in terms of runway in front of us. So I just want to add that in as well.
Travis Stice: Yeah. It should help a little bit, 100 to 200 bps of oil mix. I think that's why we started guiding to oil separately from BOEs. The BOEs continue to outperform, primarily because flaring is down 5%, which has resulted in a lot higher BOE numbers and BOE reserves. So Midland certainly is oilier and moving to Midland, Northern Midland is going to help. But the production base is pretty large right now, so I think it's in the range of 100 to 200 bps, not more than that.
Travis Stice: Yeah. Brian, I think - I know you're asking those questions to those individual operators. But from a macro perspective, what I'm seeing is that we still are undersupplied on rigs to keep the Permian Basin flat. So you may see some rig adds coming, but right now, it's probably not enough to offset the production declines that we've seen through the lack of investment over the last 12 months. So I believe, and maybe I'm the internal optimist, but I believe if moving through the depths of a global apocalypse that was created by this pandemic, if oil and gas companies haven't got discipline now, they probably never will. So I'm optimistic that the industry is going to tow the line on capital discipline, irrespective of commodity prices. Now there will be some time in the future, a signal when supply has worked off and Iranian barrels are absorbed and surplus OPEC capacities has consumed that the world will be signaling for growth. But as we tried to articulate earlier, the days of hyper growth in the shale industry should be part of our history, not part of our future. But I'll tell you, just adding to that, and I know you guys get tired of hearing me talk about our operations and our low cost. But as the low-cost producer, almost irrespective of commodity price, we're going to drive the highest returns to our shareholders.
Travis Stice: Yeah. No, Brian, I don't see those core competencies inside Diamondback, and it's unlikely that we would branch out into trying to say that we can become a better solar company or a better wind farm company than pre-existing. I think that's actually a trap that some companies get into as they try to diversify into areas where they're not experts. We at Diamondback know what the main thing is and the main thing is, is for us to produce barrels at the highest cash margin with the lowest cost and now the lowest carbon footprint. So I think the most likely scenario would be that we participate alongside a subject matter expert in whatever that carbon capture technology is.
Travis Stice: Yeah. Richard, we're not trying to buy our way into carbon neutrality. We're trying to be very specific. You can see on slides 12, 13 and 14 in our investor deck how much transparency we're using to try to describe exactly what we're going to do. We've been very prescriptive in talking about 600 tank batteries that need to be retrofitted and spending $10 million to $15 million a year over the next three to four years in order to make that happen. So our focus is not to try to buy our way into carbon neutrality. Our focus is how can we invest to eliminate our Scope 1 emissions. And the carbon credits now provide us a bridge, and quite honestly, provides us an incentive because I don't like spending that money, but it provides us an incentive to get the operations in the shape that they need to be. And that's what we need for our shareholders, and that's what our industry needs as well, too. And I hope other companies can take a similar examination of what efforts they're doing to reduce methane emissions, particularly.
Travis Stice: Yeah. Look, Leo, we're very comfortable with where we are right now, particularly with these two deals closing, one Friday and then one in a couple of weeks after that. So, we're very comfortable where we are. And we'll just - like we always do, we monitor the landscapes, and if we think we can deliver outstanding returns to our shareholders, then we'll take a look at it. But in terms of inventory life and all of that, we're very comfortable with where we are.
Travis Stice: Yeah. I mean, we're going to add one rig net for the Guidon deal, and that rig is going to drill a 10or 12 well pad here throughout the year. And that pad is going to come on early next year. And then, I think, I can't speak to the QEP development plan. But I think as soon as we can move rigs to that big block in Southeast Martin County, we're going to move two or three rigs there and be active there for the next five, even, eight years.
Travis Stice: Yeah, we are Jeanine. And we're pretty focused on US carbon credits versus international. International, you can get a little cheaper, but I don't think that ties directly to our license to operate in the US. So the couple of projects that we've invested in, two of them are based in Texas, one of them is based in Wyoming, and that's our start. I think we're going to build a good relationship with our partners on this and eventually work to invest directly. But I think overall, with us executing on this initiative, there's going to be a lot of inbound phone calls on opportunities. And I just think our goal is to make sure what we do invest in ties more directly to what we produce rather than other environmental aspects.
Travis Stice: Yeah. Janine, we want to make sure we emphasize - keeping the main thing, I said that earlier. And we know what we're really good at, and we know what we're still learning at. And we're going to focus on what we're really good at, and we'll participate alongside someone that's really good at something else. And as Kaes said, for another fourth company or fourth entity, that's not - that doesn't sound very good to me right now. So I think our focus is going to be doing the right thing at Diamondback operations to drive down our emissions intensity.
Travis Stice: Thank you. Occasionally, I'll use my closing remarks to add a message that's kind of directed towards our organization and a message I think sometimes important for our investors to hear that separates from sort of the standard quarter. This past week, as we're all acutely aware of, the Permian Basin experienced unprecedented weather event. We had over 220 hours of below freezing weather. And really across the Permian Basin, we had extended periods of no electricity and water supplies frozen and really, against all of that, we had a frozen and a dark oilfield. And our field organization, and in some cases, these individuals working over 20 hours a day, they were working to get gas delivered to power generation plants. They weren't working to get Diamondback's volumes flowing and back online earlier because of our quarterly objectives. They were working to get gas delivered to power generation plants that were - honestly, that were sitting idle, particularly on the West side of Odessa. And they were sitting idle because they didn't have any fuel. And through our efforts and other operators' efforts, gas was delivered and Texas had power. This occurred Wednesday evening, early Thursday morning. And by Thursday, most of Texas, again, had power. And it's - I just want to - the efforts that were displayed by many individuals in the Permian Basin transcends normal procedures for returning production in the Permian Basin is grateful for - we're really grateful for everything that you guys did. You answered the call and you put forth a heroic effort that will not be forgotten. Just want to tell you publicly, thank you for everything that you guys did. So with that, thanks for everyone participating in today's call. And if you've got any questions, please contact us using the contact information provided. Thanks, Lateef.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yeah. Arun, on the debt side, I think, in general, anything that has a maturity prior to 2029 is on the table for debt pay down. And I think, we're looking to set the business up to have kind of one turn of permanent leverage with a long-term maturity over 10 years at $50 oil. So in the front end of the curve, all that debt is eligible for paydown, but also not mutually exclusive from the base dividend continuing to increase here.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yeah. There's nothing on the mix side, Arun. I think we've said in the past, we're not going to guide to all-time low well costs. I think right now, we're in the $500 to $520 a foot range, and we're trying to hold on to that as long as we can. We know that the service industry has suffered through this downturn as much as anybody if not more. And there are some - some pricing pressures at the margin. I wouldn't say, it's on the big ticket items, but you are starting to see some pressure on casing prices and smaller field service items. So like we talked about, the mid-point of our guide is 8% to 10% above where well costs are today. I would hope, the good guys can keep some of that on our side and outperform as we go through the year. But just being conservative on today is February 23rd and we've got 10 more months left of hopefully, $55 plus oil, and that will result in some service cost pressures.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yeah. Neil, I'll just add to that, that this time last year, just prior to this time, we were running over 20 drilling rigs. And today, we're running seven or eight, and when you go from that many rigs to that few of rigs, you have the opportunity to high grade your rigs. And then secondarily, when activity really troughed in the second quarter of last year, rather than just sitting on our hands and bemoaning the outlook, our organization really leaned in to try to improve efficiencies. It was a great opportunity with less field activity going on to really examine all of the processes, both on the drilling and completion side and on the production side as well. And so we took advantage of that trough in activity. And as the industry picked back up and as our activity picked back up, we were able to kind of make permanent some of those efficiencies that we revealed through the second quarter and early third quarter. So really proud of that, and I think we're going to see the direct benefits of that in 2021, and that's going to translate to more cash flow for our shareholders.
Kaes Van't Hof: Gail, I'll start with the added CapEx. The big piece and the big goals here on the GHG sides are the emissions reductions, right? I think the Net Zero Now initiative is a great addition to the story, but it's not the primary focus. And the primary focus happens to be working down all the numbers you see on slide 13 and 14. And so the big dollars we're going to spend, we're going to spend about $15 million a year converting legacy gas pneumatic, tank batteries to air, and those batteries run off methane essentially and converting that to air, dramatically reduces your methane intensity automatically. So, I'd expect to see $15 million a year in the budget for that, and we've also built that in on the Guidon in QEP acreage as we get a hold of that and look to convert that. The carbon credits, we've already - are in process on a contract for some carbon credits. I won't give all the details, but I'll say it's a mid seven figure number, not an eight figure number. And the projects that we're investing in are tied directly to carbon capture or carbon sequestration rather than the tree planting side of the business.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yeah. I think it's really important, Gail. And I think in the depth of April and May of last year, I told Travis that do not get mad at me if we lost money on some hedges in 2021. And now we're at that point and the commodities rallied, and I think we're sleeping a lot better at night, knowing that the commodities rallied. So I think, overall, if you look at our hedge book, we've tried to keep very wide two-way collars. We're at the bottom end of our collars we're protecting our dividend and protecting - paying down some near-term maturities, but also trying not to limit all the upside to our shareholders. So I think you'll see us keep building that hedge book with wide collars. I think the percent hedge that we have is inverted just like the forward curve, and I think we're going to be patient adding hedges. But overall, I still think hedging is an important philosophy for an oil and gas company to guarantee returns and guarantee returns to shareholders in the form of true cash distributions.
Kaes Van't Hof: Well, Scott, that will be a good problem to have. So, hopefully, we're on our way, but I think we've been pretty clear that we don't want to put a very complicated business into a box, in terms of reinvestment rate, growth rate. I mean, I think what we can say is that, if there was ever growth, called ponge [ph] by US shale, it would not be double digits, it wouldn't be zero. But, yeah, there is oil price where your free cash flow increases more if you grow slightly. And we've done that work. I still think we're a ways away from it, but we've proven that we can grow in the past and I think, a low cost structure benefits you when prices are weak, but it also is a kick-starter to potential growth if prices are strong. So I don't think it's time to talk about growth, but if there was growth ever mentioned for us its sub double digits or mid-single digits.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yeah, Scott. We're looking to key production guidance and CapEx guidance is very simple. I mean, I think, we said we're going to work our way up to 170 to 175, oil by Q4. Luckily, we outperformed that. But that was going to be the baseline for our plan in 2021 all along. And if we outperform that plan then that's, some for the good guys. So, overall, nothing has changed in terms of our anticipation of keeping guide on plus QEP, plus Diamondback flat through 2021. And in this guidance, we put out, we're basically giving you FANG at 170 to 175, plus 10 months of Guidon out of 12,000 barrels a day. And a little storm impact which we expect to make up throughout the year.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yeah, yeah, I can't, give you that today. I mean QEP is going to report there tomorrow and we'll see what that report says. And we will surely update the market as quickly as we can. But I can't give guidance on a deal that shareholders need to vote on.
Kaes Van't Hof: I mean, I think that will be a good goal to work to. I mean, ours is a little lower than that in a $50 world and certainly lower than that at strip today. I kind of see it as more what's our consistent dividend growth rate over a longer period of time. And what are we doing to decrease the size of the enterprise value with free cash flow. I think right now, this dividend increase came a little early, but we also leaned into the dividend in 2020 during some pretty dark times. So I think investors have universally asked us to hold the dividend and continue to grow it consistently. And while 7% is our lowest growth rate of the past couple of years, I don't think it's off the table that we can revisit this - the dividend multiple times a year now at this point where we are.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yeah. Derrick, I mean, that's one of the pillars that we're looking at. I can't commit to anything today. But I think what we've tried to say is that the credits that we purchased here give us a little bit of time to study the market or even partner on projects at either Diamondback or Rattler to build out a more direct offset to our Scope 1 emissions. So that's in the fold. The hot topic of wind and solar, power in Texas is also in the fold. And I think there's going to be a lot of opportunities with companies with large balance sheets that are leading this energy transition that are also oil and gas companies. So I think we're going to play a small part in it and hopefully, find a good partner to develop carbon capture or one of these other renewable sources to offset our Scope 1.
Kaes Van't Hof: Hey, Richard, it's just too early, right? I think we're getting away from the fact that the goal is get Scope 1 down by 50% as soon as possible and get methane down by 70% as soon as possible on the intensity side. And those remain the focus, right? I think getting into other businesses is a three, five, seven-year discussion. But the discussion today is, what are we going to do to get our carbon footprint down and not just offset it, right? I think eventually, offsetting it with something smart in terms of an investment, a small investment, but it's not going to end up taking 10%, 15%, 20% of our budget. I think, like Travis said, the main thing is the main thing, and that's we're an oil and gas producer that's going to be producing here for a long time. But as a public operator today, the 1pressures to operate in an environmentally responsible manner are only going one way, and we're taking the bull by the horns by getting those intensity numbers down as soon as possible.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yeah. Paul, that's a good question. I think a variable or buyback are things that are worth discussing when debt levels are at a level that we're very comfortable with, which is probably close to one times leverage at $45 to $50 WTI. So I think once we're closer to that range, we can talk about additional return to capital, which is kind of why, earlier in the call, I mentioned that anything with a maturity prior to 2029 in our debt stack is probably up for grabs to pay down in conjunction with continuing to increase the dividend. But, as soon as we get there, I think it's a worthy topic to say what is the best return to shareholders post or after the base dividend and when debt is very comfortably in that one times range. But first and foremost, we need to get our debt back down to $5.5 billion gross debt pro forma for all the deals that we've just done, and we'll be getting there as quickly as we can and continue to work that down.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yeah. Well, it's highly dependent upon how many tons of CO2 equivalent we emit, right? I mean in 2019, we emitted 1.4 million tons. I think we'll be well below that in 2020 and on to 2021. So the cost goes down. Now, if I was a betting man, I'd bet that carbon offset credits are going to continue to increase in price. We've secured a few years' worth right now. But I think it will be dependent upon how that market evolves over the coming years. But again, it's not a material expense, and it's not the priority. The priority is getting the amount of CO2 equivalent emissions that we have down so that you pay less of a penalty.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yeah. It's certainly a chess piece, Charles. I think QEP has three notes outstanding, '22s, '23s and '26s. Those notes probably end up getting tendered for and refinance in some form or fashion, lower interest rate with longer average maturity, but also putting something on the front end of our debt stack to guarantee further debt pay down. So it's really dependent upon how many people tender the bonds, if and when that begins. I think the FANG 2025 notes is also a chess piece that goes into that. And I think we're pretty close to starting that process with the shareholder vote coming up in March 16. So we wanted to take advantage of these rates with three goals. We want to pay down gross debt overall over time at our discretion, we want to lower average interest rate, and we want a longer average term to maturity. And I think we're setting ourselves up to accomplish that.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yeah. With the caveat that, we do need to work on some restricted covenants and some reporting requirements on the QEP notes because we don't anticipate reporting as two separate companies for a long time. So I think Pioneer, Conoco, Chevron have all followed different or similar paths in handling the notes of the company they acquired, and we're going to copy one of those.
Kaes Van't Hof: I mean, I think, we're getting way ahead of ourselves, Jeanine, on that. But I think we've proven to be pretty smart when it comes to spin-offs, but I think my head might explode if we thought about another spin-off right now. So we're going to just, first, get our numbers down. Second, invest smartly or wisely with bigger partners, and then third, figure out how to monetize down the line. But certainly, we're very cognizant of the multiples that, that side of the business gets versus an oil and gas company right now, but that's not the reason why we're doing this.
