Travis Stice: Thank you, Tracy. To summarize I’m proud of the third quarter results as we again demonstrated our ability to reduce total well cost, reduce drilling cycle time, reduce our operating expenses and to continue to ramp our production. We’re extremely excited about the early results from a test in the Middle Spraberry Zone in the Midland County and we’ve increased our inventory accordingly. Our cash margins during the third quarter were almost $70 a barrel and I believe we are delivering results and returns to our stockholders that are among the best in the Midland Basin. On behalf of the Board and employees of Diamondback Energy I would like to thank you for your participation today. This concludes our prepared comments. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Travis Stice: Yes, Ryan as I mentioned in my prepared comments this Spraberry interval is one of the more continuous shale deposits across the Midland Basin. But specifically to our acreage certainly everything in Midland County looks extremely good. Also, similarly the assets we recently acquired in Martin and Southern Dawson also look very perspective in the Spraberry intervals as well as our – about half of our acreage in Andrews County in the Northeast piece. So, really excited about that in those 139 net locations we’ve added are predominantly located in those three counties.
Travis Stice: It’s about 400 feet between and the question is all these separate zones we think they are certainly they’ve been deposited separately. I think it’s well we as an industry we still need to prove out that the fracture between more and doesn’t interfere with the other but at this point we’re really confident that they’re separate in this stacked intervals.
Travis Stice: Ryan, I don’t have that in front of me, I’m going to have to get back with you on that if we can – if we handle it during the call, we can come up with you during the call, I’ll circle back with you.
Travis Stice: Yeah, most of our development well all of our development today has been it’s kind of that inter lateral space is about 850 feet. We’re in a process here in the next quarter of tightening that down space into inter lateral space and then we’ll also look at 650 feet.
Travis Stice: Yeah, our next stacked lateral paste is going to be in Section 42 where we own about 47%. We’ve participated in a stacked lateral that’s already been drilled it’s the lower lateral in the Wolfcamp B and the upper lateral is in the lower Spraberry and even also offset about 300 feet. And those wells are scheduled to be fraced at the end of this month and then we’ll probably have results on that in 1Q of next year. As it pertains to testing and the stacking in other intervals we just need to really assess what our inventory looks like in these other intervals especially with the addition of these successful lower Spraberry and middle Spraberry test as we go into 2014 and look for us to provide additional color on that as we accursed a lot of plans.
Travis Stice: Well, certainly we remain focused on the intervals where we put the drill bid but it’s hard to ignore a well that’s 20 miles from either test is over 3000 barrels a day. So, I’m looking at a cross section now that Paul provided me last night that has that same plan interval across our acreage base there in Midland County. So, pretty exciting information.
Travis Stice: Yeah, good question. As I mentioned this quarter very good arriving, we’ll be testing the Wolfcamp B in Martin County next month actually we support that well not support this month. And that’s where our initial focus will be is both in Martin and Dawson County we’ll test the Wolfcamp B. And then of course we’ll adjust plans as we go forward and understand different horizons because we’ll always put the drill bid in the intervals that we think generates the highest rate of return for stockholders.
Travis Stice: Yeah, we’ll initially – in the initial guidance that are offered was two horizontal rigs on our operated piece and the non operated piece we’re going to have one horizontal rig. Our intent will be to always try to maximize the minerals because it generates such exceptional returns. So, we’ll look for opportunities to drop a third rig and whether it stays in there continuously or just goes in there and when we have a window where we think we can accumulate enough frac water to accelerate, we’ll look to doing that as well. Mark, I also want to remind even I said that possibility of a 6 rig arriving late next year there is really two ways to accelerate activity, one is to accelerate by just adding more rigs. And the second is to accelerate by drilling more wells with the same rigs. And I think you’ve seen us historically demonstrate continued reduction in cycle terms and if this first test that we did where we’re bringing typically a vertical rig and to drill the deep intermediate section that could materially change our cycle term as well. So, we’re going to look at accelerating both ways but I think there is a distinction there when you look at the amount that we can increase our cycle terms.
Travis Stice: We look at all kinds of opportunities Mark, here in the Permian and obviously where we own the minerals it makes a great story to have the working interest as well too but I don’t comment on any acquisitions that are currently in progress. So, more analysis there in progress.
Travis Stice: Well, again thanks to everyone participating in today’s call. I know it was early and I know I talked to some of you guys late last night and saw some releases really earlier this morning. So, now right here on the calls at late night and early morning. So, appreciate your continued interest in Diamondback Energy story. And if you got any questions, please reach out to us using the contact information we provided. So, you guys have a great day. And we’ll talk again soon. Thank you, very much.
