Travis Stice: Well, certainly, as we look into 2023, I think it's a little premature to do much forecasting into 2023. But I can tell you kind of our base case is looking at something at the same activity level, probably generating something in the low single digits in terms of the growth rate. But again, it's more of an output.  But I think what you specifically asked about the call last year, I think I highlighted really 3 things and then subsequently added a fourth, and that was demand at pre-COVID levels. We wanted to see 5-year inventory levels somewhere returning to the 5-year average. We still had a question about OPEC capacity. And the one I added subsequent to our call was the administration continuing to embark uncertainty into our capital allocation process across the industry.  And so certainly 3 of the 4 of those have been answered today, Neal. There's still a lot of administration led uncertainty, both in policy actions and rhetoric. But the other ones certainly appear to be answered. So I think as the industry starts to contribute towards more focus on 2023, I think you'll still be governed primarily by the shareholders who own the companies. But I do think you'll start to see a little bit of growth in the industry as we look into next year.
Travis Stice: Well, Neal, I think we've been pretty successful with the existing model. We'll always look at seeing what ways we can ensure lower execution cost. We were a little bit plummet in the first quarter with all the commentary about locked in prices and then subsequently followed with CapEx raises. And that's just not the way that we typically try to communicate what our execution focus is.  But I do want to -- I don't know I have a lot of employees listening in the call this morning. And look, I want to give a shout out to our organization for our ability to continue to manage costs in an inflationary environment. Again, about a year ago, Neal, we were talking about how you separate winners and losers in an inflationary environment. It's always those that can control costs. And while we've taken our look on the fixed cost side of an AP ledger, we've done a really remarkable job on the variable cost, and I look for our organization to continue to lean into that in 2023.
Travis Stice: Well, we certainly think that there's a lot of value in our existing stock price. And we think that, that oil and public equity stocks is really undervalued right now. And so the 2 data points that you mentioned, I think, are good indicators of future behaviors. The first being, we spent about $500 million in the last 2 to 3 months repurchasing shares. And the Board just essentially doubled our authorization up to $4 billion. So the base dividend still remains sacred, sustainable and growing followed by this environment share repurchases. And then as we committed to a month ago, we'll make up the difference and keep our shareholders hold by returning at least 75% of free cash flow.
Travis Stice: Yes, certainly, Neil, that's the behavior we're demonstrating in. As I just iterated, just to emphasize all in the public markets is really cheaper in the private markets, and I think there continues to be a wide gap between those 2 points. And I think you're also seeing stalled or failed processes as well, which again indicates a spread between bid and ask. So right now, the greatest return for our shareholders is leaning into our repurchase program.
Travis Stice: Yes. Arun, the big deal is obviously in Q1, $230 million deal. We do capitalize a little G&A and interest which flows through that number, so it's not all property acquisitions. But a couple of things that we do on the property side, it's just the typical blocking and tackling, netting up. We give our land teams the directive that we'd rather drill 100% working interest wells across the board. And so they're always working to net up and block and tackle, but nothing of significance purchased in Q2.
Travis Stice: Yes. So we have all of our oil on pipes going to the Gulf Coast. A 1/3 of it going to Houston, getting MEH pricing, 2/3 going to Corpus getting Brent pricing. And so we've been the beneficiary of these water Brent WTI spread. We have a little bit of exposure to the Midland market, we also have the ability to kind of flex that to the Gulf Coast with the space that we have. And so the sell-off in WTI versus Brent has resulted in really good oil realizations. No guarantees that it's going to continue forever. But that kind of fits the insurance policy that we put in place to invest in these pipelines and get our barrels to the most liquid markets.
Travis Stice: Scott, when I talk to our Board and communicate what I think the success indicators are, there's really five. Three of them were foundational that led us to success in the first 10 years. And I think the two that I've added are going to be foundational for the next 10 years. But the three that we built the company on our execution, low-cost operations and transparency. And we've been very successful at differentiating ourselves with those. The two that have recently been added are capital return and decarbonization. And on the capital return, we're now -- our yield is peer-leading. We're competitive on all forms of shareholder return measures. And the last one is decarbonization, and not only in our disclosure, but also in our performance.  And look, those are the five things that we'd sell at. And you can ask us questions about any one of those five, we can articulate chapter verse why those are successful -- why we're successful with those. And while you pointed out a dislocation in stock, we believe fundamentally that we continue to do the right thing for our shareholders to generate the greatest value. And it -- and we believe we're running this company not just for a quarter but for the next 10 years and longer.
Travis Stice: Derrick, the methane fee tax is one thing that we've looked at. And because of the dollars we've spent over the last 3 years really reducing our methane emissions that doesn't appear as we understand it to be a needle mover for Diamondback.
Travis Stice: Yes. Those are -- those -- we don't have specific goals that are articulated in the way that you just asked that question. We simply look at the value that we believe the inherent value of the stock versus where it's trading at. And we want to demonstratively move into repurchases when we think there's a big location like we see in today's market. And as we go forward in time, maybe that changes. But as it sits today, as Kaes just outlined with the previous caller, we believe that there's still a lot of value in the stock.
Travis Stice: And Paul, the energy has typically been a pretty good hedge a bit offset historically. And as you look into 2023, regardless of how you define a recession, it looks like there will be recessionary impacts across our economy. But what's a little bit different this time is that the world today still appears to be chronically short physical barrels with not a lot of spare capacity to fill that gap. And so while we don't necessarily plan on anything other than in the future than our mid-cycle prospect, it looks to me like the macros -- the macro looks pretty positive for energy prices over the next couple of years, even in spite of what I know will be a recessionary impact. And look, if you do see some recessionary impacts, it will probably soften some of the inflationary pressures we're seeing today.
Travis Stice: Thank you again for everyone for participating in today's call. If you've got any questions, please reach out to us using the contact informations provided. Thank you.
Kaes Van’t Hof: And look around being having boots on the ground here in Midland, I think all of our shareholders expect me and us to be in the deal flow at all times. But that just means we look at things coming across the desk, but I go back to say, look at what our behaviors are and the separation between public and private expectations on value. And that's -- I think that's the best way to think about what our forward plans are.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes, Scott, good question. I would say, generally, we took up CapEx on the low end and took up our average well cost estimate for the year. I would say probably today, we're probably up 15% today from the beginning of the year. We'll probably exit a little higher than that. So probably 15% year-over-year well cost increases, but what the ops team is doing is not taking every phone call and just increasing prices. We're trying to do some things to be more efficient. You mentioned the e-fleet, Travis just mentioned in his opening remarks that we're going to have a second e-fleet coming in early next year. That saves money, not just on the horsepower piece, but on the fuel piece. These will be connected to line power and the back end of a gas plant with burning dry gas in the Permian.  So while gas prices have gone up, they certainly haven't gone up as much as diesel. I would say we'd probably save 50-ish a foot with that -- $50 a foot with that e-fleet. A couple of other things we are doing on top of that, we are adding some preset rigs to replace some big rigs as those preset rigs cost a lot less with these big pads and long cycle investments. We have that ability to do so. Our team is also getting really smart on casing design, cement design, wherever we can pick up pennies that's just our stock in trade.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Good question, David. I think generally, if you look at our past history, we kind of whenever a deal happens the next year, infrastructure and midstream is 10% to 15%, getting down to kind of 7% to 8% of total capital in that years. I certainly expect us to be closer to 7% to 8% of total capital in 2024 with a step-down next year in 2023. I think the only wrinkle is we are all us and our peers are all spending a lot of money on environmental cleanup. And so that's probably $30 million to $40 extra million a year that wasn't in the budget in 2017 or 2018. It's necessary dollars, but generally, I'd expect our midstream infrastructure budgets to come down next year and into '24, probably a step change down to 7% or 8% in a couple of years.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. I mean I think it's just too early to talk '23 inflation. I'm certainly kind of in the camp that we're not willing to continue to concede margin expansion on the service side perpetually. So we're going to see where things shake out over the next 6 months. Like we said earlier in the call, there are some things we are doing to increase efficiencies and lower costs. I would just say, generally, I think you're right on activity going into 2023. I can't -- I'm not going to comment yet on some respects and where things head particularly with some of the stuff that's out of our control like steel continuing to go up in price.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes, Derrick, I think that's a fair statement. Certainly, the business has gotten a lot harder to operate and execute this year. It's on us though to make sure we have the right supervision in the field to make sure green hands are trained up quickly. It's something that we are seeing. We do spend a lot of money near the wellhead to make sure our supervision oversees what's going on in the field.  But then there's a couple of other things that kind of go the other way, right? So the spud rigs that we're putting in place, they drill a little slower, but they cost half as much as the big rigs. So I think generally, we kind of hit the efficient frontier on days of TD this year, but now we're doing some things that might slow things down, but spend less money per well.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. And then on the tax side, we're pretty low on NOL protection. So if the strip holds, we have about $1 billion of protection next year, we would be above the 15% minimum that's being proposed. So I think generally moving towards a full taxpaying entity at Diamondback which mitigates the impact to us. Certainly, if we're in a different commodity price environment, it might be a different story. But in this environment, we're headed towards full cash taxes in 2024.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes, Jeanine, good question. With the rate review we expected to close at the end of August, we'll have to pay off that revolver at close. It's about a $200 million revolver that we'll expect to pay with -- down with cash. We also want to take out the Rattler notes, $500 million notes next. There are some reporting requirements with those notes if they continue to stay out there. So I think those 2 items are certainly the priorities, and we probably expect to be in a position to have those taken out by the next time on the phone here. And then I think after that, it goes back to being selective with the other outstanding notes. You'll note that we didn't touch the 2 30-year tranches that we have out there, but we did take down some of our 29 and 31 opportunistically with a discount. But generally, the Rattler notes and Rattler revolvers coming out next and then we'll be more prudent with the rest.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. It's definitely a little more fixed with project-type work. There is some inflation in those budgets, but that was already somewhat baked in. On the midstream side, in particular, the big bulk items is buying a lot of pipe, and we pre-bought a lot of that. So we knew where that was going to sit on the cost side. On the infrastructure and our environmental side, it's not necessarily a change in plan. As you mentioned, it's just a few inflationary items around the edges, but it's nothing to the extent of what we're seeing on the drilling and completion side when it comes to inflation.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. That's a great question, too. Nothing is going to change operationally. And we still like the midstream business. We still like what it does for our consolidated margins. We just felt that it didn't need to be a separate public entity, and so we're able to buy that back in and still run a midstream business that we own 100%. I will say the team has done a good job seeking out third-party opportunities. I wouldn't say it's our core business, but we'll have some real cash flow coming in from third parties given the amount of assets we have on the ground on the midstream side.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes, Doug, you were a little mixed on that. I couldn't hear you pretty well, but I think I got the gist of it. I think generally, we are going to be very aggressive on the buyback here in Q3 given where the stock is, and where we continue to generate free cash above mid-cycle prices. So already expensed $200 million quarter-to-date. Generally, if you kind of take street numbers and keep our base dividend flat in Q3, we could probably spend another $650 million on buybacks this quarter. So if the stock stays where it is and well stays where it is, we're going to be very, very aggressive on that buyback, which is why the Board signified the confidence in increasing that authorization to $4 billion.
Kaes Van’t Hof: None of these prices, Doug, if the stock price stays where it is today, all that cash is going to go towards reducing the share count.
Kaes Van’t Hof: I think our interpretation is they still do. Unfortunately, IDCs have become such a small part of the cash flow stream that they're not impacting things much. So that's our understanding today. But you never know if politicians, anything can happen.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes, Vin, good question. I think just generally, while we are a pretty significant gas producer now at this point, we don't have a lot of control over the molecule. Diamondback has grown through acquisition over the years and with those acquisitions come dedications, and most of those dedications don't come on taking kind rights. So we're certainly doing as much as we possibly can to incentivize pipeline development, getting molecules to the Gulf Coast. We did commit to the Woodford pipeline. We'll have about 1/3 of our gas on that. But generally, you have to have control of that molecule to incentivize development, and we don't have much more beyond that today.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Well, it's really about the quality of the fleet and what you're signing up for. I think what Halliburton has put together is truly an unique product. We're going to have some form of battery storage attached to that e-fleet so that you're very efficient with the use of natural gas and electricity when that fleet is working. So you do need a pretty big acreage blocks, you need large pads like we have ahead of us, and you need a long-term commitment with a business partner like Halliburton. So I think that -- we checked all those boxes. We feel very good about the e-fleet that's coming on in September, so good that we signed up for a second one. So 2/3 of our simul-frac fleets will be e-fleets with Halliburton. And like you said, it's pretty obvious when the economic and environmental advantages sync up, that's a no-brainer for us. And we're looking forward to getting our first one in the field here in a month.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. Leo taking street numbers and multiply it by 75%, taking out the $200 million we spent quarter-to-date and taking out the $0.75 a share base dividend, and that's your math on buybacks for the quarter. And that's something we look at every day. I mean we have our team rerun the model on a weekly basis to figure out how much cash we're going to have in the quarter to buy back shares when there's this much of a dislocation between oil in the public market then oil in the ground.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. It's a pretty unique opportunity where E&P has a ton of cash flow and bonds trading below par. And we saw that opportunity. Our Board saw with us and decided that buying back some debt well below par was a good use of capital and also exercise accelerates that deleveraging process to give us more confidence in the increased 75% of free cash flow going back to shareholders beginning in Q3.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. Good questions, Paul. I'll take the hedging policy, and I'll let Travis talk more macro about 2023. Just generally, we do buy puts for rainy days. So we've gone to the balance sheet is strengthened, we bought more and more puts around $50 to $55 Brent. In that situation, if we do go below $55 Brent, we're probably making capital decisions to slow down, but the balance sheet doesn't blow out. We can still pay our dividend and still generate free cash in that situation. So really protecting for a rainy day, trying to spend around $1.50 to $2 a barrel to buy those puts, and we want to be about 60% hedged going into a particular quarter. So if you look at our hedge book, about 60% hedged for Q3, going down to about 0% by Q2, Q3 of 2023. And we'll just continue to keep rolling that forward for rainy day insurance.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. I'd make one more point. That's the benefit of this new business model where we're not changing our plans for every $10, $20, $30 move in oil prices. There needs to be a $50 move in oil price lower before we discuss any change to our execution plan. And I think this level-loaded plan, level-loaded activity levels has allowed us to fight off the inflation bug a little better than most. And again, as Travis mentioned, there's no oil out there.
Kaes Van’t Hof: Yes. Right now there is still cash. We certainly want to cash balance. The cash balance moves a lot right now and when you're generating $1 billion of revenue a month, if the cash balance fluctuates wildly throughout each month. I think generally, having a strong balance sheet, having some cash and having access to capital through a cycle is something us and the Board discuss on a monthly basis. And I think that also ties to where your maturity profile sits, right? So if we not only have less debt, but a longer duration maturity profile, that gives us confidence in our access to capital and our ability to generate cash, given that our cash flow breakeven is down in the mid-30s a barrel.
