Travis D. Stice: Thank you, Tracy. To summarize, this quarter, we've increased production guidance, resumed our completion activity and announced several Tier 1 acreage acquisitions. Service cost concessions and continued operational efficiencies have improved rates of returns equivalent to when WTI was $75 a barrel. As a result, we plan to pick up additional rigs later this year. Our intense focus on execution and generating differential cash margins has never wavered even as we go through this down cycle in commodity prices. I'm proud of all that our employees have accomplished so far this year and look forward to updating you on our progress. On behalf of the board and employees of Diamondback and Viper, I would like to thank you for your participation today. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Travis D. Stice: Sure, Mike. It's really a function of a couple of things. We've got to maintain discipline on costs from the service community and commodity prices continue to need to improve. But on a general sense, as I outlined in our call, we believe we're generating rates of returns when commodity price was equivalent to $75 for WTI. So right now, we'll look at that. We've got a rig coming in the third quarter, one in the fourth quarter. And certainly, as commodity price continues to improve, we'll be able to add late fourth quarter, early first quarter, additional rigs to primarily go to work in our newly acquired acreage in Howard County.
Travis D. Stice: Yes, our stance on leverage really hasn't changed since before we took the company public. We always -- we state that we like to keep a leverage ratio of below 2. And I think that's logical to assume going forward as well. What's really unique about Diamondback is the different forms of financing that we have available to us. We have the opportunity to issue equity like we've done historically for acquisitions. We also have the high-yield market that's open to us. We have unused capacity on our revolver. And we also have a ownership in Viper Energy Partners. So we really got multiple ways to fund this acquisition going forward.
Travis D. Stice: Sure. David, well, we set aside roughly $20 million in the acquisition to put an infrastructure in place that's necessary to support the -- a 2-rig horizontal program. And what that really entails is primarily the accumulation of stimulation fluid. So it's stim fluid accumulation ponds, it's pipes and facilities able to accommodate high volumes. This property was developed with vertical wells, and while we're pleased at the condition of the facilities associated with the vertical well development, most of those are going to need to be upgraded to accommodate significantly higher fluid handling capacity. So as soon as we close this deal, we'll go out at Diamondback, not a third party, and will begin that infrastructure. One thing I'm pleased with and we outlined in the acquisition is that we also acquired a saltwater disposal system for about $5 million. So we -- quite a bit. But can't start work until the close the acquisition, which is in the middle of June. That being said, we've got our plans firmly underway, at least on paper, to make a rapid transition to horizontally develop this acreage.
Travis D. Stice: Really, when we look at these 3 primary zones here, if you look at Slide 16 and you look at the offset results, we put quite a few of them here nearest wells to this acreage block. The Lower Spraberry and the Wolfcamp A are the 2 best performing zones. The Wolfcamp B is not quite as good as those other 2, but if you look at the location of the Wolfcamp B well, they're east of acreage block. And that Wolfcamp B does thicken as you go to the west. So we think the -- we've got a good chance of the Wolfcamp B being better on this acreage than it is on the wells to the east. So overall, we think we've got 3 really nice targets here.
Travis D. Stice: Well, we'll always try to hold the line on costs. Service companies are not willing to lock-in long-term contracts at what appears to be close to the bottom of the cost cycle. So it's, again, working very collaboratively with business partners because if costs continue go -- if cost go up faster than commodity price goes up, Diamondback, using our same mantra of capital discipline, we'll tap the brakes again. So I'd like to say yes, we've locked-in these low-cost for all time. But the reality is, is that you just can't do that right now. But again, the natural governor is increased activity versus laying rigs down, and that's certainly what drove the behaviors that got us to going back to work right now. And we have -- we still have that lever going forward as well, too.
Travis D. Stice: Yes, John, several good questions there. I'll try to take them in the order you asked them. As I outlined in my prepared remarks, this acquisition in northwest Howard County marks of the most derisked acquisition in Diamondback's history. And I don't make that statement casually. We've had -- got over 60 wells where we had open-hole logs where we were able to do our geochemical and petrophysical work supported by hole-core analysis that really highlighted the oil in place and the significance of these shale horizons. And also, while I think we've only put about 1 dozen or maybe 13 wells that have public data available in our slide deck, we really had over 25 slides in and around this area -- 25 wells in and around this area that's had IP-30s and established production that allowed us to go in and put reserve forecast on those wells. And so we've never had that many data points, both from a geoscience perspective and/or from a well performance perspective, that gave us confidence in this research block. And I know the there's a lot of question on what other quality deals are out in the M&A market, and my history has been that we don't really talk about acquisitions that are underway. I can tell you, though, that my shareholders should expect that Diamondback is actively involved in the M&A arena. And we intend to continue to be so going forward.
Travis D. Stice: John, I'm sorry. You had another question on rates of returns for those 600,000 and 900,000 type wells. They're going to be in that 40% to 70% range at today's price and today's service costs. So really, I didn't -- I made the comment that these wells were in the top quartile of Diamondback's Energy's portfolio, and it's supported when you look at these rates of returns.
Travis D. Stice: Yes. You know what, as an executive team, we've sort of always talked about building a bandwidth that's capable of running 10 horizontal rigs. And so when I made the comment that we now have got an acreage footprint that supports a 10-rig program, I believe that we're close to having that bandwidth right now. There may be 1 or 2 additional key contributors that we need to add to kind of help support that. But yes, sort of in that 10-rig cadence is what we've tried to build the organization around. And I've just -- just as an aside to that, even though we talk about a bandwidth for a 10-rig program, really, when you look at the pace at which we drill these wells, I think a 10-rig program is really like a 15- or a 20-rig program just how fast that we can get these wells drilled, which is sort of why I highlighted the fact that we got 2 10,000-foot laterals drilled in about a month's time. So we keep an eye on that, on our organization. And again, we try to build it around that 10-rig cadence.
Travis D. Stice: Yes. We've got on the production side what we call a PWIP, it's a production well improvement program, that's the PWIP plan that weekly and monthly goes through and analyzes the producing performance of all of these wells and then also does a detailed deep dive on any wells that have failed to try to be proactive in failure identification. Because really, it's that failure identification, pumping practices that eliminate those failures. Our -- most of these vertical wells we've acquired over the last 12 months have a failure rate of somewhere north of 1.5. And the wells that we acquired last year, those 300, I was looking at our first quarter report. And we've driven that well failure rate down from 1.5 down to, I believe, it's about 0.7 right now. So obviously, that has a very positive effect, particularly in the well maintenance category of LOE expenses. So we're closing in on 1,000 total well bores right now, and that's not a casual number to -- for our field organization to try to optimize. And to further make that a little bit more difficult is that we're all the way from Upton County now into the Howard County and into Martin County. So we're close closing in on about 9 counties where we operate wells. And so sometimes, that dispersion causes a little bit of a -- gives a little bit of efficiencies. But it's -- that's what we do though. We have Jeff White, he's our Vice President of Operations, and his whole organization is up to the challenge of making sure we can maintain best-in-class operations from our field organization's perspective.
Travis D. Stice: Yes, we've got -- the rigs we've got that are coming on, they're all under different contract periods. And as we go from rigs 6, 7 and 8, we'll be picking those rigs up on a well-to-well basis. And that's one of the slides, and I can't remember which one it is, it references the rig cost. You can see that it -- our rig cost has only come down 3%, that's because most of those were under pre-existing contracts. As we continue to add rigs, one of the more significant cost savings we'll have is the day rate on the -- on those drilling rigs. The completion crew, we picked it up, we've committed to them that we've got a dozen-plus wells that we need to work off of in our inventory. And as long as the commodity price holds, we'll continue to work that. But they're not operating under any form of long-term contract.
Travis D. Stice: Gordon, we'll always keep as many rigs in Spanish Trail as we can, which is somewhere, just from an operated perspective, a max of 2 to 3 rigs. And that includes that acquisition that we bought in the fourth quarter of last year, the Gridiron area and some of the acreage that's slightly outside the Spanish Trail. So we'll keep 2 to 3 rigs there. We'll keep probably 2 rigs up to the North bouncing around between Northeast Andrews County, Northwest Howard County, where we've got good $1 million [ph] barrel type wells there in the Lower Spraberry. We'll keep -- go to work one or so in the Glasscock County area. Again, that's a new acquisition that we had last year, and then we'll keep 2 in Howard County. So we'll have a couple that bounce around, and we'll keep I think 1 more rig in Southwest Martin County. And that should get you somewhere in that 8- to 10-rig cadence, depending on commodity price and service costs.
Travis D. Stice: Sure, we've kind of had an internal mark on the well, it's about $65 a barrel WTI. And I think this week, for the first time, hedges crossed over, the forward strip crossed over to about $65 and $65.50, something like that. I haven't looked at it today. But we're pretty close to the point at which I think we want to start building our hedge book. It's something I work with the board with a couple of times a week and just trying to keep them informed as well, too. Dave, the board, has guidance of -- to us, it's somewhere between 40% and 70%. And we're not anywhere near that in 2016. So I think we've got a nice little run in commodity price, we're watching it real closely, and potentially could start adding hedges in the not-too-distant future.
Travis D. Stice: Yes, Gail, I think the most efficient capital of that you can deploy is when you keep a rig on the pad as many times as you can. And sort of our sweet spot looks to be about 3 rig -- a 3-well pad. That takes in a lot of things, drilling, simultaneous operation with offset completions. And so as you -- as we continue to add and pick up rigs, more and more of our additional rigs will be on multi-well pads. In 2016, although we've not really looked at it in detail yet, and specially including this new acquisition, most of our rigs will be on multi-well pads. The only horizontal rigs that we have that won't be will be the ones that kind of bounce around a little bit in the Northeast Andrews County and Northwest Martin County. But other than that, we should be doing mostly pad work.
Travis D. Stice: Yes, the Dawson County well, it's been on for quite a while now. You get a really -- still continuing to perform in line with what we were projecting before, which is somewhere around that 600 MBOE type well, which again, at current commodity prices. I'd say above our threshold rate of return. It doesn't quite compete with some of our other Lower Spraberry result. But we think as hopefully, commodity price continues to improve, and over time, we'll develop that acreage block as well.
Travis D. Stice: Yes, Jeff, good question. And you're right, we don't give quarterly guidance. But I'll tell you as Diamondback kind of stood up earlier this year and said that capital disciplines matters and returns matters, we started deferring completions and laying rigs down. Most of the effects of that capital discipline decision are going to be felt in second quarter, and it's going to be measured by fewer wells completed in the quarter than we did in the first quarter. So I think your original assessment of how production profile's going to look is probably a good way to think about it. Whether it's exit or 4Q impact or early 1Q '16 impact, it will -- as you increase rigs and increase completion activity, we'll go back to that volume building trend.
Travis D. Stice: Obviously, the biggest majority of those are vertical wells. And the horizontal wells that are on there right now are some non-operated wells where we have a low working interest, so that's very little impact. Most of those vertical wells have been on production for 4 or 5 years. So we're down in kind of that 15%, 20% decline rate on the PDP.
Travis D. Stice: Yes, Jeff, that's a good question. I don't think we're ever satisfied that we're extracting all that we can out of these unconventional rocks. So we continue to try different things. More, I would say, tweaks as opposed to complete overhauls on our completion strategy. Again, Jeff White and his completion organization, they stay up to speed on all the ongoing completion enhancements that are taking place out here in the Permian. And on selective instances, they try that, and we monitor it so that we make sure we can get good feedback on the changes that were made. But in the general sense, it's more tweaks than complete overhauls.
Travis D. Stice: Yes, if you look at that slide that shows our Lower Spraberry results for Midland County, I believe it's in Slide #6. That 500-foot spacing is -- the ST West, 7-1LS and 7-2LS, we've show the average of those 2 wells on that pad. And you can see so far -- I mean, it's tracking with the results of the other wells. That's still early. We've got somewhere around 150 days of production on those 2 wells, they're very encouraging results so far. So right now, the Spanish Trail area, we're going forward with the 500-foot spacing and we'll be testing that 500-foot spacing in our other areas as well. We recently completed a microseismic survey on a 3-well pad in Spanish trail that we actually did at 660-foot spacing. We're just now getting the results back on that. So we'll take a hard look at the results of the microseismic and refine our spacing as we go forward.
Travis D. Stice: Yes, Jeff, as was indicated in our prepared remarks, this increased activity will still be within our original guided CapEx range because of the cost concessions that we've seen today. So that's a not too subtle message that we're able to stay within our original CapEx guidance, not increase it, but get increased activity.
Travis D. Stice: Yes, absolutely, Jeb. We've got real fulsome analysis from a cross-section perspective, both East to West and North to South, across this acreage block. So extremely good coverage with vertical well control. And then again, as I highlighted and then we've included in our slide deck, there's enough offset production data as well to further enhance our confidence.
Travis D. Stice: Well, as I mentioned on the previous call, we're not making major overhauls to our completion design. We continue to go 300,000 or so, 300,000, 350,000 pounds per stage, our per-foot concentration is 1,200 to 1,500 pounds per foot. And we're predominantly using white sand in our Wolfcamp completions and brown sand mostly now on our Lower Spraberry completions. We continue to tweak the number of clusters between each stage and also tighten the interstage distances to get a few more fracs in there. And we've done that on a couple of 2-well pads now. And we're monitoring results real closely to see if tighter spacing has a corresponding impact to the EUR.
Travis D. Stice: Yes, we're probably about -- we're probably in that maybe 15-plus range right now of wells waiting on completion. What's kind of a reasonable backlog per rig is around 2 to 3 completions behind each rig. That sort of seems to be the most efficient way for us to manage and being able to move the crew to the next well that's ready. And so just as a -- from a planning perspective, you got to look at 2 to 3 wells waiting on completion ahead of each drilling rig.
Travis D. Stice: Yes, I mean, it depends on the particular lease, but in almost all of them, we have leased, own them through the Cline. There is some, I'd say, some Cline potential, there has been some -- and I'd say reasonably good Cline wells south of our acreage. As you move north, the Cline gets to be more carbonate than shale. So we really like the A, B, Lower Spraberry and Middle Spraberry here more than the Cline. But in at some commodity price, there probably is some prospectivity for the Cline.
Travis D. Stice: Well, as we modeled it from the CapEx spend going forward, we included -- that's a CapEx number that we think we'll have to have going forward. So it's not included in the $438 million. It's just a CapEx number that we think is going to be spread out over the next 12 to 24 months as we initiate and implement that infrastructure spend.
Travis D. Stice: Sure, Richard. We kind of joke around here that we're hunters, not farmers, and so we're never really satisfied that the inventory that we've got is the right number. We're always looking to expand our footprint by doing accretive acquisitions. I'll let -- we will continue to be active in M&A. We're not necessarily what you'd categorize as an exploration-oriented company. But we're going to continue to be active in the M&A market starting today. So I'll let Russell answer the -- kind of the question on Central Andrews County.
Travis D. Stice: That's a good question, Richard. I think the split is probably closer to 80-20, maybe 90-10. But you have to keep in mind that as we've built this company over the last 3 years, our efficiencies [ph]. So we've never satisfied that we've got all the pennies picked up off the ground from an efficiency perspective. But probably 80-20, 90-10, with the larger number being associated with service cost concessions.
Travis D. Stice: Yes, Neal, maybe we're a little conservative in the way that we look at the numbers of laterals that go across the section. We sort of use that as a risking mechanism. But the least we know about a zone, the fewer laterals we'll put in. And I think industry has shown, if the shale works and generates the economics, somewhere between 6 and 10 is going to be the right number. So Middle Spraberry, while we've got a couple of wells drilled and some testing going on. We're -- we just don't have a lot of information there. And so I think industry has shown, not only in the Permian but also on all the other basins with these shale development, that they tend to get tighter, not broader, over time as the -- as more and more wells get drilled. So most of our well cadence or well counts in our inventory are biased upwards given success in each of these productive zones.
Travis D. Stice: Mike, one of the things that we were so excited about at the Viper level was that the growth profile associated with the overrides that Diamondback has offered to Viper actually exceeds the growth profile that's embedded in the legacy Viper assets. Now that we've been looking across the country for the last 9 months for acquisitions at the Viper level, it's pretty unique to find this kind of growth profile. And so as we outlined our Viper strategy, we wanted to get the assets that are operated by a competent operator. In this case, it's Diamondback Energy. We wanted to get assets that are actively being developed or on the verge of being developed, which this -- as Russell has highlighted, with a lot of activity, it's going to be occurring here in the near future. And the high oil component, which is like I said, around 75% to 80%. So this acquisition fit in the -- in all of those -- into all of those categories.
Travis D. Stice: Yes. Michael, again, we've not -- in early May, we've not really focused on exactly what 2016 is going to look like. But I think as we march along this year, as we pick these additional rigs up, we'll be able to provide a lot more clarity about what 2016 is going to look like. But one thing I do know is as you add rigs and you increase completion activity, volume growth responds accordingly. So certainly, our expectations are under -- accelerating rigs and accelerating completion activities that our growth profile is going to continue going forward in the future.
Travis D. Stice: Yes. I think when you look at our assets on the Western side on the Northern Midland Basin, you've got some pretty nice distinctive zones with some nice frac barriers in between the Wolfcamp and, say, the Lower Spraberry, for example. As you move east and you get some thickening in the shale depositions, it starts to make more sense to us to do stacked laterals. And so while we've not definitively come out and exactly spelled out what our strategy is going to look like, I think it's more likely than not that we'll be drilling stacked laterals, not only in Glasscock County but also in this Northern -- Northwest Howard County block as well.
Travis D. Stice: Yes. We'll probably be at the low end of our guidance. We're -- what did we say? $6.2 million to $6.7 million, we'll probably be at the low end of that. There's a highlight in my prepared remarks. We've got some wells that we're finalizing right now and although costs aren't in right now, the -- look like they'll be in the $6 million range. But they're not -- we don't have all the cost in on yet. But as I said in my prepared remarks, because we're completing a lot of wells that were drilled last year before all the cost concessions were in, we're still going to stay within that guidance for 7,500-foot well of $6.2 million to $6.7 million.
Travis D. Stice: Yes. That part is a factor. There is plenty available. But our cadence sort of supports 1 dedicated crew for about 2 to 3 rigs. And so we get up to the 8 rig, we'll probably have a 2 fully dedicated crews and 1 probably partial dedicated crew. And then as you would love [ph], that kind of ratio of 2 to 3 dedicated -- 1 dedicated crew to 2 to 3 rigs is a good planning number.
Travis D. Stice: Thanks again for everyone participating in today's call. If you've got any questions, please reach out to us using the contact information provided. Thanks, everyone, and look for to talking to you again in the future.
David William Kistler: One, congrats on a great acquisition. And obviously another stellar quarter, weather clearly didn't impact you guys, as others commented on. One of the things that I'm curious about is you ramped the rig count up, and in the past, you've talked about this. And as you continue to acquire, do you feel like you have the appropriate staff in place to run an 8-rig or even a larger rig program? If you could just refresh us in terms of what kind of capacity you think your staff has at this juncture.
David William Kistler: I appreciate that color. And then kind of following up on that, obviously, with the speed at which you're drilling, the inventory of wells that are producing right now, have you looked at building up? Or do you already have in place a kind of field or well control team to ensure uptime of the existing production? Obviously, as the footprint gets wider, that becomes harder to control. And just curious how you're thinking about that.
David William Kistler: One last one. Just relative to the ability to ramp up but also the ability to ramp down as you highlighted. The rigs that you'd be picking up, the completion crew that you're picking up, what kind of terms are you looking at on those? Are we talking well to well? Are we talking more a contractual over several months to a year? Any kind of color on that would be helpful.
