Richard Doleshek: David, those volumes were daily volumes. So the right way to look at it is to say, well, we think, we'll have the plants on full fourth quarters, that 15,000 barrels a day is split between QEP Energy and Field Services, you ought to do that for the full fourth quarter and then maybe third of the third quarter.
Richard Doleshek: I will just, we've put out some numbers that talk about $1 to $1.25 FND cost. So $2.5 billion investment per well, and so you kind of have to back into some of the numbers that Chuck just gave you. And again it's going to be -- we think we'll have a capital allocation 2012 for it, but it's not going to be full scale when we kind of talked about the $250 million a year investment until probably after next year.
Richard Doleshek: It's $1 to $1.25 FND. The average EUR on the wells 2 Bcfe and we think in full field development we can drive the well cost down to about $2 million a well.
Charles Stanley: You got to take into account, line pack, which I gave you the numbers on, 60,000 to get to [ph] Conway and another 230,000 to get from Conway to Mont Belvieu. So those are barrels that won't be sold but they'll show up on the balance sheet as inventory. And then there'll be a ramp up in volumes as we get the plant lined out.
Charles Stanley: Sure. We currently have 20 wells down and producing in the deeper Mesaverde section, liquids-rich gas portion of the Red Wash unit. We continue to watch those wells. We're pleased by the results we've seen. I can't front run the sanctioning of the project until we have our board meeting and talk about our 2012 and beyond capital investment programs. So we'll be having a conversation with our board. We have an ongoing conversation with them about our result and we'll be talking about this project in the upcoming board meeting next week and we'll continue to discuss it with them in the fall. So we'll have an update I would think at a traditional time, when we talk about our approved capital budget and other items in November.
Charles Stanley: Well, there's 2 components to this, David. As I mentioned it's wet gas. So there's a 2-step process here. We can process the early volumes in the head space in Iron Horse and in our Stagecoach plant, which is a reef ridge [ph] plant, which obviously has lower liquids recoveries of the liquids volume. The reef ridge [ph] component of processing at current prices, current forward prices, is a sort of mid-20s return and then when you go to cryo processing, you get into the low thirties, low to mid-30s return, on current forward prices of gas, oil and NGLs. So it's a quite attractive project.
Charles Stanley: And the reason for that is obvious. We can't grow production volumes in that project until we have the capacity to process them. So it's sort of a parallel approach. It takes from the time we sanction the project 1 year to 1.5 year to get a new cryo plant up and running.
Charles Stanley: Well, first, David, our producer of Green River oil in the Red Wash field and we have been for, I'm sorry, Brian I'm still thinking of David Tameron. In the Red Wash field and Wonsits Valley fields and those are old fields, they were discovered in the 50s and they were developed originally by Chevron and Gulf and then later Chevron operated both the fields, we currently produce a little over 3,000 barrels a day of oil from the Green River formation. We have drilled, over the past 3 or 4 years, over 40 horizontal wells targeting thin carbonates, primarily, in the Green River formation which had been bypassed by the original development of the field by Chevron. And they've had quite good results and we've drilled those wells and not really talked about it that much. They're basically a back fill decline of the existing old Red Wash and Wonsits Valley production. We're excited about the opportunity to drill more wells in the Red Wash field because the field, to date, has only recovered about 12% or 13% of the original oil in place. Production to date has barely scratched the surface on the amount of oil that's sitting in the ground in Red Wash. It's quite complicated field. It's got a lot of discontinued sands. It's been water flooded and we don't think it was water flooded particularly efficiently. So there's a lot of oil, residual oil, running around in these reservoirs that we really can't see in the existing wells which are drilled on 40-acre density when we go in and start deepening wells and when we start drilling new wells to tap the underlying Mesaverde wet gas play, we will have an opportunity to see a lot more of the sands in Red Wash and probably find a lot of incremental oil in those reservoirs as we develop the deeper Mesaverde play. That's several years out. Now, you asked about the Uteland Butte formation which is also has carbonate. It happens to be a dolomite and it’s present in the western portion of acreage, well west -- 3 or 4 townships west of our core Red Wash and Wonsits Valley fields where we historically operated. We've seen the results of the 5 or 6 wells that have been reported by another operator that operates at Monument Butte field. We have a very small interest in Monument Butte. So we've seen those wells and we have acreage immediate south of Monument Butte, it's roughly 30,000 net acreage or so due south of Monument Butte. We built one well into that Uteland Butte's member. We just have early results on that well. It wasn't a particularly barnburner well, but we think there's room for improvement on completion technologies. So we're continuing to evaluate our own acreage and look at the well results from the other operators that are targeting the Uteland Buttes to the north of us.
Charles Stanley: So the answer to the first question, we talked about restricted rates. We've got some wells restricted to $10 million a day. We have a family of wells restricted to somewhere about $5 million to $7 million a day. And the real question is there is some optimization around the pressure draw down and therefore the rate and we're trying to figure out what that is. The other thing we're trying to do is avoid creating large pressure sinks in the Haynesville Reservoir that will cause problems when we go in and start drilling the wells on 80 acre or whatever the ultimate density is, because if we produce a lot of gas out of the section, if you just think about one horizontal well drilled in a section and that well recovering 4 or 5 or 6 Bcf of gas, it creates a tremendous pressure sink right around that well, and if you come in later on and drill 80-acre offsets to that well, you create a sink for the fractures, so all the fractures will tend to point toward that all depleted well or partially depleted well and, therefore, you don't fully stimulate the surrounding rock and ultimately you don't get as much gas out of the section. So we're trying to manage production rates in these first wells in each of these sections in order to minimize pressure draw down before we come in develop the other 7 or how many remaining wells we ultimately decide are appropriate for developing the Haynesville. And as a result, on any given day, we may have an $80 million or more production curtailed in addition to the volumes that are on restricted rates. So there's a lot of gas here that could be produced if we so chose, that we're trying to manage. And we're doing this for 2 reasons: one, because we think it's the right thing to do from a reservoir pressure maintenance perspective; and two, we're trying to manage our dry gas volumes, because we don't think producing large volumes of dry gas is really the appropriate thing to do for our shareholders.
Charles Stanley: Well, I think it's good rock. It's really not comparable to some of our earlier wells because those were restricted even more as far as initial rates, the lateral link. It's a long lateral. So it's a very similar lateral link to some of our earlier wells. We are now pumping, on average, 30 stages. The earlier wells had less stages. But it's a very good well. It's within the sort of range of outcomes that we would expect in the play. I wouldn't read anything into it other than that.
Charles Stanley: I think we're in good shape there, Brian. We've got all of the eastern side of our acreage plumed into the pipeline system that will ultimately gather the oil and gas. On the west side, the northern part of our acreage is plumed in. The southern twins, as we call them, the 2 southernmost wells that we reported last quarter are not connected to the pipeline system. They will be late in the third quarter or early fourth quarter of this year just because of geography and their remoteness from the backbone system, but we'll have all of our production tied into both gas and oil gathering systems, certainly well before the snow flies in North Dakota -- well, I guess, I shouldn't say that, it could snow this month there. But it should not be an issue as far as go forward takeaway capacity.
Charles Stanley: Well, first of all, I'd say, everything that we have is for sale for the right price. So from a divestiture perspective, the door is open for offers on anything and we'll consider offers and, obviously, the announces that we do, Brian, is very straightforward. We look at the PV of investing capital in the project and drilling it out and producing molecules versus the PV of selling it if somebody comes along and offers us an attractive price, we will certainly entertain it. As far as acquisitions, we continue to look for opportunities to add to our core areas in which we have operating expertise and critical mass and so we’ve looked at both acreage acquisitions as well as just buying leasehold and we've actually picked up some interest in core areas like Pinedale through partner non-consent, which was the cheapest reserves you can add. As far as totally new areas, we're not currently focused on anything outside of the areas that we've discussed publicly.
Charles Stanley: Well, Subash, there's a tight rope that we walk here between critical mass and the ability to manage the efficiencies of drilling and completion activities and we really are seeing the results of that, and I think you'll see another opportunity for improvement here as we move to pad drilling and to really -- development of the Haynesville and there is a sort of minimum activity level that we believe is necessary and inappropriate to maintain and continue to drive down costs, and that's around 6 rigs. And interestingly, as we get more and more efficient, we end up delivering more completed wells with the same sort of activity level and it becomes even more of a challenge for us to maintain the critical mass, because we frankly don't need a dedicated frac crew because we can frac the well so quickly that we end up windowing that frac crew out to other operators for part of the year.
Charles Stanley: From what we see from other operators, we're a couple of million dollars under the other operators that are right in our vicinity. I can't speak to what folks are doing in the shallower parts of the play, but in the core of the Haynesville, I think our well costs are, certainly, from the other wells that we participate in, well below the average.
Charles Stanley: Oh, I didn't understand you. No, I think what we have is an opportunity, I think, on the leading edge to get below $9 billion -- $9 million per well gross completed well cost. How far below remains to be seen. There will be significant advantages and cost savings of working from pads to drill wells because, obviously, pad construction costs will be amortized over more than one well. Skidding a drilling rig versus rigging down a move and rigging back up is clearly a significant cost savings and then we get to work on multiple wells at the same time with the frac crew without rigging down the frac crew. All those things in aggregate, what do they represent? A $0.5 million of gross completed well costs somewhere in that vicinity, maybe better. Every time I have prognosticated about well cost savings in our core plays, like Pinedale, I've been rendered a liar by our team performance and so I fully anticipate that will be the case here. So with that, I hope the folks that are listening in that work for me will take that message and go to work.
Charles Stanley: It's been a topic of a lot of discussion around our shop. The oldest wells now have been on about 36 months or so and maybe a little longer. And we have seen some evidence of hyperbolic -- of a switch over from the exponential part of the decline to the hyperbolic component, but it hasn't been as profound as you might expect and so how this reservoir will perform as we go out into the later years remains to be seen. One of the things that we've done by restricting pressure is we're seeing a much better reservoir support as you can see from the lower graph on Slide 5, where flowing pressures are still much higher. So we're delaying the hyperbolic response as we maintain back pressure on these wells. So it may be a very long time before we see it. But the interesting thing is if you look at the commutative production, this group of 4 wells has cumed [ph] over 4 Bcf and, on average, our PUDs are booked at 6 Bcf and we're still seeing these wells flowing at well over 4,000 pounds close to 5,000 pounds of flowing pressure. So we're in very long ways from the demise, if you will, of these wells even if they continue to produce on a more exponential decline profile. I think that's probably where you're trying to go here.
Charles Stanley: Yes, although -- I agree with that from a purely economic perspective, that's correct, although the ultimate EUR could be negatively impacted. There have been enough shale wells that have been produced over long periods of time, both vertical wells and horizontal wells, and just knowing the rock properties the well will eventually turn over to hyperbolic decline. It's just a question of how far out in the cumulative production history that is. This is really tight rock and it will ultimately break over. It's just, at this point, it's hard to forecast as we just don't have enough long-term production data.
Charles Stanley: No. Other than the issues around fracture closure whether or not you can maintain a prop fracture and I don't think that, that's unique to just the Haynesville, a lot of these shales have similar pressure gradients and would have the same underlying questions.
Charles Stanley: These wells come on a relatively modest rates, a couple of million cubic feet equivalent a day for the average first month.
Charles Stanley: Duane, it's about 33 Bcfe of net reserve adds that's -- I'm sorry, 190 Bcfe. Thank you, Scott. I'm thinking in terms of the 33 million barrels equivalent of net reserve adds. 47 million barrels of liquids minus 86 Bcf of natural gas, so the number of this 33 million net barrels of adds. The reserves that we've booked are a combination of enhancement to our PDP reserves plus the revision or addition of liquids reserves to the PUDs. So will that grow at year end? Not a lot. I mean, we'll see some additional conversion of PDP or PUD to PDP reserves, but the absolute quantum probably won't grow significantly.
Charles Stanley: Yes, you get a slight increase in the reserves as a result of longer well life, lower abandonment rate, but most of it is an increase in the liquids volume just as the recovery of liquids from the cryo plant.
Charles Stanley: Well we've hedged a substantial portion of the remainder of this year's gas production. And our stated philosophy on hedging is that we would strive to be about 50% hedged on forecasted production by the end of the first quarter of the current year. We obviously are over that on gas this year, and part of the reason we were is that we -- and we're about 72% hedged on gas, part of that is we were guarded on third quarter gas prices storage build and we went into sort of shoulder season between the cooling season and heating season or generating season and heating season. We look at the gas markets and still believe there is an oversupply. We think that there are some fundamental reasons why that oversupply situation will correct itself, as offers pull away from drilling high-rate dry gas wells and move to focus on liquids-rich plays which have higher liquids content but lower initial and total dry gas production, so there's some structural changes going on to the supply side that are fundamentally favorable. And then of course, at current prices, the gas burn in the electric power sector is quite substantial and we think that will continue, but it is going to take a while for the market to balance, and as a result, we're continuing to layer on hedges. $5 gas generates very acceptable returns on invested capital for us and when given the opportunity to layer on hedges to that price, we're going to continue to do so, primarily, to protect cash flows on the downside, so that we can maintain drilling activities in our core areas and continue to drive down costs.
Charles Stanley: The Granite Wash slides? Yes, we combined the 2 -- we had about the Texas and Oklahoma stuff on the same slide. We didn't have any activity in the Oklahoma side, so we just pulled it out. We are actually going to drill several wells over in the Oklahoma portion in the Colony Wash and Hogshooter areas later this year, as well as some wells targeting environments and talk in the western part of Oklahoma which is actually wasn't on that slide. I wouldn't read anything out it. We're trying to economize on paper as we try to send out the release.
Charles Stanley: No. First of all, remember, we're line packing today and we will be for a while. And then we'll sell under a contract, the short-term contract, monthly contract, at Conway.
Charles Stanley: We had transportation arrangements, firm transportation arrangements, from Blacks Fork all the way to Mont Belvieu. And it's a more complicated transportation arrangement than and I'll be happy to go into it offline with you, but it involves exchanging some barrels and things like that. But we have firm capacity all the way to Mont Belvieu and firm fractionation capacity at Mont Belvieu and we're selling purity ethane and other products out of the tailgate of the fractionator.
Charles Stanley: Yes. There's a substantial discount especially for ethane prices at Conway versus Mont Belvieu. If you just look at the $0.30 or so difference in ethane prices.
Charles Stanley: Well, I'll answer the last question first. The reason partners are non-consenting is their own business. It's a capital allocation decision, I guess, but you have to remember they see different economics than QEP does, because we benefit from the liquids recovery currently and we'll benefit even more with the Blacks Fork II plant. So when you look at overall economics to the shareholder, our well economics we all had realizations and, therefore, Pinedale well economics are substantially better. The addition of the 2 rigs is not to drive more non-consents, although we'll take whatever interest we can get in these wells. It's to backfill the Blacks Fork I cryo plant. We'll move all the gas over to the new plant that we're currently processing in Blacks Fork I and we'll have some headspace that we can now fill in the original plant that we want to fill as quickly as possible. We obviously didn't want to have the rigs out there running and have a bunch of gas built up that we couldn't cryo process, but now that we have good visibility on the plant and we know that headspace is available, we'll do what we can to fill it as quickly as we can. That will be a 2012 volume increase and it really it will take us 12 or 18 months to fill it completely.
Charles Stanley: No. It's still makes economic sense to shut down completion activities during the coldest month. It's just crazy to try to keep frac water hot and keep frac crews growing from late November through sometime in March depending on how severe the winter is.
Charles Stanley: Yes. Are you in a basin acreage position, it's 120,000 acres. The Mesaverde fairway in Red Wash is 25,000 or 30,000 acres. And then I talked about the Uteland Butte area, south of Monument Butte, we've got another -- in that subset of that 110,000 acres, another 20,000, 30,000 acres there as prospective.
Charles Stanley: Well, we've got all the on-site work done. We're just waiting for the actual subsurface well permits and they're in the part of the permitting process, which has generally been 60 to 90 days. So we should be seeing those sometime late in the third quarter and then, after that, we've got to get the 2 rigs out there and we want those 2 rigs to show up as close to the same time as possible, because we drop them onto that 10-well pad, each one is going to drill 5 wells and we'd rather not have one rig finish 2 months before the other rig because, then, we got all that capital trapped, because we can't start completion on that 10-well pad until both rigs are off, because there's just not enough room to safely conduct fracture stimulations with one of the 2 pods of wells still occupied by drilling rig.
Charles Stanley: We have a rig out there now, we have one well down and cased there that will be completing here in the next few weeks and we'll continue to drill out there for a while.
Charles Stanley: No, they do not. They will change as a result of the conversion and keep in mind that up until July 1, basically, all the gas at Pinedale was being processed by QEP Field Services on a key poll arrangement and QEP Field Services was keeping all of the liquids for its account. With the revised processing arrangement, Field Services now will recognize those liquids -- I'm sorry, QEP Energy will now recognize those liquids in the E&P company and economics associated with the value uplift from those liquids will enure [ph] to the benefit of QEP Energy. So we'll revise the tight curve and the economics in our upcoming slide there.
Charles Stanley: I think we're just seeing average well results from our wells and from those that offset operators continue to come up. The early average was pushed down frankly by learning curve on how many frac stages to pump? How big of a frac stage -- total stimulation frac job should be pumped? And as a result, the early EURs were substantially negatively impacted by design. We still think we have, on that range of EURs, I think we still believe that we have, that we operate, that 12 Bcfe well, which is right smack in the thickest part of the core of the Cana and that's sort of the high side of on the reserves in the play today, at least from the results we've seen.
Charles Stanley: The short answer is yes. We believe that we can continue to drive profitable growth in this company while living in and around cash flow. We have alluded to several projects in Field Services, a new plant potentially to handle volumes of wet gas growing in the Uinta Basin. So we could see some lumpiness in investment around our Field Services business that might drive a slight out spin in that segment, but we think, in general, we can continue to grow production in the mid-teens and grow the company in sort of the mid-teens trajectory while living in and around cash flow.
Charles Stanley: Fourth quarter, we should be clean performance where we're running the plant -- again all things being executed perfectly, we're running the plant at optimal recoveries. We've got the plant fully loaded with as much gas as we can process in it. And then we have -- we are operating under our long-term transportation and fractionation agreement at Mont Belvieu, so we're selling into the highest value market and so you should see clean numbers in both Field Services and Energy in the fourth quarter. With the exception of line pack, Perry corrected me, with the exception of 230,000 barrels or so of line pack that will show up on the balance sheet in October as we fill a line from Conway down to Mont Belvieu. We will help you normalize for that when we release the numbers.
Charles Stanley: Drew, it's hard to give you that kind of granularity on the call. We haven't really disclosed our acreage position in the talk or in any of the other oil plays in western Oklahoma. We're still in the process of acquiring leaseholds. So I'd rather not go into too much detail while we're still in the leasing mode there, but we have a decent inventory of acreage across Oklahoma and you can see that acreage number in our 10-K disclosure. It's is not all prospective for talk of Marmaton or other plays, but it's a decent-sized acreage position, I'll just leave it at that.
Charles Stanley: Yes. We'll be, obviously, out on the road at various conferences, and it's on Scott Gutberlet's to-do list for this afternoon. So we'll get the new IR slide deck updated with that information as well.
Charles Stanley: No, not particularly other than the fact that we're currently running 4 rigs in the Haynesville and have been since early this year -- I'm sorry, in Pinedale since early this year. Relative to last year, we had 6 rigs for most of last year, 5 rigs in the fourth quarter, and then we went out 4 rigs early this year. So there has been a deliberate sort of slow down of rig count. But if think about it, in terms of number of wells we're completing, we're forecasting about the same number of wells for 2011, about 100 wells this year versus 103 last year. So not really a difference in well delivery pace.
Charles Stanley: I think we could stay at a higher level of activity and deliver more wells at Pinedale now that we've got the plant up and running and it'll certainly enhance the overall economics.
Charles Stanley: Well, if you think about it, in terms of 100 wells a year, it's probably 4 or 5 years out. Now if we accelerate the number of wells we're delivering, then we get there a little sooner.
Charles Stanley: We've got one 80-acre pile that's currently been drilled and is been online for what? Jay? Six months now -- 9 months or so and those wells are performing quite nicely. They look for all world [ph] like the first well drilled in this section. I mean, if they're not showing a significant deterioration in performance or forecasted EUR. So you'd like to have, obviously, more than one data point across your acreage. This is an ongoing internal discussion on when do we make a change in our booking methodology for increased density and how much haircut, to be safe, do we give to the infill wells? We currently are booked -- just a reminder, we're booked at 2 wells maximum per section or 2 locations maximum. If we have one producing well, we have another PUD. But we have a maximum of 2 wells per 640 acres. Clearly the economics and the performance support a much higher well density, 8 wells per section, or maybe even more and we're just not sure yet on exactly how many wells that is. At some point, those wells do interfere with each other and you do see a deterioration in per well EURs. That's the reason we had not been aggressive about raising the PUD EUR even though if we look at our average PDP well, it's probably greater than 6 Bcf of EUR, the forecasted recoverable reserves to the producing wells, because of the anticipation that ultimately we're going to book this field up on increased density at 8 wells a section or more. So we've been conservative. I would rather increase reserves over time as we see production performance to support it and piloting of infill wells to support it, rather than having to reduce proved reserves as a result of bad outcomes from development activities. I was sufficiently vague. I didn't tell you when because we really don't know when yet. This is a conversation we need to have with Scott [ph], obviously.
Charles Stanley: Part of it's just timing around completions, our well completions, and the completions of the other operators. As you will recall, we have an average 20% working interest in the Cana. A lot of the production growth is being driven by a third-party activity in which we have a working interest. And you get just lumpy well delivery as you do in a lot of different plays and as a result you see a little flattening, but the activity continues. The net well count continues to increase and we'll see some lumpiness as we go forward. A little bit of the activity, obviously, impacted by weather and by the damage at Devon's [ph] plant by the tornado that came through the Cana play a month or so ago, and that, obviously, will be corrected here shortly. But other than that -- there's nothing to read into that other than this typical well scheduling and well delivery.
Charles Stanley: Well, if you'll refer to Slide 8, we have colored bands there that show the location of the dry gas window and that comprises about 22% of our total leasehold. And then the 2 green areas, the dominant portion of our leasehold is in the condensate and liquids-rich gas areas, about 60% of our acreage. And then as you move up, if you really go into what looks to be a fundamentally different petroleum system, it is really basically an oil reservoir with associated gas. It may still have a retrograde component to it, but it is basically wells have come on at relatively low rates but are dominantly oil wells. The industry drilling activity, I think, is very similar here to every other resource play. What you're seeing currently is an industry drilling activity that is driven solely by drilling one well per section and the sections that each of the companies owns interest in order to save leasehold with established production. So we're seeing a large number of wells being drilled in that red area as people focus on saving leasehold. Even though I would submit to you a current well cost and current gas prices, given the rates that these Cana wells come on at, the economics are marginal in the dry gas window. People are just focused right now on saving leases. I think that what you'll see, as time goes on, once the leases are saved, is people will move into -- the industry is going to move into the liquids-rich portion of the play and probably focus in the core area where the shale is the thickest.
Charles Stanley: It's half-and-half. It's 5 Three Forks wells and 5 middle Bakken wells. The spacing is kind of odd because if you think about the wells emanate from a single surface locations and so they're very close together as the wells leave the surface pad, well less than -- on average it's a little over 500 acres of average well spacing for each of the 2 reservoirs, but in the near pad part of the well the spacing is probably less than 160 acres, and that's just the function of the well trajectories that we can efficiently drill as we move away from the pads and given the surface restrictions that we have since our acreage is primarily under Lake Sakakawea and we have limited service locations that we can occupy to drill 10-well pads.
Charles Stanley: It's drilling results, Josh, not -- Seismic data won't help you, you can't "see these sands" and even if you could "see" them you wouldn't be able to tell if they are water-bearing or gas-bearing. The architecture of the individual horizons like the Cherokee that we talked about in my prepared remarks, where you can drill a well less than a mile away and structurally high or up dip to an existing gas producer and produce 100% water means that it's a very difficult to project, pre-drill results and what happened to us in the Moore wells, we have one very good Atoka well and we put 2 rigs right next to that well and drilled 2 subeconomic wells, it's an indication that you really can't go too fast here. So there are some areas that we now have, I think, enough subsurface control that we feel pretty good that we can drill in between existing control points and not encounter water and get reasonably predictable results. There are other areas in particular, down to the south, in what we call the Methodist Home area, where we need to be very careful about how many wells we drill out in front of getting new well results because of the negative surprises we've seen. So it's really drilling results and not technology. There's no technology that we can apply here that will de-risk this thing other than drilling.
Charles Stanley: Well, Steve, that's a great question. I touched on it earlier. I think in power -- first of all clearly the future source of significant incremental demand for natural gas is going to come at least in the foreseeable future from the power sector. You're absolutely right natural gas relative to coal emits 50% of the CO2 of coal when used in power generation, significantly less socks and knocks, and of course another area that's been concern under the regulation of coal by power plants is mercury emissions and natural gas is essentially mercury free. So as a result, from an environmental and from a climate change perspective, natural gas is the fuel of choice of the fossil fuels. As you know, there's 400 gigawatts of installed gas-fired power generation capacity in this country and it's being utilized a little over 25% of its installed capacity today. So there's ample opportunity with the existing gas-fired power plants to increase demand just by further increasing utilization of those facilities and at current natural gas prices relative to coal prices, modern high-efficiency combined cycle power plants that have been built in the last 10 or 12 years are competitive with high-efficiency coal plants all the way out on the baseload part of the dispatch curve. So natural gas not only has environmental advantages but it also has significant economic advantages as power generators look to replace aging coal-fired power plants around the country. We're talking to you today from Denver Colorado. The state of Colorado has seen a significant move toward retirement of aging coal-fired power plants that are fingered as a substantial contributor to the current air quality issues along the front range, the eastern Front Range, of the Rocky Mountains here in Colorado and those old plants are being replaced by gas-fired power plants, which will generate electricity in the baseload for the utility here in Colorado. So we are optimistic over the intermediate term that power demand, gas-fired generation demand, will be a substantial contributor to natural gas demand in North America.
Charles Stanley: I think the current burn is about 18 Bcf a day or so and, obviously, with only a little over a quarter of the current capacity being utilized, there's an opportunity for multi-Bcf a day increases in demand. If we just retired a portion of the oldest, least efficient, unscrubbed coal-fired power plants in this country over the next 5 years, we could see an increase of 5 or 6 Bcf a day in natural gas demand just from that alone and that ignores any increase in the overall U.S. electricity demand.
Charles Stanley: Okay. Well I'd like to thank everyone today for dialing in and for your interest in QEP Energy. We'll be out on the conference circuit, so we look forward to seeing you very soon.
David Heikkinen: So thinking about NGL realizations from Blacks Fork, are you currently shipping on spot to Conway and...
David Heikkinen: So really you'll see double uplift. I mean, you'll get -- third quarter you'll have a spot and then you'll get an uplift assumingly going from Conway to Mont Belvieu.
David Heikkinen: And you won't have any changes to your normal cyclicality of completion schedule just to try to fill that center as you look at '12.
