Travis Stice: Well, certainly, from a quarterly perspective, from an operational perspective, we're pretty set on this year's plan. And we have the ability, obviously, to ratchet things down, but as I tried to lay out in our prepared remarks, ratcheting things up right now is not really the right answer. If you're asking a question specifically about buybacks, Neal, we're going to stay disciplined in our approach to buying our stock back. When we look at mid-teens returns or mid-cycle pricing, that's really not changing. I think what matters most though, Neal, is that we're returning cash to shareholders, and we're giving our shareholders the flexibility to do with that cash as they see fit. That's kind of how I view the world right now, Neal.
Travis Stice: Arun, if I could control the price of stock, it would be a lot higher than it is today, granted. But I can't. But what we can control is how we allocate capital, how we execute in the field, how we can generate more cash per barrels than anyone else. Those are the things that we really can control. It is -- we do hear a lot about this narrative that Diamondback is a serial acquirer, and let me just put it simply. Large-scale M&A today is quite frankly, off the table. We've got nothing on our deal sheet that's considered more than a tuck-in like the one just announced in my prepared remarks. This remains a seller's market, and we're not going to underwrite M&A at today's oil prices, just like we're not going to underwrite repurchasing stocks at today's oil prices. So I hope that's clear in both of those 2 points that I made, Arun.
Travis Stice: Yes. I think that's a reasonable approach. But Scott, I also think you have to be cognizant of what our industry has done over the last 10 years in respect to share repurchases. We've typically, as an industry, chased the oil price and repurchased shares back all the way to the top. We're trying to be mindful of that and disciplined in our approach. And I've tried to be as articulate as I could about the way that we think about share repurchases as any other form of capital allocation with that mid-cycle oil price. Mid-cycle oil price isn't -- [it's like] oil price, it doesn't change. Now what could change is that as we continue to accumulate cash, that's going to have an influence on our future capital allocation, both in the form of share repurchases and increased variable payouts.
Travis Stice: Yes, I think there's 2 points. Your first one is correct that capital efficiency does imply that the payout for that investment is much longer, notwithstanding the fact that the production from that, the way we develop these assets with multi-well pads is quarters away. The second thing is, is that in the hyperinflationary environment like we are in the Permian right now, standing up the rig using your example really means that we're, in most instances, we're going to be taking that rig away from somebody else. So -- and that applies to really all services. And -- so if you're looking to increase the total barrel production out of the Permian, you just really need to be reallocating, so it's not really helping the global supply/demand equation because that's really how tight the services are out here today.
Travis Stice: We've seen in the past in these hyper inflationary environments that supply chains ultimately normalize. But it takes time for that normalization to occur, which is measured in quarters, if not years for it to normalize. And when it does, then you start to have a greater opportunity to grow without degrading your capital efficiency.
Travis Stice: I think what you're asking us to do is start forecasting 2023 growth rates that we're not really ready to talk about 2023. I think though, Derrick, if you look at the macro uncertainties that are still out there, let me try to enumerate some of those. You've still got Iranian barrels, whether they're going to find a way in the market. You've got Venezuela, you've got Libya, you've got continued a little bit of surplus capacity in the OPEC+. Those are all volumes that can come on to the equation of the supply-demand equation. You've also got the continued demand impacts of COVID, particularly in the Asian markets right now. And then lastly, to say bluntly, the administration's comments are certainly causing a lot of uncertainty in the market, both in the terms of regulatory taxation, legislation and negative rhetoric towards our industry. And that creates uncertainty in our owners', our shareholders' minds about what the future of this industry really is. And so I think this represents on that front, a pretty unique time to have a sober assessment of what an energy policy really needs to look like for the United States, one that recognizes all forms of energy, while at the same time, having aspirational goals about a more sustainable future.
Travis Stice: And Scott, when you think about the improvements that Kaes just talked about that are operationally and execution focused, those are made irrespective of commodity price or service costs. And what's exciting about those and what I'm so proud of our organization about is those are permanent. Those are permanent savings that go forward. And when you start doing the relative game to Diamondback versus others' performance, that's what creates the spread. And this is not just a recent phenomenon. Our organization, their stock and trade has been these types of incremental improvements year-over-year regardless of the economic or commodity price backdrop. And I think it's fair that we're going to continue to do that. It gets harder in times like today, but it doesn't mean that we still can't find differential ways to do more with less. And the second point is that as we fully embrace the Northern Midland Basin with the assets that we acquired through Guidon and QEP coming on the production mix back half of this year and fully into 2023. Those wells are so good, you will see a natural uptick in capital efficiency because we -- those wells deliver more per dollar spent.
Travis Stice: And Jeff, those are true strategic comments that Kaes just made. But look, tactically, what we continue to see is our operations organization getting the TD faster on a quarterly basis. And that kind of goes back to the comments I made earlier. This is what we do. So getting the TD faster translates to cost savings that become permanent. Also completing more lateral feet per day as an efficiency gain this year is another one of those tactical things that we're doing that's helping us hold the line on an increasing cost backdrop. So -- and just to emphasize, we always get the question asked, what is it that makes the secret sauce of Diamondback in our low-cost operations as you just pointed out. And it's really not 1 or 2 things. It's really a consistent laser focus on every single decision that we make that spends dollars. And the cumulative effect of that laser-like focus allows Diamondback just not on a quarterly basis, but now almost for a 10-year time period, maintain the lowest cost operations and the best execution out in the Permian.
Travis Stice: And Nick, we view that as a win-win or a lose-lose. So we're not trying to position ourselves as a win versus lose on the G&T side. We know that emissions from the product we produce need to be eliminated and minimized as quickly as we can. And that's the reason that we spend time in conversations like this talking about our G&T business partners as well as including some slides in the ESG detailed part of the deck that highlights what Diamondback was responsible for and what our midstream guys were responsible for both planned and unplanned outages.
Travis Stice: Yes, Doug, listen, we've tried to outline exactly our thoughts on the rationale behind all of those things. My comments on the stock price is really a function of what I can control and not control, and I can't control the actual market, what the stock is -- what the actual stock price is. We try to be very disciplined and we are very disciplined in the calculus we use to buy anything, whether it's our stock, whether it's acquisitions or whether it's making drill well decisions. And I've tried to outline the mid-cycle oil price of $60 a barrel. I think that could change as we continue to accumulate free cash. Mid-stock oil price won't change, but our ability to buy more shares back will change, but we made a commitment to distribute at least 50% of our free cash flow and other than [ordinate] on the balance sheet, which we said we're not going to do, we're going to hard that commitment and return at least 50%.
Travis Stice: Look, we will be affected by inflation, no 2 ways about it. But the bet that we've always made here internally is that we will be affected the least of anyone else because of our efficient operations. And you see it in the first quarter of this year, we were all affected by the same inflation, and we were at the low end of our CapEx guide for the quarter. Recognizing that's going to be a challenge to continue that performance, I still bet on our organization to deliver.
Travis Stice: Thank you again to everyone participating in today's call. If you've got any questions, please reach out to us using the contact information provided.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes, Neal, I don't see any changes. I mean I think we're seeing inflationary pressures across the value chain. Fortunately, we baked a lot of that into our guidance for the year. And fortunately, we had a strong Q1, which if you annualize Q1, you'd be towards the low end of the range. So it gives us a little flexibility in the back half of the year. And second to that, I think we're debating internally what does 2023 and beyond look like. We're not ready to give an answer to that today. But it doesn't mean that the plan is zero growth forever. I think we have the flexibility to ramp up a little bit if we needed to, if that was the decision come kind of late summer for 2023 and beyond.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes. Arun, good question. I wouldn't say $3.5 billion is a hard and fast number before we ramp up shareholder returns, but certainly would like to take advantage of this market by taking out our 2026 notes and, therefore, not having any near-term maturities before 2029, which opens up the door for accelerated cash returns. I think that's going to happen sooner rather than later. Just generally, we do want to keep a cash balance, but we're not going to sit on a large cash balance, and we think no debt isn't the right answer. So we're not going to sit on it. And therefore, we're going to return it. This is an active discussion we have with our Board every quarter on cash returns. And I think generally, we're going to be supportive of more cash returns as the balance sheet is put in fortress shape.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes. Nitin, I think people are -- on the midstream and the upstream side, are coming together to solve this problem. And you've seen a couple of announcements on expansions of a couple of existing pipes in the last couple of weeks. We still think there needs to be a large pipe built, new-build pipe, which hopefully happens here in the next month or 2 from an announcement perspective. And generally, going back to what we said last quarter, we have -- we don't have take-in-kind rights for all of our gas, but we do have full assurance for all of our gas. So we are exposed to Waha. We've hedged much of our exposure in 2023. And we think that's the tight spot. And the gas is going to move. It's just a matter of price. And I think there's a lot of constraints on Permian growth right now as we've seen anecdotes from others on trying to ramp activity into this constrained environment. So generally, I think the gas thing gets solved. I think both sides are as incentivized as ever to build the pipes and that should clear the way for Permian growth in the out years.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes. I would say right now, everything is tight across the board, whether it's sand, casing, new high-spec rigs, frac crews; everything is very, very tight. We're doing our part by keeping our activity levels flat. We're running the 12 rigs we need and we're running the 3 simul-frac tractors we need with a fourth spot crew. But hearing anecdotes of not being able to get casing, not being able to get sand, these are things that we've done our best to secure, and I think we're in a really good position. And it kind of ties to what Travis was saying, is if you're going to bet on someone in an inflationary environment, it's Diamondback. I mean we control costs as well as anybody in this business, and that's what we're laser-focused on in 2022.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes. I wouldn't say we haven't had opportunities. I mean we've had opportunities even in Q2 to repurchase shares given the volatility in this space. So there's enough volatility out there to give us opportunities. And I would say the share repurchase is more defensive than offensive. And when things are going really, really well like they did in the first quarter, we make up the difference with the variable dividend.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes. I would say it was more one-off than anything, but the volatility in Brent and Dated Brent, in particular, versus WTI benefited us. I'd say about 30% of our oil production received a Dated Brent price for barrels going to Europe, and that was in our favor there in Q1. So I think generally, we've always guided to 95% of WTI as our realization. That might need to move up a little bit, particularly with WTI going up as much as it has, but it's going to be tough to hit 100 consistently.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes, it was more a macro comment that the service market is a zero-sum game right now and us stepping on the accelerator would result in someone else not. And so we want to maintain that capital efficiency that we have and the trust that we've earned with investors that this is the plan.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes. These were some pretty high-returning locations mainly because the acreage has an 84% NRI. So an extra 9% NRI was about 1/3 of the deal value. And so that makes a completely undeveloped unit in the Delaware basin very competitive with Midland Basin unit. So I'd say this deal is the exception versus the norm. It was agreed to about 6 months ago. But if other opportunities like that come about, I think it's a good use of cash as long as we're not impacting our cash return program.
Kaes Van't Hof: I think we consider it, Derrick, we just want to have control of enough molecules to do anything meaningful. This goes back to the take-in-kind rights, right? We sell -- we exchange to the custody of the molecule at the wellhead outside of 200 million a day we have on the Whistler pipeline going down to Katy in South Texas. So we really don't have control over a lot of gas. The company's grown through acquisitions. A Lot of times, the gas came dedicated already with no take-in-kind rights for that operator.
Kaes Van't Hof: I think it's certainly possible, Scott, and certainly it's part of our assessment of where we're headed and also ties into this mantra of capital efficient growth or capital efficient maintenance. It's amazing what the organization has done in terms of efficiencies. Three simul-frac fleets have doubled our efficiency on the frac side. And on the drilling side, like you mentioned, the clear fluid drilling system as well as moving on to electrification has reduced costs and cycle times. So I certainly think it's possible, and we continue to see improvements throughout this year and certainly going into our calculus for what does the next few years look like.
Kaes Van't Hof: We'll see. It's still early. So we'll see. I think we're really focused on getting through the rest of this year in a very tight inflationary environment.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes. Good question, Jeff. I mean we've obviously baked in some inflation into these costs and went into the year at a lower well cost when we went into 2021 and even in the face of an inflationary environment last year. But generally, there are service providers pushing price. And sometimes we decide not to keep working with those particular service providers. So I think our ability to control costs is because we control a lot of the process with our business partners on the service side. We recognize they need to make margin. But if there is another provider that can provide the same service for less cost, we'll go that route. And we've done that a few times this year. So that's helped us control things a little bit.
Kaes Van't Hof: No. Listen, I think we feel fine with everything we have due 2029 or later sitting out there. And if we take care of the 2026 is, which should be in a matter of months, not years, we'll be in a position to have discussions about increasing shareholder returns beyond what we're already doing.
Kaes Van't Hof: No, it's all due to plant turnarounds, right? I mean we put out a slide that explains that 75% to 80% of our flaring is due to downstream issues. And we're trying to push and incentivize our business partners on the midstream side to do better in terms of flaring, sometimes through contracts where we pay them more per Mcf, if take pay less than 1%. But really, timing-wise, Q1, a lot of turnarounds from some of our business partners on the midstream side. There is some seasonality to it, but that's why we push them for more interconnectivity among their peers, so that if their plant goes down, they can send it to another plant or to a peer and we'll still pay them. So part of the whole value chain is we need our friends on the G&T side to work with us here.
Kaes Van't Hof: Well, electrification in the field helps LOE. So electrifying all of our fields is not only environmentally friendly, but also cost friendly, getting rid of infield power generation. But on the frac side and the drilling rig side, moving rigs and frac fleets to electrification would help lower costs on the capital side, but also then lower our combustion percentage of Scope 1 emissions.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes. Good question, Doug. We raised our cash tax percentage this quarter because we weren't running $100 oil in our initial guidance in February. There's still some protection this year. We do have about $1.5 billion of NOLs that will protect us next year. So we won't be a full cash taxpayer next year in '2023. Some were NOLs that got pushed out, couldn't use it this year, so we've got to use it next year. And then commodity prices stay where they are. Full cash taxpayer by 2024.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes. I mean partially, right? I think our protection will decrease next year, but there will be some protection and then full cash tax payer in 2024.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes. I mean, it really depends, right? I mean it depends on what happens in the situation with Russia and Ukraine as it relates to pipe costs, right? We thought pipe costs were going to come down in the back half of the year. It doesn't look like that's going to happen this year. It might happen next year. I mean I think there's a little push/pull, Leo, with this business tends to sort out supply chain issues over time. And as commodity prices stay stronger for longer, some of the tightness will get sorted out. So certainly, I'm not going to make a prediction that 2023 inflation is going to be as much as 2022, but we're certainly seeing inflationary pressures across all the big ticket items right now. And some of that pricing for the big ticket items is incentivizing new builds, which tends to lower prices. So I think there's a little bit of push/pull. Jury's still out on 2023.
Kaes Van't Hof: I think we feel really good about the budget. Obviously, we're on pace for the low end. I think that's going to be tough, but we feel really good about this year's budget.
Kaes Van't Hof: Yes, I'll take the second part first. Certainly, the cash tax guidance would be higher next year if we have these commodity prices. I think it's basically pretty close to a full cash taxpayer outside of $1.8 billion of protection. And then second, I think your question related to when does the cash exit the system for cash taxes. And we'll be making payments, our first payment in June for the first half of the year and then quarterly thereafter now that we're heading to cash tax land.
Kaes Van't Hof: No, there's no fluctuation. So our burden in Q2 is expected to be higher than our burden was in Q1. It's just that the cash is going to leave the system in Q2.
Kaes Van't Hof: I would say most of it is subject to market conditions. We did -- we talked about the e-fleet, we signed a deal with Halliburton. That price is fixed and our sand price is fixed. So the rest is going to fluctuate, and we'll see where the market goes over the next few months.
Arun Jayaram: Yes, I'm sorry. I didn't hear my name. Sorry about that. Travis, I want to get your thoughts. Obviously, looking at the near-term performance of the stock, you've clearly lagged your oil beta as well as our sense of execution, which has been good in the field. So I was wondering if you and/or Kaes could talk a little bit about the bear thesis on the stock. As you know, there's a number of properties on the market in the Permian and the market appears to be concerned about Diamondback executing perhaps a procyclical type of M&A deal in this type of environment as the buyback pace has waned a bit. So I was wondering if you could maybe talk about that and just your broader thoughts on M&A in this kind of $100-plus oil environment.
Arun Jayaram: Great, great. So it sounds like large-scale M&A is off the table today, if I -- based on those comments.
Arun Jayaram: Okay. Yes. That's clear. The second point I wanted to make is just looking at the cash flow statement for calendar 2022, on our model which is a bit below the strip call it, $6.2 billion, $6.4 billion of CFO, a little under $1.9 million of CapEx. If we go through all of the uses of cash including nearly $800 million of debt reduction year-to-date, we'd still get 1 -- over $1.2 billion of cash build this year. So I was wondering if you could talk about some of the priorities for this excess cash. I think you highlighted maybe a debt target for FANG, stand-alone at $3.5 billion. But I was wondering maybe you could talk about uses of cash if this high commodity price environment continues.
