Charles Young: Thank you, Dallas. We finished 2019 strong. We were pleased with our financial performance as both same-store revenue growth and NOI growth came in at the high end of their respective guidance ranges. More importantly, I'm proud of the strides we continue to make with our resident service evidenced by our resident survey scores in the fourth quarter that reached new heights. I'll now walk you through our fourth quarter operating results in more detail. Same-store NOI growth of 3.8% in the fourth quarter brought our full year 2019 same-store NOI growth to 5.6%. Same-store core revenues in the fourth quarter grew 4.3% year-over-year. This increase was driven by average monthly rental rate growth of 4% and a 10.8% increase in other property income net of resident recoveries. Average occupancy was 96% for the quarter consistent with prior year. This brought our same-store revenue growth of 4.5% for the full year 2019. Same-store core expenses in the fourth quarter overall were in line with our expectations growing 5.3% year-over-year. Primary drivers of the increase were property taxes and repairs and maintenance expenses. Year-over-year increases in R&M OpEx were partially offset by decreases in R&M CapEx. Turnover spend increased more moderately than R&M spend. Before moving on from expenses, I'd like to take a moment to expand on the drivers of the 3.3% decrease in full year controllable expenses that Dallas mentioned in his opening remarks. Efficiency initiatives beginning in the summer of 2018 prompted a quick and sustainable turnaround on repair and maintenance efficiency that helped limit the increase and cost to maintain to only 1% in 2019. This performance and cost to maintain was better than our expectation coming into the year. In addition platform refinements helped to drive a 9% reduction in personnel costs in 2019. Finally record low turnover rates coupled with process improvements drove turnover cost down 9% and leasing and marketing costs down 6%. Next, I'll cover leasing trends in the fourth quarter of 2019 and January 2020. Our revenue management and field teams worked well together in positioning our portfolio for the seasonally slower months of leasing. In the fourth quarter and January we prioritized maintaining higher occupancy to ensure favorable positioning heading into the upcoming peak leasing season. Blended rent growth was 3.4% for the fourth quarter where the renewals coming in at 4.5% and new leases at 1.6%. In January which is seasonally slower for leasing blended rent growth was 3% with renewals of 4.5% and new leases of 0.3%. Occupancy increased throughout the fourth quarter in January with January averaging 96.5%. This is 20 basis points higher than last year's January occupancy and should position us well for when peak leasing season kicks off in the spring. With fundamental tailwinds at our back we are confident as we start 2020. Our operating teams are focused not only on executing to capture positive fundamentals but also on operating more efficiently to drive down days to re-resident and offset cost inflation. I'm excited to go after these opportunities in 2020 with the best-in-class team of local partners in the field and central support and our corporate offices. With that I'll turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer Ernie Freedman.
Charles Young: Yes high level, hey Shirley. Overall fundamentals are strong. Supply demand remains a significant tailwind as we look across the markets. As I said in my opening comments, we took the fourth quarter to make sure we're focused on occupancy. And in January we're in good shape. We're year-over-year above where we were last year trying to hold that occupancy in Q1 so we can go in the peak season to capture that strong demand that we're still seeing out there.
Charles Young: Jason this is Charles. Thanks for the question. As I said fundamentals are strong in the markets. And we're seeing it on the ground supply and demand still a tailwind. When you step back and you look 2019 in aggregate, we had a great year on occupancy and rate growth both were up year-over-year. And we had our best peak leasing season ever. In retrospect it's as we look back though it's clear that we may have held the new lease rate maybe a little too long into the season. And it started to slow down our leasing velocity in Q4. And as we talked about Q4 Q1 are slowing leasing seasons and we wanted to focus on occupancy. And so what you're seeing across the markets. In some of the markets we had to push a little bit down on rates to get back to occupancy and we got to 96 in Q4. And in January we're running north of 96 which is great. We're above where we were last year and we're keeping that momentum going in. So the whole idea here is to set ourselves up for peak leasing season where all the action happens Q1 Q4 things are a little slower. We want to capture the peak leasing season to make sure that we can have our best foot forward.
Charles Young: Yes. I mean we have a couple of cold weather markets in Denver and Chicago. We've been operating there for a while and we're always conscious of how we treat the homes especially when they're vacant to make sure that we're being conscious of any freezing pipes and stuff like that. And our smart home technology helps us with that and being highly occupied is another benefit. So we try to pay attention to that. The reality is it has been a little more mild but there's seasonality that comes with it. Our experience and talent on the ground that's why we're local. We have eyes on assets that gives us a good comfort that we're making sure we're maintaining the homes that are vacant and occupied by our residents.
Charles Young: Yes. Well the last couple of years we really haven't moved down this metric as much as we want. We're in the mid-40s right now. And our goal this year is a real focus is to try to take two or three days all that in 2020. As you mentioned there's a lot that goes into it looking at turn times utilizing technology to try to lease better and faster and just having an overall focus is the real cross-functional metric that we're looking at. So there's no reason long-term that we'd like to get that number down into the re. We have several markets that are there right now. And so we're going to continue to push. There's real benefit in getting that economic occupancy down.
Charles Young: Yes good question on South Florida. It's really more of a supply issue and it's not necessarily the new single-family supply specifically but there's a lot of condo vacancy a lot of options for the consumer to choose from. And given that and it's really happening in certain submarkets where we're seeing the supply impact. And our field teams and asset management teams have done a really good job of selectively pruning out of those submarkets. So we'll think we'll be in good shape long term. But because of that we've been focused on occupancy. If you look at - look back over the year we actually went up in occupancy to 95.4 versus 95.2 in 2018. And we'll take that same approach in 2020. With a little bit of supply out there you may see some pressure on rates but we've been able to maintain occupancy and we'll focus there until we can start to get some pricing power.
Charles Young: Yes there typically is not. South Florida is a very unique market. And I think it really comes down to just having lots of options for the consumer in a market like that. Our rents are a little higher in South Florida. Condos are out there. If people are trying to move them it just gives options. So it's - to your point it's not typical but in that market it's kind of unique and it's showing up.
Charles Young: Yes great, great question. So taking your last part first, we haven't seen any uptick in move-out around purchase. It's been pretty flat throughout the year. And in regards to turnover look the number is still really low and it tick0ed up a little bit but 30% is a number we like. And a lot of that is a testament to our teams and what they're able to do and the customer service that we're providing. It's hard to say where they're holding that rate was really an uptick. That's really on the new lease side - so those homes are already turned over. And they stayed a little vacant longer than we wanted and that's why we had to give up on rate a bit. So I don't think that contributed to it or maybe had a mild contribution. But overall, we're still really pleased with where we are in our trailing 12 turnover rate 30% is really strong.
Charles Young: Yes macro - Dallas is spot on. I think we will see in certain markets where there's a real focus on great fundamental markets like Orlando where the competitors came in and bought up some product and put it on the market all at once that you may have a short-term blip. We saw that in Orlando in Q4. It's starting to moderate as you work through the product. And if you look at our numbers our results in occupancy have rebounded immediately. So, if there is it's kind of a short-term thing and then we get back to the fundamentals of the market that play out. And that - most of all of our markets are in our favor.
Ernest Freedman: Thank you, Charles. Today I will cover the following topics: one balance sheet and capital markets activity; two financial results for the fourth quarter; and three 2020 guidance. First, I'll cover balance sheet and capital markets activity. We continue to make meaningful progress in reducing our overall quantum of debt and improving our leverage metrics as we strive to become an investment-grade company. In 2019 we reduced our overall net debt by over $700 million reduced net debt-to-EBITDA to 8x down a full turn from where we started the year. This deleveraging was accelerated in the fourth quarter through capital markets activity tied to our investment efforts. First, we used proceeds from our Nashville bulk sale as well as other cash on hand to repay almost $200 million of secured debt in the quarter. These payments also benefited our weighted average interest rate as we directed voluntary prepayments toward higher cost debt. Second, we raised $38 million via our ATM program during the quarter to over-equitize acquisitions. In 2020 we will continue to focus on both leverage reduction and external growth balancing the two opportunistically. I'll now cover our fourth quarter 2019 financial results. Our FFO and AFFO per share for the fourth quarter increased 6.1% and 10.8% year-over-year to $0.32 and $0.28 respectively. This was primarily driven by higher same-store NOI lower adjusted G&A and property management expense and lower cash interest expense. Partially offsetting the increases in core FFO and AFFO were lower non-same-store NOI resulting from disposition activity including our Nashville bulk sale and higher share count due to ATM issuance. The last thing I will cover is 2020 guidance. As Dallas and Charles discussed we believe we have strong fundamental tailwinds at our back. We expect to grow same-store core revenue 3.75% to 4.25%. We expect same-store core expense growth in the range of 3.25% to 4.25%. We expect to sustain the efficiency gains we achieved in 2019. As a result controllable expenses net of recoveries which are comprised of expenses such as personnel costs and the OpEx portion of cost to maintain are anticipated to grow at an inflationary rate of approximately 3% at the midpoint of our guidance. Fixed expenses which represent about 60% of our total core expenses are expected to grow at a higher rate than controllable expenses. Anticipating a larger increase in our property insurance expense as our last property insurance renewal was in 2015. With respect to real estate taxes we expect our growth rate to moderate from 2019 levels with an anticipated increase in the 4s. This brings our expectation for same-store NOI growth to 3.75% to 4.75%. From a timing perspective we expect same-store NOI growth to be higher in the second half of the year than in the first half. Year-over-year revenue growth comps are more challenging in the first half of 2020 and we also expect year-over-year expense growth rates to moderate over the course of 2020. Full year 2020 core FFO per share is expected to be in the range of $1.27 to $1.35 and AFFO per share is expected to be in the range of $1.04 to $1.12. Included in this guidance is an assumption that we will be a net acquirer of homes in 2020. We will take an opportunistic approach with acquisition volume ultimately dictated by how attractive the buying opportunity is relative to our cost of capital as the year progresses. Most recently we have been buying at a pace of approximately $200 million per quarter. We have multiple tools available with which to fund acquisitions and would expect a portion to be funded with proceeds from the sale of lower-tier homes albeit at a more moderate disposition pace than in 2019. A detailed bridge of 2019 core FFO per share to the midpoint of 2020 guidance can be found in our earnings release. As a result of our anticipated growth in AFFO per share in 2020 we have increased our quarterly dividend by 15.4% to $0.15 per share. We continue to target a low dividend payout ratio as we prioritize deleveraging and accretive external growth. I'll wrap up by reiterating that we are excited to run towards the 2020 priorities that Dallas discussed in his opening remarks. The client demand fundamentals are in our favor and we're in position to capitalize on these fundamentals with the strategic locations and scale we've assembled within our portfolio. We are prepared to execute efficiently with our refined platform and our entire team is focused on widening our lead by pursuing strategic initiatives to drive both organic and external growth. With that operator would you please open up the line for questions.
Ernest Freedman: Yes. And I'll take it more at a high level approach in it with regards to for the full year and then we can try to tie it back to the fourth quarter. So for the full year we laid out in the supplemental growing from where we ended 2020 at $1.25 and walking to the midpoint of our guidance range which is $1.31. First off, the expected NOI growth rate of 4.25 at our midpoint of guidance adds $0.08. We have a couple of things that are acting as headwinds for us as we go from 2019 to 2021 as we thought it was a wise decision in terms of exiting the Nashville market. But that was dilutive to us with regards to the NOI contribution that we gave up compared to the use of proceeds which I think was a good use of proceeds for us to delever the balance sheet further. But that's going to cost us about $0.01. And certainly in the fourth quarter of 2020 - 2019 excuse me, we basically had a full contribution from the Nashville portfolio as we sold that in the middle of December. So there's certainly a little bit of noise from that. Secondly, when you look at one of the items, we pointed out in that walk was the fact that financing costs are going to be a $0.03 drag I addressed. About half of that comes from just what we have in place today in terms of our forward step-up swaps. Those were put in place a few years ago by the company we merged with, with regards to similar when Invitation Homes it was still fixing our long-term cost and these four step-up swaps which we've disclosed in our 10-Qs and our 10-Ks over the last many years. A number of swaps expired during 2020 just like they did in 2019. And the replacement swap - was in place for the last few years is at a higher rate. And so, that's going to cost us about $0.015 in terms of our dilution that's kind of spread out through the entire year. So again a little that, that impacts back to fourth quarter number and that number that you pointed out as well, when you factor that in and then our expectations around being a net acquirer this year which we hope to do. That also - that's the other part of the $0.03 I talked about there. Those are kind of the big drivers that take us from $1.25 to $1.31. If we didn't have that dilution if we didn't have a little bit of noise from the cost of funds you would have seen an FFO growth rate that would have be closer to the higher single-digits versus what we were projecting again at the midpoint of our guidance that's closer to 5%.
Ernest Freedman: Yes sure, so we were expecting to do - and we hope to do is to be able to acquire a similar pace that we finished out the second half of 2019. And that pace was anywhere between high $100 million almost $200 million up to about $225 million, $250 million. So we're hopeful that we'll be able to continue at a pace similar to that in 2020. And typically what you've seen in our years on the acquisition front that ramps up throughout the year. The first quarter typically is a little bit lighter. You see us ramp up in the second quarter, we usually see some great opportunities in the third quarter as peak buying season by end users winds down there's opportunities for us to jump in. And then it kind of slows down again in the fourth quarter. So it wouldn't be ratable across the year. So, we'll see if we can maintain that pace. It all depends on what the market conditions are and where our cost of capital is at that time. On the dispo front - that you'll see a drop-off in the amount of dispositions we've done relative to what you saw in 2019. The guidance certainly doesn't consider any bulk sales or any market exits like you saw in Nashville. And the guidance assumes that we're going to have a disposition is more in the range of probably $250 million to $400 million of dispositions. A little more front-weighted on that one than notch, but generally spread out across the year but maybe a little more front-weighted as you think about where the $250 million to $400 million proceeds may come in.
Ernest Freedman: Yes Drew, I think it's definitely much, much more the latter. Yes remember this guidance when we provide a range. And you're right to point out when you factor in and understand that. A lot of our revenue is sort of baked in already based on the leases we signed in 2019 it would take a significant deceleration for us to get the low end. And we certainly hope just not see that. I'll also caution that both the fourth quarter of 2019 and the first quarter of 2020 are light leasing months for us. The brunt of the year in terms of - we need to achieve for 2020. Leasing activity will occur in the second quarter and the third quarter as it does across all the residential space. So I'm always cautious not to draw too much to get too excited - its December or January early your numbers are great and also not get too worried if they're not where you might want to be because you're not doing a whole lot of leasing activity at that time of the year. We want to provide a range for guidance as to what are our possibilities but it certainly, we feel good where we're starting the year we feel where things are at. And we certainly see a path that could play out similar what we saw in 2019 that we're able to later in the year as peak season did well in 2019 if we had that opportunity in 2020 to increase guidance as we go.
Ernest Freedman: Yes on the real estate tax you said it right Drew there's always a lot of wood to chop when it comes to appeals. And our guidance does not assume a whole lot of success and appeal. So if we have - continued to have better and better years and we had a pretty good year in 2019. There's an opportunity to potentially perform to the upside there. We do expect some success. But again it's moderate levels. But in states like Texas its normal course to appeal basically everything. We still have a number of outstanding appeals in Georgia that we got our fingers crossed on. And hopefully we have some good news on it and of course if you go across different jurisdictions. You see different opportunities in Florida is always a big one for us. One of the nice things we're seeing is again with our exposure to California and the fact that real estate taxes are locked in at a 2% growth rate there because of Prop 13 that certainly helps over time moderate our real estate tax exposure. And so again we're confident that we're going to do something in the 4s as we discussed in the prepared remarks. And again, we'll see opportunities potentially to do a little bit better than that. Across the broader expense environment you're also right Drew and that it's early days. January was a good month for us. January came in - meeting our expectations with regard to expenses in doing slightly better than what we might have expected on the revenue side but not enough to get too excited about. But also, it's one month and we'll see how the year plays out with regards to how things go there. We certainly built in some level of contingency in our expense numbers. In some years you need it. In some years you don't. And unfortunately some years you might not have built in enough and we do our best to try to factor that into our guidance. And similarly last year we had a big outperformance in expenses as the year went through and we'll hope to do the same this year but it's too early to give with any confidence where that may hit.
Ernest Freedman: Yes absolutely. And a lot will depend on our capital activity that we do with regards to acquisitions and dispositions. But we expect that we'll continue to be able to bring our improved our net debt-to-EBITDA numbers. And based on kind of where our guidance is and where we see EBITDA coming in and our plans around capital allocation, I would expect net debt to EBIT to be somewhere between 7x and 7.5x by the end of the year.
Ernest Freedman: Yes. So when we talk about R&M I brought it on and just talk about the overall cost to maintain. It is the OpEx side of it. It's the CapEx side of it as well. This year interest we do expect both OpEx and capital scope in similar amounts. And we think all that line item is being right around that same inflationary increase.
Ernest Freedman: On the expense side it's certainly something we're very cognizant and even the investment side as we think about risk-adjusted returns across our entire portfolio. We're very focused on thinking about putting the correct premiums that would be required because of that. From a California perspective Jay the risk for us from a climate perspective would be around wildfires. And we've been very specific about where we're investing in California and had been very fortunate to date based on where we are where our geographies are the wildfires the power outages are impacting California really haven't impacted us. So when you take that to an insurance perspective really the risk, we're insuring for in California is quake which is a separate risk from climate change. In Florida we've been very specific to make sure where we're investing in Florida that we're not exposed exactly to the coast or very careful on flood plains. And what insurers like about our risk compared to other residential is that our risk is spread out across thousands of assets across many, many miles. We don't have a $100 million single asset in one location that could be impacted very significantly by something that happening from a storm perspective. So it's a little bit more dispersion of risk. But clearly anyone who's exposure to Florida and we have exposure to Florida has seen pressure on cost when it comes to insurance but we have some good mitigants offsetting that they probably put us in a little bit better position relative to other residential and commercial real estate because of the nature of our asset type.
Ernest Freedman: Yes John I don't want to speak off the top of my head and give you an answer. Let me to think through that a little bit because it is hard to disentangle those types of things. We also take - have the impact the fact that we're pivoting to external growth which means we'll be bringing more homes on that will get that initial upfront renovation relative to what we've seen in the last few years. So unfortunately, it's not an answer I can give you spot on as I was sitting here but let's give us some thought and get back to you.
Ernest Freedman: Ryan, we’ll get back to you on that after the call. So I don't want to answer it incorrectly with this many people on the line.
Dallas Tanner: Shirley this is Dallas. I'm happy to talk high level from an industry perspective. I prefer not to get into specifics about any competitors on this call. From an industry perspective though as you look at the consolidation that you see happening whether it's with the recently announced [indiscernible] transaction or some of the smaller things that we see in the marketplace that happened it’s all good generally speaking for the industry. We would expect that this industry over time and some distance will have many operators with considerable scale. We look at it as a good thing for the space in terms of ancillary companies’ other opportunities things that will develop around the industry. As well as the ability to offer quality experience for residents which will only help the industry mature over time. So, we view all of these kind of moments of consolidation as a real opportunity for the companies that are involved in the industry as a whole.
Dallas Tanner: Well I mean and again this is Dallas. Good question. I think as we look think about growth and we think about acquisitions. And we said this Ernie mentioned this in his earliest comment in the Q&A. We feel that that $200 million per quarter run rate's pretty achievable in today's environment given where the supply and demand kind of meet each other in the markets that we're really focused in. If we saw more opportunity we would certainly try to lean in and find a bit more external growth while we weigh out everything including what our cost of capital at that point is. It's hard to quantify everything that you're missing on top of what you're acquiring. But at the end of the day we feel pretty good about those estimates that somewhere between $175 million and $250 million a quarter feels pretty doable in today's environment and we'd certainly look for more opportunity to come in front of us.
Dallas Tanner: Yes in terms of how we look at the portfolio as a whole from an asset management perspective we're always going to be measuring ourselves against performance and some of the other macro factors that we see in markets. So as Ernie mentioned in his guidance comments at the beginning for the year we're not pricing in any bulk sales or market exits in any of our plans for 2020. I think that our selling will center around traditionally what we've always looked at which are nonperformers geographic outliers’ parts of the portfolio that aren't just making a ton of sense for us over the long term. And as we weigh that out in terms of our global view of where we can find the best risk-adjusted returns that's where we're typically selling on the margin. And you see that we're a little bit more active in the middle part of the year as we're turning more properties and having the ability to look and review some of the assets that are on our questionable lists and things that we're thinking about. But I wouldn't expect anything outside the norm from a market mix perspective than what we've done in the past.
Dallas Tanner: Thanks Jay. I'll take the first question. I'll let Ernie talk about the insurance question your second comment question. In terms of how we think about climate change and you referenced California and Florida. Obviously both very warm weather markets for us high growth lots of things going on in those markets. We're focused on a couple here. So first of all as you start to look at the portfolio as a whole and which assets you want to own and why for the launch you want to be sensitive around things like flood plain and things where you could have potential exposure which also doves in your pricing on your insurance question which Ernie can comment on. And then we're also doing some things. We've actually got we're doing some what I call early work to try to get smart around what opportunities are available to us around things that fall into the ESG buckets such as solar and things like that. Now are those sustainable strategies for us for the long haul. We're not in a position today where we feel that we've got that completely figured out but it's certainly something we're focused on. We want to be an environmentally-friendly company. There's things we do already whether it's around hard scape landscaping and things like that. That can add to that narrative. And that mission which is part of being active in our community. But there's still a lot of room to grow and things are changing consistently. So I think making sure that from a risk profile we're being smart around which assets where and why. And then also from a service perspective what are the things that we can do to enhance that experience and also be environmentally-friendly along the way are all focused for us right now.
Dallas Tanner: It's a great question Jamie. And you're spot on. And going in cap rate doesn't tell you the whole story on any acquisition. So we would agree. And remember we're total return investors. So to really emphasize the point you made we look at obviously ingoing yields and what the cash flow's going to look like but we really care about what's going to happen around the asset over the long haul. And so our models are typically anywhere between three and five years as we look at markets. And there's a couple of ways we do it looking at kind of different return profiles. But we completely agree. And we care as much about what our year three NOI yield is going to look like as much as we do our year one and coupling that with where we think we're going to see that outperformance and growth. And if you look at where we have been active specifically in 2019, I mean you'll notice that the majority of the 2000-plus acquisitions we made last year were on the West Coast. And that's indicative of the type of growth we're seeing. It's evidenced in the renewal rates the new lease growth that Charles has talked about. I mean you see markets like Phoenix for example in the fourth quarter and we had blended lease rates of 7% and which are really, really strong. And it really emphasizes the types of growth you're seeing in those parts of the market. So we would agree it's all relative. It's all important as it goes into our models and how we think about growth. And as we mentioned earlier in the call and in my opening remarks we are as focused on trying to grow accretively through external measures in markets where we already have significant scale like Phoenix and Orlando those are great markets for us going forward.
Dallas Tanner: Yes, it's a great question. So I think your first question encompasses really just demand right? Like what's the demand feel like out there. And I'd say if you look at any of the new homebuilder data if you look at any of the resale data it all kind of point to the same direction in the first quarter this year which is resale supply is really tight. Consumers are buying homes leasing homes really quickly in the market. We just generally talk about the supply is underserved. And so we would see that the same way. Now to your specific question around what do we see specifically in our space with our competitors. I think we got to be honest with ourselves and taking a step back and just remind ourselves there's no more than probably 400000 homes that are professionally managed in the U.S. today which would represent less than 2% of the overall single-family rental detached population. So even amongst our peers whether they're public or private we represent a very small cohort of the people that are actively out acquiring single-family homes either for ownership or for rental. So we play in the same sandbox so to speak with the end users with other consumers new capital coming into the space what have you. And so as I look at it this market has been really tight for the past three or four years. There hasn't been a ton of new supply. And then you go back to what I think is a differentiator for our business which is we generally earn a much tighter location band than most of our peers that we pay attention to in the single-family rental space. And that's indicative of where our rent values are today. I think we're approaching almost 18 50. And if you look at the price points of our homes whether it be what we're buying or selling generally a much higher price point which means much closer in and which lends itself to some of those overwhelming demand kind of factors that come into play. So the demand side of it and that feels really active. There's not a bunch of homes sitting on market and a company like Invitation Homes can just go in. But when you're local when you're looking at everything all the time when you're active in the space both on the buy and the sell side it lends itself to opportunities. We talked about that in our opening remarks. We had an excellent bulk transaction in the first quarter on the buy side. We had a really efficient sale on the book side in Q4. So I would expect us to keep kind of running the same offense that we are which is being opportunistic not compromising location and I would expect that we can put up that $200 million per quarter number hopefully unless we see something different.
Dallas Tanner: No not really. In terms of taking on balance sheet risk and being a builder that's not something we're focused on today. I think being the best buyer of single-family homes in the country that's what we are focused on today. So if that's buying from a builder or buying from boutique builders and markets, we'll look at that. But we don't want to compromise my earlier point on location for the sake of growth. It's just it's a dump. If you buy further out if you're willing to chase what are - what I would call paper yields you can get yourself in trouble. If you are diligent and disciplined around sticking to what you know how to do which for our business has been paying up the curve and buying assets that are better located, they're going to have some of those demand factors we talked about we believe that's a winning formula for us going forward.
Dallas Tanner: Yes sure. So Haendel, we've been pretty clear about this probably in the last year and a half. We really want to grow in markets like Dallas and Denver and you'll see that in our 2019 numbers for Dallas I think we bought 175 homes and we only sold I think less than 40. So we grew by 130 assets. So that market itself we've put a lot of thought into specifically where we want to grow what types of submarkets making sure that we're staffed up the right way. We've actually kind of built out both of those teams both Dallas and Denver in the last year. So really good about where we are heading into 2020. And I would expect that your total portfolio vacancy will be a little bit lower as we're on-boarding those new units over the next couple of years.
Dallas Tanner: Yes you stay active on it is the short answer. You make sure that you're part of the discussion that you're involved. We work with a number of different organizations specifically in California to keep a surprise of anything that's going on. And on top of that we participate at the state level with the governor's office and the housing authorities that are involved with the state of California. We have - Buck we have actually in our 2020 guidance baked in that we think will be active in terms of making sure that we're getting the right messaging out and being focused on no on Prop 10 what they call Prop 10 2.0. Now I think it's a little disappointing because I think the Governor and the House and the Senate done a nice job in trying to create some alignment around the rent cap measure that went in place last year. We are also very realistic in our understanding that every two years or so this is going to be an election type of topic. And so we've got to stay active on it. We believe that Costa-Hawkins will or what they're calling Prop 10 2.0 will have the similar effect that it did two years ago which was resoundingly defeated I think by a measure of 2 to 1. We believe that it's not good for the state of California to limit new development in rooftop formation and things that the state quite frankly needs. My understanding is that the Governor's on board with that approach and that that is generally widely seen as one that will pass. In terms of being focused on other markets as well where some of those conversations coming up, we're very active through the NHRC through some of the other efforts that we participate in to make sure that we're in the early stages involved with any discussions that are going on around rent control or anything like it. Fortunately it doesn't feel like as of yet in any of our other markets that there's anything of real substance moving through any floors whether it be at the state level or local levels. And so California is always a little trickier. It's one of the benefits of our portfolio as Ernie mentioned before it's a great market with high demand but you get to inherit some of the fun governmental type of stuff that can come up as being an active owner of real estate in those markets. And you got to participate in the process. So for us we'll continue to stay active. We believe that we're in a good position and we'll continue to support causes to get the meshing out.
Dallas Tanner: Your last comment spot on overall the housing supply imbalance is definitely in the favor of anyone in the single-family business whether you have home available for sale or homes available for lease. We don't see that changing. And I think it is important to remember the differentiation and I'll let Charles speak this as well. But the macros on our industry whether we come into a market with 150 new homes in a given year or don't doesn't really change the macros particularly of that market. In terms of how much overall product could be available for lease. To your point, we may have a little bit better visibility in what some of our maybe bigger institutional peers are doing because of their marketing and things like that. But I'll let Charles speak to that.
Dallas Tanner: We'd like to thank everyone for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in Invitation Homes and the team looks forward to seeing many of you in March. Operator with that we'll conclude our call.
