Charles Young: Thank you, Dallas. We delivered another quarter of resident service, we showed up not only in our resident satisfaction scores, but also in our P&L. During the third quarter, which is a busy period for leasing, turns and maintenance, the quality of our service translated to yet another record low in resident turnover. For the first time, turnover fell below 30% on a trailing 12-month basis. We also continue to set new heights in our resident satisfaction survey scores. I’m proud of my partners in the field, I want to thank them for their daily commitment to generate care for our residents. I’ll now walk you through our third quarter operating results in more detail. Favorable fundamentals and strong execution led to Same Store NOI growth of 4.5% year-over-year in the third quarter of 2019, in line with our expectations. Same Store Core revenues in the third quarter grew 4.4% year-over-year. This increase was driven by average monthly rental rate growth of 4% and a 40 basis point increase in average occupancy to 95.9% for the quarter. Same Store Core expenses in the third quarter increased 4.3% year-over-year, continued platform refinement and efficiency gains resulted in a 0.4% decrease in controllable costs, net of resident recoveries. Offsetting the improvement and controllable costs was 8% increase in fixed expenses, net of resident recoveries driven primarily by higher property taxes. Let me add some color to the improvement we have made this year in controllable expenses. Platform refinements has driven a year-to-date reduction in personnel, leasing, and marketing costs of almost 10%. This improvement has been in line with our expectations. Cost to maintain has been 0.4% lower year-over-year to date even better than our expectations. Process improvements beginning in the summer of 2018 drove a quick and sustainable turnaround in repairs and maintenance efficiency that resulted in a roughly 3% decrease in cost to maintain in the first half of 2019. This was followed by a more inflationary increase in cost to maintain in the third quarter of 2019, as prior year comps become – became less of a tailwind as expected. In the fourth quarter, prior year comp should again be less beneficial. To be clear though, we continue to see further upside to cost efficiency over the next several years as continue ProCare refinement may help offset some general inflation in cost to maintain. As a reminder, ProCare is our unique proactive way we serve our residents for move-in to move-out, including post move-in orientations proactive service trips and pre-move-out visits. Next, I’ll cover leasing trends in the third quarter, demand in our markets remain favorable through the end of peak leasing season, resulting in a 40 basis point year-over-year increase in average occupancy to 95.9%. At the same time, that blended rent growth increased 30 basis points year-over-year to 4.6%. Renewal rent growth was 4.7% in the third quarter of 2019 compared to 4.8% in the third quarter of 2018. And new lease rent growth was 4.3% in the third quarter of 2019, up from 3.4% in the third quarter of 2018. Importantly, our teams also did an excellent job managing leasing activity in the later stages of peak season to ensure that we carried high occupancy into the off season. This has positioned us to finish 2019 strong and will remain focused in the last couple of months of the year to deliver the leasing lifestyle that our residents expect. With that, I’ll turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Ernie Freedman.
Charles Young: Well, it’s hard to predict in – this is Charles, by the way. It’s hard to predict in the 2020, we can react to what we’re seeing on the ground, right now, which is really positive demand. As we’ve talked about all year, the top-line growth has been really strong, we’ve seen demand throughout the year. We finished off the Q3 in really good shape up on occupancy as well as on rent growth and went into Q4 here in a good position, and we continue to see solid demand. We don’t see any reason that that would slow down in 2020, but we’ll see what’s ahead.
Charles Young: Sure. I’ll start with South Florida, I think, we talked about it on the last call. South Florida is actually flat as you look at it Q3 year-over-year, but when you look at it year-to-date, occupancy is actually up 40 basis points, which is great. We are seeing, I think, I mentioned this last time a little bit of oversupply in the market. So we’re regulating on the rent growth side to make sure that we keep that occupancy and we’ve been able to maintain that into the fourth quarter. So we’re watching it closely, it does – performance does vary by submarket, and the field teams are working very closely with asset management and doing a great job with selectively pruning, and so as Dallas was talking about some of those dispositions you may see a few more coming out of South Florida. But overall, we’re keeping the occupancy, where we want and we’re having to give up a little bit on rate. Moving over to Houston, actually, Houston seen a really – has had a great year. Year-to-date occupancy of 96.3% versus 94.6% last year, so really a healthy move there, blended Q3, blended rent growth is actually up 180 basis points to 2.6%, again as we’re getting more occupancy were able to push rate, it’s not keeping up with some of our other markets, but it’s doing pretty well. I think, what you may be seeing is there was a sequential kind of down from Q2 to Q3, which is normal. And that kind of seasonal trend that will see as you get towards the end of Q3, and leasing comes down a little bit. But we were coming out of Q2 at a high watermark of 97.3%. So it come down to the 95% is not that big of a deal and what we expect seasonality for market.
Charles Young: Yeah. This is Charles. First, we think that turnover is really driven by the quality of our homes and the quality of our service. We do know that there’s an affordability factor out there and we’re an attractive option for residents, who want to have high quality homes and great neighborhoods and good schools. That being said, we know that trees don’t grow to the sky, and we have had real success in our low watermark below 30% for the first time on a trailing 12, can’t predict where that’s going. We’re just going to continue to provide great service and Dallas and team are continued to purchase great homes and we think it’s going to will be at the low end of that turnover curve.
Charles Young: Yeah, I think, it’s more the latter, Drew. We come out next quarter with guidance around acquisition disposition activity, I think, it will be more apparent is what may be available from a cash flow perspective or not for additional debt pay down beyond the normal course for us. But at this point, it would be hard to say there’s a run rate that would be consistent over the next couple of years for you go to in the model.
Charles Young: Yeah. So this is Charles. Renewal rate year-to-date through Q3 has been 5.1% it’s really strong from 4.8% last year. So we had some great execution early in the year. As we come into Q3 and we know we’re going a little lower leasing – slower leasing season and trying to make sure that we optimize the portfolio in the Q4. You may see us regulate that down a little bit just to make sure that we’re keeping occupancy. And it varies market by market, depending on where we are on occupancy. So it’s been overall a strong renewal year, I think, we’ll continue that. But you may see it come down slightly here in Q4, as we make sure that we want to set up 2020 it’s really strong year.
Charles Young: Yeah, this is Charles. I’ll take that. From a professionalized perspective, we’re out there in the market with mom-and-pop, so we don’t really see them as direct competition, because we’re optimizing our portfolio, selling different than what they may be solving for. So, if there are other institutional market or professional firms out there, they’ll show up in some of the Southwest markets that we’re seeing, whether it’s Florida, Atlanta, and otherwise. But they’ve been there the whole time. Now, there may be a few more pushing in and we see some supply of pieces as I talked about in South Florida, a little bit in Orlando right now, although we’re still performing well there, so – but nothing that’s materially impacting. You could see from our results and our occupancy being up and our blended rent growth being up almost 50 basis points. It’s not slowing us down. But we are watching it closely and paying attention to what the competition is doing.
Dallas Tanner: Sure, Nick. Thanks for the question. As we set out for the year and we start to see it really early in the second quarter, we thought we’d be a little bit more to net neutral on the year as a whole. But we definitely started to signal this summer that we’re seeing some opportunities in markets. I would expect that we maintain a nose towards being a bit more acquisition focused as we see some of these good opportunities. We’re in a unique environment where we can incrementally add to the portfolio and continue to sell the non-performers along the way. And so, as Ernie mentioned in his comments earlier, we definitely had a little bit more disposition activity throughout the year, but we’ve been equally benefitting by the current condition of the market and seeing additional opportunities for growth.
Dallas Tanner: Yeah, Jade. In your question, I think, you did a nice job of summarizing the different types of buckets that we look at. There’s definitely some that are geographic, there are some that are based on call it maybe some future potential CapEx risk, that’s ordinary course for us in terms of how we analyze the portfolio. And to get a little bit until we will rank our properties based on quality type and location internally, and that’s not something we share externally, but it’s certainly a metric and part of our proprietary systems of how we look and rank ourselves in terms of performance and overall expectations around what we may or may not need to put into an asset over the long-term. We’re probably a bit more focused right now and just making sure we get submarket – specific submarket alignment, the way that we want our portfolios be able to operate. And so we work very closely with Charles and his team, in terms of making sure that not only the portfolio mix. It’s right, but that also that we have the right shift mix within the portfolio in terms of size, bedroom, bath counts the right ratio et cetera. That’s all very important in terms of how we offer a consistent service level to our customer. So it can be a variety of things. It could be geographic. It could be that we think our homes are quite frankly too big. And it has potential turn risk to it. So we’re very sensitive about some of those things. All goes into the formulas that we look at, in the ways that we measure success internally.
Dallas Tanner: Well, we see a lot of supply pressures generally across our portfolio to be clear. And in the West, you just don’t have enough rooftops to keep up with household formations. So we would expect demand to be strong generally across our portfolio. And you’re probably going to feel a little bit more of that out west with higher barrier to entry – lower barrier to entry markets, excuse me.
Dallas Tanner: Well, to be clear, I don’t want to – I’ll use Ernie’s line that he said, which is we don’t want to provide any specific guidance. But just in terms of historically, the things that we’ve done as a business we bought our first 30,000 homes one by one over a period of 18 months. And so, we have the abilities, the systems, the processes and people that if the market opportunity and the cost of capital is available to us, that we can certainly look for meaningful ways to grow.
Dallas Tanner: Yeah, I mean in Phoenix you got to be particularly focused on staying in site the major beltways, the 101 and 202 freeways. I think that’s where we’re seeing terrific amount of events. Our stuff in Tempe and also South Scottsdale has done really, really well. Anything in the East Valley is strong as well. That market has a tremendous amount of net migration, employment growth and quite frankly not enough supply to keep up with demand. So generally, the market as a whole strong, but anything on the interior is doing really well.
Dallas Tanner: Thank you. We’d like to thank everyone for joining us again today. We appreciate everyone’s interest in Invitation Homes. And look forward to seeing many of you at the upcoming Nareit conference. Operator, with that, that will conclude our call.
Ernest Freedman: Yeah, Nick. This is Ernie. That’s certainly an opportunity for us to consider and we have considered that. And we’ll just continue to look forward as our most efficient use of capital or cost of capital I should say for us to fund acquisitions as we [prefer] [ph] to be more of a net acquirer and because we are trying to get to an investment grade balance sheet and bring leverage down that you point out a very good opportunity for us to potentially to get there a little faster by over exercising.
Ernest Freedman: Yeah, sure, Rich. In talking – all throughout the year we have talked about real estate taxes, specifically on that line that 4Q quarter would be our easiest comp and still projecting to be that way. Year to date we’re at about 6% expense growth, in real estate taxes I think it’s 5.9%. And we’ve provided guidance on real estate taxes all year, that we thought would be somewhere in the 5%. And we feel very comfortable with that. So that does imply, and we do expect that fourth quarter real estate tax growth will be less than we’ve seen year to date. For other expenses then, we just want to make sure – we’ve been cautious all year. We want to make sure we build an appropriate amount of conservatism with our expense guidance. We had the opportunity in the first two calls of this year to be able to bring it in this quarter. It was closer to our expectations with regards to expenses on our overall basis. So I know that implied math there show that there would be an acceleration of expenses. But take that acceleration with what our performance is for the year and how we’ve provided guidance. And we feel good that we’ll – come out with a number that’s within our range. And hopefully, beat those expectations like we’ve been able to do most quarters this year.
Ernest Freedman: Yeah, absolutely. So for a little bit color on what we’ve been selling, it’s been a unique year, in that we’ve sold more end-user type of homes back into the market. I think we’re close to almost 2,000 homes through the end of Q3, roughly 1,900 homes and some change. That we’ve actually put back into the end-user market, those would be much lower cap-rates, typically homes that would price much better at a retail level. In terms of what we’re buying and where we’re seeing some of the best opportunity, and a lot of this goes to my earlier comments around scale and being able to drive some of those great efficiencies and margins on a market, we’re seeing excellent growth in markets like Phoenix and Seattle right now, where we can go and buy meaningfully attractive cap rates and operate those homes at margins that are continuing to optimize. Furthermore, we’re seeing a tremendous amount of demand in Phoenix for most of the year and our new lease rate growth has been north of 10% for the year. And that continues to just provide us confidence that that’s a market we want to continue to invest in. And in terms of some of the smaller markets like Boise, they’re certainly attractive. There are operators that are going in there. But I think I’d just take a step back and say where is our best use of capital right now. And I think it’s in these parts of the country where we already have significant scale, we have the ability to provide more scale into that particular market, which will then enhance greater efficiencies on the margin. And taking a step back, we’re still seeing exceptional growth in these markets like Phoenix and Seattle. And some limited parts of the southeast as well. But definitely have a strategic advantage with our footprint in the West.
Ernest Freedman: Well, I think one of the advantages, we highlighted this a bit at our Investor Day is we’ve been local from day one. So our investment team on the ground in Seattle supported by the back office in Dallas has been working together now for the better part of seven years. So we’re local, we’re high touch. We’ve had the ability to do some unique kind of off-market opportunities with some local builders here and there in the past couple of years. And on top of that, you just have to be active there every day. It is not really anything different than we do in every market, Rich, except that we were in Seattle early and built enough scale to where you could run a business quite frankly the right way. And so, our team that is leading our efforts in Seattle is just doing a fantastic job. I think a little bit of a cooling in the broader housing market has helped us a little bit with some more opportunity there. But it’s still exceptionally tight, but the fact that we’re there every day allows us to see some opportunity.
Ernest Freedman: Yeah, so – and, Shirley, this is Ernie. So I’d say, you said the keyword there, is we have to balance. We have multiple goals that we want to achieve. We want to achieve earnings growth. We want to achieve good NOI growth. We want to achieve margin expansion. And at the same time, we want – we’re seeing, just where the market is at today and having some more tools in the toolkit from a cost of capital perspective, the opportunity to be a net acquirer. Against that is we also do want to bring leverage down. So there are a lot of different things, lot of different balls we’re juggling there at the same time. We have said specifically with the balance sheet on – with normal course, with excellent – NOI growth and EBITDA growth that most people are expecting over the next period of time, it’s not quite a turn year anymore that leverage would come down. We’ve kind of gotten past some of the easier stages there. But it’s probably more in the half to 3 quarters of a turn. So I just want to make sure that’s out there and people understand that. But we do have that opportunity. And one of the earlier questions talked about that, potentially over equitized acquisitions. We’ve been fortunate that a year ago we wouldn’t have predicted the cost of debt would be as inexpensive today as it is now, so that certainly helps as well. We put ourselves in a good position with the balance sheet, make an even safe are still with the refinancing. We can accomplish many of those goals maybe not each of the individually to the fullest extent, because they do counterbalance each other, but do very well against all of them. And gets replaced that we’re comfortable with that would check all those boxes in a positive way. And importantly, in a positive way relative to other real estate opportunities that maybe out there for investors.
Ernest Freedman: Yeah, John, let me start with that, and then I’ll turn it over to Charles as well. I think importantly, John, I would advise don’t just look at the operating expenses associated with repairs and maintenance in isolation. I would advise, look at total net cost to maintain, but importantly you look at the CapEx side too, absolutely, right to point out that our repairs and maintenance operating costs for just this 1 quarter for the last 90 days were up 9.7%. But our CapEx costs were down 5.2% in that same period, as I’m sure you saw on our disclosures. So on a total basis, it’s up 1.8%. So we certainly are doing our best to keep that as low as possible, but I also don’t feel so bad about that is up less than 2% on a year-over-year basis, specifically, we have talked about in the past so there are some cost pressures with regards to personal items of our superintendents and things like that you have general cost inflation. And I also point out that again as we look at this short period of time out of the longer period from a month-to-month basis, sometimes on a year-over-year basis you have different results in the first part of this the third quarter. We did see some better performance in repairs and maintenance and the third month, it was a hot September, that offset a more normal July and August for us from summer and those things happen. I think, it was more to point out that not to get too hung up on just a 1 quarter basis, when you’re looking at things, and you look at overall for all of our expenses. And I went back and looked at this John, prior to the call just to get a sense for where we’re coming in from an expense perspective. We’ve done pretty well over the last 3 years, I mean, look at our other expenses. In 2017, they were down 6.2%, in 2018, which was a tough year for us with regards to the merger and we certainly talked about that a bit on past calls with you and with other investors, they were up 2.5% this year based on our guidance the predicted to be down 0.5%. So over that 3 year period, that’s a CAGR of about down 1.4%. That said, we want to do better, we think we can do better, there’s areas specifically can do better. And we’re excited about the upside to it, but from the 1 quarter specific to R&M, I get it to the operating side was up, the CapEx side was down to help offset that our total cost to maintain for the quarter was only up 3.7% for the year is actually down a little bit. So we feel good about where expenses are, but we do can see, we think we can do better.
Ernest Freedman: Yeah, because the months not quite done yet, Doug. We’re not prepared to provide final results. We can tell you it is meeting our expectations and built in to our expectations around guidance from both on occupancy perspective as well as rental rates achievement for us.
Ernest Freedman: Yeah, Jason. This is Ernie. So you’re going to see a bounce around those depending on the type of sale, we do. So we’re doing sale to an Investor Day will take the home as is, and they underwrite it to their own economics, any rehab or they may want to do post-acquisitions like we do. For selling mostly a user home that does represent, when some is moved out of the house. And it absolutely, we want to get in the state ready to be able to sell to an end user and it can vary from being a few hundred dollars to a few thousand dollars. But we factor that in with regards to with the right economics and how they want to treat that house, for that perspective and also only make the decision around with leading end user sell or investor sell. Let’s give some thought, Jason, as to I don’t want it as to what number you guys can expect to have, it’s going to be an impact like I said by the type of sale that’s done. But for those that go through the end user. Let’s give some thought, Greg and I can get back and then maybe give folks an idea of, for modeling perspective, what an average type of costs could be, I just want to bring it on the call here with you.
Ernest Freedman: Well, I think it’s a little bit of a blend, in certainly in California we’ve seen some homes appreciate to a point, where we think highest and best use of capital would be to sell those homes and then reinvest in parts of either California other parts of markets where we can drive better overall risk adjusted return. There’s also a couple of submarkets, they quite frankly we think from a service model perspective and ultimately a performance perspective that we haven’t been real bullish on now take that with a grain of salt, because I think we sold year-to-date maybe less than 200 homes, little over 250 homes in all of California. So it’s a really small part of the overall portfolio. But, yes, on the margin just like we do with any market, we’re looking at the bottom performing 5% of the assets. And then making decisions with the operating teams on what’s the best path forward, and then in some situations selling because of value.
Ernest Freedman: Yeah. So in terms of one-off, and how we see that environment today is definitely accretive to our portfolio and most of the markets we’re in today, we’re seeing some good opportunities to buy, some good opportunities to invest. In terms of bulk, some of those larger transaction opportunities are fewer and far between, we certainly as an asset management group take whatever information is available to us some of our bigger operating partners out in the market and try to overlay and look for where there could be potential strategic opportunities. We’re not in a position to talk really about any of that and/or do you see many of those opportunities at any given point. But you saw, we did it earlier in the year in Las Vegas, you will on occasion see some smaller – bulk opportunities that will come across the desk, where you can really get us down underwriting process to, and then hopefully be able to purchase to attractive prices. Las Vegas was a great example, where ahead great execution our rehab CapEx underwritings been spot on and we’ve actually been out performer in terms of going in rate. So we’d love to see more of them, quite frankly, we just don’t get the opportunities too. But occasionally do get something that comes across the desk. But the environment today, it feels pretty tight on the bulk side of things.
Ernest Freedman: Yeah. I want to be careful about and getting too specific about that, because that is supporting on them, but potentially providing guidance for revenue and expenses last year. But I’d say, over the longer-term, and I say it won’t happen next year and someone provides specific guidance. We certainly see a great opportunity for margin expansion. On the revenue side, we have opportunity to do a little bit better as we talked about in our Investor Day very specifically, and Dallas talked about in those prepared remarks around some of the ancillary items that are high margin drop to the bottom line and things like resident goes right to the bottom lines for the occupancy. So we see opportunities there, and then on the expense side, we’re going to fight the battle inflation. But we do think over the next period of time, real estate tax growth will be more muted than it’s been the last few years for a combination of reasons one, home prices are still going up and I’m going as much – up as much as they were the last few years. So that will help. And secondly some of the internal things we’ve had to deal with real estate taxes due to rules and certain states about when corporate activity happens like our merger like our IPO and things like that those will be fully earned, and so those will certainly help us on the expense side going forward. So that given specific guidance for next year, we do see the opportunity to bring margins up from the mid-60s or at today to the higher 60s over the next period of time.
Ernest Freedman: Yeah. On the ancillary items, we talked about the fact that we think there are services that we can provide residents that they will value that will help them likely want them to stay in our homes longer, and we can collect income off of those. So it’s kind of a win-win, it’s something they want and it’s something that will help us, we talked about specifically some things around, making sure, we’re doing things with the right around one test. We talked about our filter program, which will help me along and help on the repairs and maintenance side as well as and add be a convenience for residents. And of course, we’ve talked about for a long time, you think it’s a greater opportunities with our smart home offerings and things that we’re doing there. On the expense side, it’s just really all about just getting better and more efficient what we do in utilizing technology to do that and that was certainly a big part of what we discussed with investors and analysts, I know people a chance to tune in a few weeks go on that as well. So we just see when you factor all that in and then what’s happening macro fundamentally in the industry with regards to supply and demand things that’s I think why people are so excited and favorable about this space and certainly an opportunity to participate in those upsides.
Ernest Freedman: Well, to be clear, we’re total return investors, right? We are looking for value in both asset appreciation as well as where we think the potential yield on a particular asset will go. And what goes into that, Jade, are all the decisions around submarkets, markets, neighborhood, school districts and a number of different factors. And with that re-buy analysis whenever we decide to sell a home, we treat it the same way as if we were going to buy that home today. And what kind of conviction do we have around those expected total risk adjusted returns and why. And so, it’s really a similar process. And as I mentioned earlier, we’re always looking at the bottom parts of our portfolio, regardless of market or location to look at total performance. And as you look at total return, yield is one component of that. And so, all those decisions will come into play as well as some of the markets going forward.
Ernest Freedman: Yeah, Ryan. And this is Ernie. I’ll take that. It’s interesting, this year we’ve actually seen on our acquisitions, we’re doing better than underwriting with regards to our rehabs, in terms of those coming in a little bit cheaper than we underwrote, so helping our current yields. We’re also seeing that those are actually running up. And the time we expected them run up at prices slightly better. So you’re right to point out there’s a dilution item, but it’s really not on the acquisition side. It’s on the disposition side. We’re seeing on the disposition side is that homes are staying – ones that we’re selling to end-users are taking a little longer for us to sell than we would have thought at the beginning of the year. And part of that is just – the reason why the acquisition opportunity is better for us right now is that we’re seeing things slow down a little bit. And so, we are seeing that – when we’re selling to the end-user, we have to vacate the house; then we have to get it ready for sale. And then we have to put under contract and sell. And that process is probably taking us about 30 to 45 days longer than we would have thought. We put our numbers together at the beginning of the year, Ryan. And so that’s what’s causing some dilution there. And it’s actually cost us about a $0.015 in terms of how long that’s taking. Now, we underwrote – we expected some of that to be in our numbers. We probably would have expected about $0.0075 to a $0.01 to be in our numbers, because it’s taking longer and because we’re selling more homes. That’s why I’ve seen a little bit more dilution. But we’re pleased with that, because we’re proving our portfolio and that dilution goes away when those homes go away. So it is a bit of a drag for us. But it’s not on the acquisition side. It’s more on the disposition side.
Ernest Freedman: Yeah, Derek. Hey, it’s Ernie. If I’m not surprising, I’m taking this one. Specifically around the balance sheet, we’re going to look at all opportunities to bring leverage down in a smart way, in a balanced way, because we want to have lower leverage. Again, I want to make sure I reiterate and people heard me say this. We have a safe balance sheet today. We’ve done what we said we’re going to do in terms of delevering over – since our IPO. We made good progress there. We [see bit of] [ph] cash flow growth. We’ve actually accelerated, making the balance sheet even safer still through refinancing activity, going from about 80% hedge position in terms of fixed rate to closer to 100%, so all those things feel good. And there is a point in time where it may make sense to look for other source of the capital, bring leverage down other than cash flow from operations to delever further. And we’ll be opportunistic about that, where it makes sense. But for us, when we think about deploying capital, whether it’s to grow the business externally by acquiring, what this is – we’ll factor in where the cost of capital is, where that makes them the best long-term sense for us. We want to balance what we’re trying to accomplish amongst all our goals. I mentioned earlier around earnings, around external growth, around margin expansion and things like that. And so, it’s kind of a long way of saying, we will keep that option open for us and if it makes sense for us to move forward, we’ll consider using the ATM in the right way so that will create value for our shareholders over the long term.
