John Bartling: Thank you, Greg, and good morning, everyone. As we near the anticipated closing of our merger with Starwood Waypoint Homes, I'm happy to report that we had another strong quarter of great financial and operating results on top of what has been a very active and transformational year for Invitation Homes. 2017 financial performance is progressing in line with our expectations, with third quarter same-store NOI up 8.1% and AFFO up 28.3% year-over-year. Rent growth remained strong with renewal rates up 5% again. At the same time, turnover moved even lower, a testament to the quality of our locations, product, service and people. In addition, we continue to find success of elevating the efficiency of our platform, achieving 18% growth in other income and a 3% reduction in controllable costs during the third quarter. Looking ahead, supply and demand fundamentals remain favorable in our markets. This is evidenced by our strong rent growth, especially in the Western U.S., where we saw same-store blended rent growth of almost 7% in Q3. Home price appreciation remains strong as well with prices in Invitation Homes market up 6.5% year-over-year, 50 basis points better than the national average. Against this macro fundamental backdrop, along with strong financial results we achieved in the first three quarters of 2017, we believe we are on track to deliver same-store NOI growth for the full year of 6.8% to 7.2%. Also of note this quarter was the way we responded to Hurricane Irma. We are particularly appreciative of how quickly our associates moved to assist our Florida and Atlanta residents in the wake of the storm. Thankfully, no injuries to residents or associates were reported. In line with our initial estimates, we have accrued $16 million of casualty loss expense, a small portion of which should be recoverable through insurance. Finally, a few words on our proposed merger. We remain on track to close the transaction before the end of the year with Starwood Waypoint shareholder's vote scheduled for November 14. As mentioned in August, we believe bringing together these two portfolios and innovative platforms will create the preeminent single-family REIT in the United States. With 70% of our revenues generated from high-growth Western and Florida regions and almost $2 billion in renovations, Invitation Homes will be well positioned to benefit from the growing demand for single-family rental housing in the U.S. as well as the inherent synergies in enhanced resident services that come with additional scale. This is a win-win for both residents and shareholders. As we get closer to the closing date, it is worth noting that both Boards and integration teams are working well together. The processes to bring the companies together post-close are running smoothly as we work diligently to efficiently manage 82,000 homes. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Ernie Freedman.
John Bartling: And I would say on the revenue management side, John, this is Bartling, one of the things we went out on the road and said is that it was important to get our lease expiration management in place. And I think what we've done has worked very well to put demand and supply against each other going forward. So I think even next year, as you look at pricing power, we're well positioned for the portfolio as we continue to manage our expirations against demand.
John Bartling: Dennis, this is John. One thing on new rent growth. I do want to point out. In October, where – it's one of our largest lease expiration months. And we were very purposeful to get our lease expirations off of October. So I wouldn't read too much into it. We move something like 600 leases off of this month for next year. So it's – we looked at October as an opportunity to sort of streamline that and make that a better month for next year.
John Bartling: We had more expiring last year than this year. Still this year, we had more. Next year, we won't. I'm sorry.
John Bartling: Thank you, operator. Thank you, again, for joining us today. We appreciate your interest, and the team looks forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT next week. And on a personal note, one more heartfelt thank you from me as I sign off. I'll be forever grateful for the experiences I've had and the relationships I've formed as CEO of Invitation Homes, and I thank you all for the trust you've extended to us along the way. Operator, this concludes our call.
Ernie Freedman: Sure, David. This is Ernie. Property taxes came in about where we expected. And of course, we baked into our expectations transactions that occurred during the year. Hard to really project much around what will happen going forward, so I don't want to get ahead of myself. We'll have a better sense for that here in the coming weeks as a lot of the tax bills from jurisdictions come through here in November and into early December. But things continue to track pretty well there. We do expect long, for at least the near-term, David, that taxes will grow greater than inflation because importantly, home prices are growing at great inflation rates. We're seeing the home prices on our markets going up on average about 6.5%, which is about 100 basis points greater than the national average. That will trickle down to us through assessments, but not the outsize from where we had expected based on that home price appreciation.
Ernie Freedman: Yes. So for the month of October, average occupancy, we mentioned in the call script, our spot occupancy at the end October was 95.8%. So very similar to where we ended September. And occupancy does build up typically throughput the month, and we saw that. And that puts us ahead of where we were last year, David, for October as well.
Ernie Freedman: So two parts to that. I would say, overall, we saw very strength in the West Coast. And as you get into 3Q, especially as you get into September, that's just we're coming out of peak leasing season. So we anticipated that our numbers would be where they were. With that said, I'll let Bruce talk about it. We certainly do have some impact from Irma. And certainly, those markets that it was weaker still than we would have anticipated because of the disruption from the hurricane.
Ernie Freedman: Sure. Jade, we've seen the move-out – the reason for move-out to buy a house had been very consistent for us over the last four or five quarters. It's range between 27% and 30% depending on the quarter. This past quarter, it was 28%. So we're not seeing any meaningful change in patterns there relative to our recent history.
Ernie Freedman: Sure. Buck, it's Ernie. And you are right to point out that third quarter for us in G&A was a higher number than you saw in the first two quarters. In the first two quarters, we ran about $10.5 million to $11 million. It jumped up to a little over $13 million when you factor out the noise from some of the one-time type things. We actually had some timing issues in the third quarter that will reverse a little bit in the fourth quarter. One in particular was separate from the hurricane, we did actually pierce our self-insurance retention layer during the third quarter, which were quite a thing to accelerate, recognizing that in the third quarter, where would – so we had to recognize $1.7 million in the third quarter. That will start to reverse out in the fourth quarter from a timing perspective. So if you take out that $1.7 million, you get back to the kind of that run rate for us of $11-ish million, $11.5 million per quarter. So that's really what happened with G&A. And property management continues to kind of track as we would expect it to throughout the year with some minor timing issues then and there. So you should see a drop-off in the fourth quarter because of that one-time timing issue.
Ernie Freedman: Sure. And the markets are wide open. You saw one of our peer company have a very successful transaction in September and we were able to have a very successful transaction. We'll close sometime this month. And the securitization market spreads continue to be more favorable. And actually, we're seeing secondary trading on our securitization will close soon. Trading had been slightly tighter from where we priced. So the security, there's a dearth of product, which helps borrowers like us from a capital markets perspective. The GSE markets, to be seen. We certainly got a great deal down with Fannie earlier this year. We understand that Freddie folks are giving some consideration to things as well, but can't speak for either of those two groups. That's another avenue that's open for us. Importantly for us, Doug, and we've talked about we have a commitment to wanting to move to an investment grade balance sheet. And so as we've seen that we've had very – a lot of success in the secured market to the securitizations and through the deals with the agencies, we've had a number of banks reach out to us to talk about ideas that would help us – that make that transition over the next period of time to create an even larger unencumbered pool, which today is at 50%; to increase our weighted average maturity, which today is at 5.1 and to open up some new avenues to us as well. So we're fortunate, not just us, the industry and a lot of borrowers are in a very good, healthy position maybe able to access the capital markets, and we'll continue to take advantage of that as we think about it moving forward with our capital markets plans.
Ernie Freedman: Well, you really have to factor in a couple of things, Doug. So you have to look at the type of financing but importantly, the term. And so today, we have shorter-term securitization financing, I've seen, that's hedged. So we've hedged our cost for that at an 80% level. And so we haven't made final conclusions on what term we may be looking to do and how we may roll that out. So the answer is there could a cost associated with that, but we'll – that's something we'll study very carefully as we determine how we move forward, how we start making those – that transition and then do it in a smart way to provide flexibility to the organization, but also to provide certainty around our capital stack.
Ernie Freedman: Sure. I'll take a couple of passes at that. So on the controllable expense line, we break our expenses between fixed and controllable. So on control, we've done a lot of work around repairs and maintenance and turnover in terms of how we procure, having consistent scope across the country. When you have 13 regions, you have a best region and you have a weakest region in terms of how they're doing with their cost. And we learn from the best and try to roll that out across the board and improve those that are struggling a little bit. We've been very focused on the personnel side throughout the year, being smarter on how we deploy resources. Importantly, providing a better customer experience, but we're also finding that we can do that by being more efficient, by centralizing some different activities, and we've had some great success with that. It's been led by our Chief Revenue Officer around our call centers and being more efficient there. But again, much more importantly providing better customer service to those who are calling in. And on leasing and marketing, we're looking at different things as well there in terms of working with the folks who work with us on that side and being smart about how we're deploying. So we continue to have opportunities there as we move forward.
Ernie Freedman: Yes. I want to be careful about getting too far ahead on 2018. So I would say all are available for us to continue to get smarter at. And as an organization, we've been doing this now for a little more than five years. So I think some have more opportunities than others. It'll probably appropriate for me to share details on that the next time we get together on an earnings call.
Ernie Freedman: Yes. Sure. So it does back out the hurricane costs. So the costs associated with the hurricane are not are included in our repairs and maintenance numbers or our turnover numbers. So a couple of things. You pointed out correctly that our total cost to maintain has come down slightly and you've seen turnovers come down slightly as well. And turnover is up a few percentage points year-over-year. Hard to draw a lot of specific trends from that, Dennis, from first quarter. But the team continues to be very smart and very careful about how they're looking where to spend. We are choosing on turnover today to try to put some more long-dated items in the houses if we didn't do that initially. I know there's been some discussion on other calls about putting in the hard surfaces, for instance, for flooring. That's something we've been doing for a long time, but we continue to roll out in the turns. And so we are comfortable with investing. And you've seen our numbers, our CapEx numbers are up significantly more year-over-year and turnover relative to what's happening with the expense piece. Part of that is investing for the future and being a little bit smarter. So we think long term, that will bring down R&M costs as well as future turnover costs. So a little bit of investment, a little bit – it's kind of where it's been before and trying to be smarter about how we're doing each of our turns.
Dallas Tanner: Yes. The market continues to be relatively tight. We're still – because we're local and we have a high-touch influence in our markets, we're able to see everything that kind of comes through a variety of different channels. As you're well aware of, we are working with particular groups, such as Zillow and Opendoor to identify outside opportunities that may be not transacting through normal channels. But I would say that our focus continues to be in the markets that are higher barrier-to-entry, where we're going to see some of the greatest economic rent growth. So markets like Seattle. And a market that we continue to be bullish on, we – as was pointed out in the call, love our West Coast concentration bias and so we'll continue to try to find opportunities. It helps being local and having an ability to maintain relationships with local sellers.
Dallas Tanner: We're still seeing – much like we laid out at our merger call, we're still seeing blended opportunity to be buying on an NOI cap rate basis around a 5.5% cap depending on kind of the market mix. And obviously, you have a little bit of a difference between maybe what you'd see in markets like Northern California or Southern California relative to what you might see in some of the better neighborhoods of Atlanta. But on a blended basis, we still feel, call it, post-CapEx basis, we can still be in the mid 5s.
Dallas Tanner: Well, I think as you think about our portfolio, and we've been pretty consistent with how we've been building it, we want to fit in to those high barrier-to-entry markets. I think it's an important thing to point out with some of the operating statistics that Bruce and his team have put on the board. When you're in those high-demand areas, you have a better opportunity to see revenue growth. And so we'll continue to try to be in those high-demand areas within these MSAs, where we're currently invested. But we do look at other areas for opportunity, but we want to be where the jobs are and where the schools offer a quality of choice and, quite frankly, where people want to live. And those tend to be in those West Coast and Florida markets, where a large percentage of our portfolio is today.
Dallas Tanner: Not necessarily. I mean, we've looked around and we stay open-minded. I think it's really focused on where those opportunities present themselves. And in some of the markets we are in currently, we don't see a ton of those built-to-rent opportunities.
Dallas Tanner: Well, Bruce and his team have done a terrific job on the occupancy side of things. They continue to find ways to increase our efficiencies there from a management standpoint. In terms of – from an asset management perspective, look, we're going to consistently cull and rank our portfolio and look for ways to recycle capital. We laid that out at our IPO earlier this year, and we've held largely in line with that strategy throughout, call it, October of this year. We will look to find ways to make our portfolio better. That could include some culling and some selling. It could also mean that we will add properties into certain markets where we're seeing additional strengths. So I think it would be normal to say that we would look at all options to keep making our portfolio better and enhance overall shareholder return.
Bruce Lavine: Neil, this is Bruce. No, we're not seeing that happen in California. We've not seen a slowdown or we've not seen higher numbers of people who are relocating as a reason to move.
Bruce Lavine: Yes. I think, to add to that, Neil, we did see disruption in Irma from new lease perspective. I'll tell you, though, you probably recall that we were a little late in taking our foot off of the gas on rate growth last year, and it was to our detriment with regard to inventory. And so we were very, very conscious of wanting to respond and correct any opportunities that we had, any imbalances that we had with regard to our occupancy and lease rate. And the third factor, seasonality, continues to be – to play here as well. So those three combined did have an influence.
Bruce Lavine: So Neil, we're not seeing displaced residents. That did not factor – has not factored in for us yet. And as you heard in other reports, the damage was not as substantial to the degree that there were numerous homes that were not habitable any longer. We are seeing pent-up demand in the Florida markets. We made up basically half of our absorption loss in the month of September and October. And leasing numbers are quite strong. So I'm optimistic that there will be opportunities as the leasing continues to see new lease rate growth increase.
Bruce Lavine: I think my earlier comment about the fact that we suffered slightly on the occupancy point because we were a tad too aggressive in that area applies this year as well. In some of the West Coast markets, the slight sequential differences almost feel like euphoria turning to bliss. You're not looking at 96 7s, but you're still very, very strong all of those markets and demand continues to be strong.
Bruce Lavine: This is Bruce. So we're seeing – the stronger home purchase markets right now would be Tampa. Surprisingly, in the last few months, Minnesota has seen a bit of a spike. Jacksonville continues to be one that does have a higher number of purchases, home purchases.
Bruce Lavine: Ernie, if I can add with regard to our maintenance performance, the ProCare Program continues to pay dividends. The fact that we don't just get into homes that request work orders initially. We get into all the homes, is helping us to deter the anomalous turn that could raise our costs. And it's also helping us to serve the residents better by addressing their issues early.
Bruce Lavine: I do not have last October's, but we can get that for you. Bear with me for one second. It was the high twos last year.
