Charles Young: Thank you. I'd like to echo Dallas' sentiment about our people. It's been a busy year and I'm most proud of that through all the change the commitment of our field teams to providing outstanding customer service has never wavered. Resident satisfaction remains high, as evidenced by further improvement in turnover rate to 33.9% on a trailing 12 month basis. To my partners in the field who earn the loyalty of our residents every day, thank you. I'll now walk you through the details of our third quarter 2018 operating performance. Same Store Core revenues in the third quarter grew 4.4% year-over-year, in line with our expectations. The year-over-year increase was driven primarily by average monthly rental rate growth of 3.8%, and a 50 basis point increase in average occupancy to 95.5% for the quarter. The strong top line results drove Same Store NOI growth of 4.9%, as Same Store Core expense increased 3.7%. R&M expenses remain elevated, in line with our expectations prior to optimization of our R&M platform. And strong home price appreciation continues to drive property taxes - tax increases, but these factors were partially offset in the third quarter by year-over-year decreases in various other controllable expenses. As a reminder, we expect both R&M expenses and property taxes to accelerate higher year-over-year in the fourth quarter. Last year service requests related to Hurricane Irma and Harvey were prioritized in the fourth quarter of 2017, which pushed routine, non-storm related service requests that normally would have been resolved in 2017 into the first quarter 2018. This resulted in a benefit to R&M expenses in the fourth quarter of 2017 creating a difficult comparison for this year's fourth quarter. Property taxes also face a difficult comparison in the fourth quarter 2018, as last year's fourth quarter benefited from lower-than-expected real estate tax assessments that drove favorable or accrual true-ups. I also want to update you on our efforts to optimize our recently integrated R&M technology platform. Since the beginning of third quarter, we have implemented many changes to our systems and processes that determine whether work order should be addressed in-house or by third parties. How the corresponding service trips get scheduled and the optimal routes for the technicians, who make those trips. And just last week we rolled out an important update to our technology platform that enables all of our internal technicians regardless of legacy organization to perform work orders on any home in our portfolio, not just the homes associated with their legacy organization. We still have work to do though and will continue implementing process improvements and ProCare enhancements in the months leading up to next peak or quarter season. We also think the unification of our field teams and property management platform in 2019 will be a key catalyst for unlocking efficiencies in our R&M platform. Next, I'll cover third quarter 2018 leasing trends. Fundamentals in our markets remain as strong as ever. Net effective renewal rent growth increased to 4.8% in the third quarter of 2018 from 4.7% in the second quarter 2018. New leases were 3.3% in the third quarter in line with both the prior year and our expectations as we managed rates to ensure we exit at peak leasing season with strong occupancy. This resulted in blended rent growth of 4.2% in the third quarter 2018 and an occupancy gain of 50 basis points year-over-year to 95.5%. Western U.S. markets continue to lead the way for growth with Northern and Southern California, Seattle and Phoenix remaining are strongest. With fundamental tailwinds at our back, we are focused on executing to finish the year strong. Our field teams are also well prepared for the rollout of our integrated operating platform, which will be piloted in our first markets soon. We look forward to leveraging that platform in 2019 to deliver the leasing lifestyle our residents desire in an even more efficient manner. With that, I'll turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Ernie Freedman.
Charles Young: Yes. This is Charles. Look, we have seen very little actually turnover in the field, nothing extraordinary. But as we pay attention to what's happening in the business, there are new entrants in this space, also new ventures that are in the [peripheral] [ph] space. And we have talented people. And they're naturally going to look at those people, however, no material loss and just a handful of one-off in a couple of markets. Last thing I'll add with that is, part of what helps retain our employees is they're enthusiastic about our position in this space as the best-in-class leader, take pride in our mission, and enjoy our dynamic and high energy culture. And we think all this helps us retain our talent. So we haven't seen much employee turnover.
Charles Young: Nothing material. As individual circumstances come up, like I said, there's been a few. We've addressed them, and haven't had to make any across-the-board changes.
Charles Young: Got you. That was a mouthful. But we appreciate the question. So I think you're talking on top line demand. So overall, we've seen a good demand in the third quarter. You could see that with our 50 basis points increase in occupancy. Rates have been solid in what we expected seasonal for the quarter. And Ernie gave you the October numbers, which are real good. We're really proud of especially the new lease growth acceleration to 1.8% versus 1.4% last year at this time. So we're seeing good demand. Website stats are up. And our occupancy is, going into this fourth quarter, right where we want it to be, which is part of our plan in the third quarter.
Charles Young: Now, we haven't seen any of that. Reality is we have great vendors from both portfolios and we've done a good job of managing those vendors and increasing our turn-times down. We obviously and always want to do better, but we haven't seen any impact across the board maybe some one-off in certain markets, but nothing material.
Charles Young: We're about 15, 17 days, which is typically higher than where we want to be, but volume was high in Q3. And so that's difficult. It started to come down now that we're in Q4 and we'll get faster and faster get down in the 10 to 12 days, which we expect.
Charles Young: Yes. As we mentioned in Q2 call, it's really around our in-house tech utilization and trying to get that number up, where we expected to be. As I talked about on the opening remarks, we've implemented a number of recent enhancements that will further improve in fine tune the platform. I'll highlight three things, one is our internal tech scheduling around optimization, program this looks to optimize the in-house tech routing to minimize drive time. We think that's going to add to our efficiency of our in-house techs. The second is the vendor management program, we call this our vendor scorecard. This will prove the vendor accountability by tracking of our performance, cost efficiency and customer service. And overall, we think this will easily compare performance of all vendors and identify the strongest performers and this is a real win for the resident. And then lastly, most importantly, I brought this up on the comments as well is, we're getting to a consolidated instance of the R&M platform. Just starts to unlock, our scale and density, and gives us real benefits. Simplifying the management of the maintenance operations work through a single platform, unifies reporting. So we can see the field teams can easily report under a single umbrella. As we talked about where our goal here is to up the in-house tech utilizations, our efficiency gets better by having that one platform, where we can see the visibility, our management teams can work from take advantage of the home density that we have and you couple that with routing optimization. We get some real benefits there. And lastly that same benefit is applied to our vendors, so a lot - that allows us to be more efficient with our vendors. So that's what we're doing what we just recently enhanced and put in place. What's next, we have more to come as we get to the consolidated instance of the platform of Dallas talked about. And we're going to further expand on our ProCare offerings, which will be a benefit in 2019 as well.
Charles Young: Yeah, I won't - this is Charles. I won't jump into what's going to happen in 2019. But as we look at this, our residents continue to enjoy our well-located homes and quality service. We've had a good year on turnover. A lot of it's just been around the consolidation of our offices and using best practices from both organizations. As we continue to mature and constantly improve, we expect the residents are going to want to stay with us longer. So I don't want to put specific numbers on it. We like the trend. And we're going to keep working hard to keep it as low as possible.
Charles Young: Yeah. We've had good results. We've been rolling it across both portfolios. We have - about a third of our portfolio has a Smart Home technology installed. Again, it gives us benefits in terms of operating efficiencies, in terms of vendors being able to get in the home and start showing options for our residents. And the ability to create ancillary revenue, about 14,000 of our residents are paying about $18 a month for the service. And we - as Dallas said, we look at adding on additional services in the future, whether that's in regards to cameras, security and other items that we think we can grow. At a baseline though, we just want to roll out the Smart Home that has a lock in the thermostat that we have now and we're making good inroads in terms of getting it across the portfolio.
Charles Young: Yeah, we're trending in the low 40% of in-house tech utilization today. That's up from where we were based on the adjustments we made in Q2, when we consolidate into one platform. These recent enhancements that I described, we expect to start to bring that number up into the mid and upper parts of the 40s. But it's early. We're not to track it. We just implemented these enhancements and we want to try to get as close to 50% as we can. But it's a process and it's going to take time. The real test is going to be how do we do next year in peak season. And this is seasonal too. As you get to peak season, there is some up and down. So it's hard to go and quote just a number right now, because it does go up and down based on demand and turnover, and the seasonality that comes with the warm weather.
Charles Young: And we had different staffing levels on the number of in-house techs that we had. So it's really difficult to create the comparison.
Dallas Tanner: A couple things there, Shirley, one, we're very pleased with how things are playing out for the rest of the year, and specifically for October, just to give those results as well, we've had a 60 basis point increase year-over-year. Our October average of daily occupancy was 95.8%. Last year, it was 95.2%. And we've seen good strength from renewal increases, 4.7%, which is about 20 bps off of last year. But we see new lease accelerate to 1.8%, which is 40 bps better than we had last year. So the blend came in very similarly. So we expect to continue to see better year-over-year occupancy results like we saw in the third quarter. That's certainly helping us. And we're seeing rate activity right now, which is consistent or slightly better than what we had last year, especially when you look in September and October.
Dallas Tanner: We didn't see a big degradation in occupancy from them, so we wouldn't expect to - they're an easy comp relative to occupancy.
Dallas Tanner: Sure, it varies by state by state. And we're sorting through those as they come in. And as we talked about in October, a big chunk started come in Florida. So we haven't made a final determination yet as to how many we will appeal. We have some time. In the past, it varied by market. And we have a valuation team that goes specifically and says which ones we think we have the best opportunity just to make a win on. We don't appeal everything in mass. I know some folks consider doing that. But we take a very thoughtful approach to it. And then we look to try to negotiate as well as appeal with the local jurisdictions. So it's early days to be able to say, Shirley, exactly how many we'll do. In the past, we've had certain successes in some states more than others. Generally because we're less - we're more selective, excuse me, on what we choose to appeal. Win percentage is pretty good, but it varies from year to year.
Dallas Tanner: It does not, Nick. We won't get results from those from anywhere from a minimum 9 months, to sometimes it takes two to three years, so unless we had some appeals from a year or two ago that we expected to get. And in general, we don't guide to that, because they are - they can be a bit uncertain. We wouldn't expect any upside from appeals. We're hopeful for the rest of this year.
Dallas Tanner: Yeah, sure. So we've talked about real estate taxes, R&Ms, we talked about importantly before. We feel pretty good about in terms of where that's coming in. I would expect that we'll see leasing and marketing come in, even though it's been doing well favorably year-over-year, will probably come in a little bit higher than we anticipated, as we continue to see the strong marketing opportunity for us to push forward and gain occupancy. For us [indiscernible] looks pretty good. Utilities tend to be a little bit a wildcard. I bake in a little conservatism into utilities. But we may see that come in a little bit on the higher side as well. And then, we talked about repairs and maintenance. Turnover is trending very similarly to that. But maybe it will be slightly more toward the higher end of the range that we had before relative, where R&M is coming more to the midpoint of what we thought before.
Dallas Tanner: Yeah, hi, Haendel. So I'll answer it in a couple of ways. We're still seeing really good fundamentals in the mid-5s in terms of the types of properties we can buy. You'll notice that on the buy side for us in the third quarter, we're very active in Seattle, Phoenix and Orlando, all markets that lend themselves to better performance on a risk-adjusted basis, in terms where we're seeing growth. On the sell side, cap rates can vary. And it just depends on why you're trying to get out of a particular asset. So for us, we mentioned this in the release, we went into a series of bulk transactions, because we're looking for ways to improve our portfolio on the margin. This has been ordinary course for us for a couple of years. We've done this consistently. Our focus specifically with these sales was to get out of some of the lower rent band properties, in and around geographies where we already had considerable amount of scale and where we saw potentially future CapEx or R&M risk. And so for us those sales were in the higher-5s, pushing towards a 6. But they were strategic in a sense in that they were about $350 on a per rent band level lower than what our average rents in the portfolio are today. In terms of the new capital that's coming into the space, we spend a lot of time talking to some of these capital and these operators. They come in and are looking for different ways to grow their own portfolio. So we're cognizant of what opportunities might be out there for us from a disposition standpoint. Can't speak specifically to what their IRRs are that they're seeking. We tend to be on at a little bit higher price point, little bit higher rent band than most of our peers, which creates a really good environment for us, when we want to sell on the margin, on some of our lower rent band or kind of mixed geography parts of our portfolio.
Dallas Tanner: Yeah. Happy to give a little bit more color there. There's a variety of reasons, I mean, typically we are looking for a bit more of a higher rent band down home, in terms of what we're purchasing in all 17 markets that we're in today. In terms of what we sold, there's a variety of reasons in there, and why we sold what we sold, it certainly centers around lower price points generally speaking across these markets. But we sold 425 homes for example in Chicago, and we've mentioned that on a couple of previous calls that we were going to look to that exposure in parts of the Midwest can be smart, in terms of how we're going to try to continue to shape that portfolio. We also sold a couple of hundred homes in South Florida and Tampa as well as some homes in Dallas, which is a market that we're currently buying in. So for us on the margins, just about getting the portfolio right, nine times out of 10, it has to do with kind of where we're seeing the best risk adjusted growth in that market, and then trying to prune our portfolio out of the parts of that market we're seeing less growth generally speaking. That tends to be sometimes most lower rent band type of areas. But, I'll give you a flipside example of that would be if you were to sell homes in Palm Beach County for example, they may be some of our more expensive homes in our portfolio, but we're just not seeing the same type of growth we're seeing in other parts of Dade and Broward County. So it can depend on the margin, it's just important that you just have to make sure that you're getting the right parts of the portfolio sold at the most opportune prices.
Dallas Tanner: So I would say the fairways typically in the middle and even sometimes at those lower price points where you can see some of the best opportunities for growth quite frankly, it's just we also sell homes for a variety of reasons around maintenance of future CapEx risk. We've managed a lot of these homes now for six or seven years, we have a pretty good sense of the home health scorecard so to speak on a home, and we can start to do some predictive thinking around where we probably want to limit some exposure in the future.
Dallas Tanner: We'll make that judgment as we work with the experts to help us with our real estate projections. I'll be a little bit early to provide any thought on a market-by-market basis is what we think is going to have with real estate taxes, but overall, Dennis, with home price appreciation still being pretty strong and driving the value of our portfolio is certainly likely that real estate taxes will be a pressure point relative to inflation with the important exception for us with 20% of California, we do at the cap with Prop 13.
Dallas Tanner: Yeah. I'll start with that. First and foremost, we're focused on getting to that investment grade balance sheet as we said before. Now, with that being said, we would certainly look at any opportunity if it were opportunistic. However, we are mission focused in terms of just executing on our business and being a kind of a net capital recycle maybe to a net seller side on a small basis. Outside of that as you look at kind of where we're finding that growth both extremely or organically. We see a lot of opportunities in front of us, we talked about that at the beginning of the call, and that we still see a lot of ways that we can enhance the overall customer experience, while you lease from Invitation Homes. And we see that in a myriad ways to both Charles and I are working on to enhance the overall customer experience, and that will include outside services beyond just the smart home technology, which is one of the few things we offer today. So in our opinion we see a lot of blue sky in that arena and that bucket that we're going to try to continue to work on as a business and a brand will be to enhance that overall experience, so that our customer stays with us longer. And more importantly that we can make that leasing lifestyle that much more attractive.
Dallas Tanner: Well, it's - we certainly our own expectations for where we believe rent growth will be at any given time. And as I Ernie mentioned before, we're not in a position where we're going to give any guidance for 2019. With that being said, we feel very comfortable as Charles laid out, where we said occupancy wise today 95.8%, that's a really good number at the end of October. But we see a lot of that growth coming obviously through the top line piece of the business. But then, in addition, we think there's a lot of ancillary revenue opportunities that are in front of us for our business today.
Dallas Tanner: I think, Jade, we've gone through those in excruciating detail that Ernie and Charles talked about here some more terms what we're doing to address those, but let me turn it over to Charles.
Dallas Tanner: Good question, Jade. And we're always having conversations with homebuilders around specific opportunities. And we've mentioned a number of times, that we're really channel agnostic. We'll look for opportunities where they're meaningful. But we care about being location specific at the end of the day. We really want to be focused on being in-fill, higher barrier-to-entry parts of the sub-markets, where we know there's some of that enhanced demand like we're seeing in our numbers today. And so, for us, it's really about being more in the right locations. We've certainly seen some of those opportunities. And we're open-minded to potential partnerships that, say, present themselves in parts of markets, where we have an intention to invest.
Dallas Tanner: Hi, thanks for the question. We're not going to get too much into it, given that today is the voting day in California - or tomorrow, excuse me. Let's see how that plays out. We've commented on it a number of times. And we're obviously supportive of being [known on prop 10] [ph] for a variety of different reasons. But we hate to comment on it today, being so close.
Dallas Tanner: I'm not sure I'm following the end of your question. But I'll just comment quickly on your question around month of supply. Current month of supply on a national basis is right around 4 in a quarter in terms of months, in terms of months that are on market. We have not seen - and we know that there's been a little bit of slowdown in some of the homebuilding numbers, and certainly, in transaction counts on a resale basis. But as we look back on a look-back basis across our portfolio in terms of home-price appreciation as well as how that's tied into our blended rent growth, we're still seeing really strong numbers. In Seattle for example, we're seeing over 12% in terms of home price appreciation. Las Vegas has also been around 12% to 13%. So we haven't seen that slowdown in terms of what that's doing for demand. I'll let Ernie comment a bit more on rate. But generally speaking, we recognize that we're in a seasonally slower period in terms of new home purchasing. It typically slows down after Labor Day for a couple of months. We look at that as a good opportunity for us on the margin to be a buyer. But it hasn't affected demand. In fact, otherwise were some of the best occupancy we've been at to date.
Dallas Tanner: I guess, I'm not following the question. The occupancy is certainly up year-over-year. And we've again narrowed the spreads from - it's not a new story, over the last many quarters, where the year before was a little bit higher. So I think the difference is we're actually seeing that spread narrow, at the same time being able to do from an occupancy perspective. So I'm not following what your question is.
Dallas Tanner: Yeah, we don't staff necessarily all the things that we need to do in peak season, because it would be inefficient during non-peak season. So Charles is exactly in that right. We're just trying clear one quarter to the next. It may provide a false indication of what the trend is. You really got to look it over longer periods as Charles talked about.
Dallas Tanner: We're two different companies last year, we weren't even merged last year at this time. So that comparison we're not able to do.
Dallas Tanner: We appreciate everybody's support. And we look forward to talking to everyone over the next couple of days. Thank you.
Ernest Freedman: Dennis, it's the former of the two that you said is the pressure of that we were under accrued specifically in Florida. We'd assume that real estate taxes would be up about 6% in Florida, and that's what we've been accruing to all year, we thought that was a reasonable assumption and it wasn't that far off from where it was last year. When assessments and [managed rates] [ph] finally came out in October, and actually it was a taxable just been dropping over the last week we choose to the finalized [managed rates] [ph] it looks like that Florida's one coming closer to 7.5% maybe even up to 8%. And that's where the main put most of the pressure is almost 40% of our real estate taxes going to the state of Florida. As you know, we own about a third of our homes there, and it is a higher tax regimes. It's definitely, and we thought we were accruing at the appropriate rate and sometimes you get right and sometimes you get wrong, in this case we got a little bit wrong unfortunately.
Ernest Freedman: Hey, John, So remember that we've drawn a lot of our people from the sector from the general housing industry. So I think a lot of that will be answered by what's happening in the broader housing industry around home building and what's going to happen there.
Ernest Freedman: No. I mean, not at all. I mean, as you take a step back, we've been pretty clear about our intentions to get our balance sheet investment grade. So when we laid out guidance at the beginning of the year. We said, we would sell somewhere between $300 million to $500 million of homes in 2018. And we anticipate that we were pretty close to that number that $500 million number. Our acquisition pace has been kind of well aligned the same way. I think, it's just been fortuitous, quite frankly. And again, we've done both sales for a number of years. But it definitely feels like there's a good market today for us, if we want to be a seller in the transaction that we just recently did we were at what we perceive market value to be on these homes with very minimal frictional costs, because if you're in that process internally. And so, for us we look at it as a win, John. It's just a good time in the market to be a seller on some of these homes that don't fit your portfolio perfectly.
Ernest Freedman: I wouldn't say, so. I mean, we're mission focused in terms of working towards investment grade and we clearly pay attention to where the share price is on a given week or month. But we're focused at the task at hand, which is finishing the merger integration rolling out our field integration process through the fourth quarter in early parts of the first quarter of next year, getting on one system so that we can optimize. We feel really good about where we are, as Charles mentioned on the occupancy point. And we feel like, right now, we're in a good spot, we just need to continue to execute.
Ernest Freedman: Yeah. You're absolutely, right, Steve. We laid out the last call, we've had challenges on R&M side both on the OpEx and on the CapEx side, and where R&M is come in at our higher expectations we expected for the rest of the year. And we continue to see some challenges there on the CapEx side. And we are going to come in on a number higher than we've talked about in the past for our total cost to maintain, which includes both OpEx and CapEx. You can see we laid that out one of our supplemental scheduled - our supplemental schedule 6, where we show all the different components of R&M and turn both OpEx and CapEx wise. And we're certainly trending to a number that will be over $3,000 for the year. We feel long-term that that $2,600 - $2,800 number is the right number. And with the challenges that we've had this year, and the steps of Charles talked about very specifically of what we're doing to go after that. We're confident, we certainly see that get better as we go into the future, but for this year it is going to be elevated number unfortunately. But we feel like, we've got the plan in place to get that better as we go forward.
Ernest Freedman: Yeah. We will be carefully into specific as we continue to work through the plants, Steve. I would expect in the first part of the year, it will be more challenging, the second part of the year or next year, because it will be as we're working through these want to make sure they're working. But do be able to say what will offset versus what should be higher, it will get into those kind of details on our next call, we're prepared to talk about guidance, but be a little premature right now.
Ernest Freedman: Yeah, well, Dallas talked about the fact that you know in closing these bulk sales that we have in most of those close in October as we disclose in the release. There will be opportunity for a pre-payment, and the pre-payment associated with that. So that will be occurring. And then folks may know where we're in the market, we priced a securitization last week scheduled to close this week will provide the details on that once that closes. That's a refinancing activity to take out some debt that's maturing the near-term and extending to much longer-term. And again, we'll provide the details on that once the closing happens later this week. Generally then we'll just continue to look for using excess cash flow and if we end up being another seller using those proceeds deep and further delever the balance sheet similar to what we've done here for the last two years.
Ernest Freedman: Well, it's a seasonal, Jade. So we certainly saw that goes up in the third quarter, and typically starts to go up in the second quarter. So you see the number certainly is typically at its highest as you get into the third quarter, you're catching up from activities started in June and then of course July and August a big turnover month. So it's really more seasonality thing than anything else so that drove the higher numbers of that you've seen throughout the year.
Ernest Freedman: Both Jade, it's really more of the broadly around the challenges we talked about the past around on R&M, the fact that it was until later into the summer in late June into July. We saw those challenges and start addressing those. So on a Same Store basis, whether you're looking at where the asset came from portfolio or not, it's just generally across the board, because of the challenges we talked about before.
Ernest Freedman: Jade, we're not going to give any more details than we have at this point. So happy to talk to you offline if you want to talk about it some more, but I think we've addressed our previous call and certainly to this call and to previous questions items with regard to the R&M side.
Ernest Freedman: Yeah, Dallas is absolutely right. We certainly have seen year-over-year that last year our blended rent achievement, was higher than this year. But that gap has narrowed all throughout the year. So actually, September is the narrowest it's been, where it's only 20 basis points different. And we talked about in October how it's actually flattened out. I don't want to project what that means for November, December or to early part of the year. Basically, what that tells us is it's very similar fundamental backdrop for us to be able to operate in. And as we operate more and more effectively, residents are staying with us longer, turnover is down. We've been able to hit the market and achieve rental rates that we think are pretty good. So we feel good where things are at. We think the background from a fundamental perspective should allow us to continue to do well.
