Charles Young: Thanks, Dallas. Our fourth quarter operating results were a solid finish to close out the year. In particular, our teams worked hard to deliver strong same store NOI growth, occupancy and resident service. In 2023, we saw a return to more normal patterns of rent growth, seasonality and lease compliance. And as Dallas mentioned, it was a year of working towards several new milestones, including our large portfolio acquisition in July and getting prepared to provide professional third party management services. Our local market teams continue to take all of this in stride. It's what we do, they often tell me, and I'm very grateful for their attitudes and achievements. Thanks to these strong efforts, I am pleased to see how efficiently and effectively we have onboarded these new homes, engaged with our new residents and rolled out desirable new services. I'll now walk you through our operating results in more detail. Same store NOI growth of 5.6% in the fourth quarter brought our full-year 2023 same store NOI growth to 4.8%. Same store core revenues in the fourth quarter grew 5.9% year-over-year. This increase was driven by average monthly rental rate growth of 5.3%, an 11.2% increase in other income, and a 50 basis point year-over-year improvement in bad debt. That marks three consecutive quarters of improvement in bad debt. I'm pleased to see lease compliance continuing to move in the right direction, while at the same time, also seeing our new residents' household income reach its highest level to date, just shy of $150,000 a year on average during 2023. This represents an income-to-rent ratio of 5.4 times that is indicative of the high quality, location and desirability of our homes. Returning to same store growth results, full-year 2023 same store revenue growth was 6.5%, while full-year same store core expense growth was 10.3%. The main drivers of this expense growth included the temporary cost of working through our lease compliance backlog, which drove higher property administrative and turnover cost, as well as higher property tax and insurance expense. By contrast, repairs and maintenance expense came in flat for the full-year 2023, a testament to moderating inflation pressures and our team's ability to effectively control costs. Next, I'll cover leasing trends in the fourth quarter 2023. As we typically do in the slower winter leasing season, we prioritized higher occupancy in the fourth quarter to better position our portfolio as we head into our upcoming peak leasing season. As a result, same store average occupancy grew each month, averaging 97.1% in the fourth quarter. In addition, new lease rate growth was flat during the quarter, representing an expected return to more normal seasonal trends, while renewal lease growth of 6.8% was the highest we've seen in the fourth quarter other than during the pandemic. As renewals comprise a substantial majority of our leasing business, this strong result drove a fourth quarter blended rent growth of 4.6%. I'll now also share our January 2024 same store leasing results. We started the year off with an increase in average occupancy to 97.5%. In addition, January blended rent growth was 3.5%, comprised of renewal rent growth of 5.9% and a negative new lease growth of 1.5%. Early indications lead us to believe that new lease rates have already begun to turn positive again in February's activity to date. In combination with the favorable tailwinds that Dallas mentioned and the strong delivery by our teams, we believe we are well positioned to capture strong demand for our homes as we enter the traditional peak leasing season later this month and to continue to provide the best resident experience in the industry. I'll now turn the call over to Jon Olsen, our Chief Financial Officer.
Charles Young: Yes. Thanks for the question. I'll start off -- this is Charles -- and just talk a little bit around where we currently are in terms of rate and occupancy. As we signaled on the last call, we purposely pushed for occupancy in the fourth quarter to set us up for a peak leasing season. We looked at the landscape back in September and October and decided to get aggressive on occupancy. What we were seeing was return to normal seasonality, as I mentioned. We're also coming off a little bit of a spike in turnover in Q3 from the lease compliance cleanup, which is a good thing, and it's part of why we have confidence in where we're going on bad debt. We also saw some local supply pressures. And when we step back, we know that history tells us is best to be full going into peak leasing season, and that's exactly where we are. So today, we're sitting at 97.5% occupancy in January and a position of strength, and we're going to start to lean in on the rate side now. And what we're seeing already from January into February is an acceleration into February and into spring leasing season. As we lean in on that rate, you can also see that renewals have stayed steady. And as a reminder, that's the majority of our lease, as we pull through usually around 75%. Our blend in January is at 3.5%, which is really healthy. If you look back on historical rates pre-pandemic of 2018, 2019 or 2020, we're right in line where we want to be. And with acceleration into February, we feel really good. So what I'll leave at you is, we'll give an update in February on -- in March when -- at the Citi conference, but we like our positioning, and it has put us in a good place with our occupancy, and we'll go from there.
Charles Young: Yes. So you're probably calling out Phoenix, a little bit of Vegas. Two things I'd highlight. One, we -- some of that confidence comes from our current level of occupancy. We're in that position of strength, so we can kind of hold and know we're not trying to solve for the occupancy and we can lean in. We're also seeing that we've gotten occupied in those specific areas. So the demand is still there. That's what's great. We're still seeing strong demand. We wouldn't have been able to move occupancy from a low of 96.8% up to 97.5% if that demand wasn't there. So, as you go into spring -- and we're also -- when you bring up to build-to-rent relative to our infill portfolio, that puts us in a really strong position to think about the same store able to hold, given that we're in that position of strength. And we're already seeing some acceleration from January into February.
Charles Young: Yes. No, great question. This is Charles. As we mentioned, seasonality has returned. During the pandemic, it was really high occupancy, high demand. It was abnormal. And if you go back and think about our pre-pandemic years, 2018, 2019, 2020, when we were full like we are now, we're really seeing that similar type of demand. That's seasonal. That slows down typically in and into Q1 and picks up right after the Super Bowl, which just happened. So we're in a place now where we're looking across the portfolio. We're seeing that we're occupied. We did what we wanted to there. And we see the demand. It's not the same exact levels that we saw during the pandemic, but those are artificially high. When you go back and you compare it to our 2018, 2019, early 2020, we're right in line with what we've seen historical, and we're in really good shape in terms of our occupancy and our blended rent growth going into now accelerating spring leasing season.
Charles Young: Yes, a couple of thoughts there. One, as we said, we pivoted to occupancy. That's on new lease and on renewals. And so, while we went out in 8s and low-9s in Q4, we told the teams, negotiate. We wanted to try to make sure that we're keeping occupancy high. So we've done that. As you look forward now, we went out in February in the low-8s and April and May in the high-7s. Again, if you look back historically, these are really great rates. And we'll see where that all kind of settles out. But when you think about we're looking at the combination of accelerating new lease and holding steady on renewals, we look at that blend and say, we're in really healthy shape relative to any historical period outside of the pandemic. Going back to your original question around concessions, we are running no concessions on any of the same store portfolio right now. We really -- we talked about this on the last call. We pushed hard prior to the holidays. So we ran some concessions in November prior to Thanksgiving, and then we took them off. And that was all around just trying to accelerate demand while it was still there, knowing that things slow down come December, January. And today, if there's any concessions out there, it might be one-off on some of our smaller build-to-rent areas where we talked about where there may be some more competition in Phoenix or Vegas, but outside of that, minimal concessions and not in the same store portfolio at all.
Charles Young: So, this is Charles. As we talked about, we set ourselves up here at the start of the year with occupancy at 97.5% that we can start to capture that new lease demand that shows up here in February. And so, when you go back, yes, this is in January, a little lower than we've been, but we explained why we did that. That was a conscious effort. But we're set now to start to capture the demand that we expect will historically always shows up in the summer. We'll see where that goes to. But right now, we're already seeing the acceleration. And I think we're in good shape, given our occupancy now, to capture that. That being said, we've also been really holding steady on the renewal side at pretty healthy rates. Again, came down slightly as we were following for occupancy, but we're still seeing steady renewal rates when you go back to anything that's pre-pandemic. And with that loss to lease, that's what gives us the confidence with our current occupancy to try to capture what's in the market. We'll see where it ends up, but we're seeing acceleration from January to February, and we expect that will continue into spring and summer demand.
Charles Young: Yes. This is Charles. You're referring to the atmospheric river event that hit California. Look, we're still in the process of fully assessing, but early indications is that the vast majority of our portfolio really was not impacted. We have some work orders. There are not that many of them. We're getting through them. As you can imagine, it's around landscaping with trees and some roof stuff, but nothing really major, and our teams are great at responding to stuff like this. So we're assessing, but we don't see it as being a major issue.
Charles Young: Yes. I'll take the second question first. The pushing of occupancy is what we've typically done, especially as we've had more experience in the portfolio on what's the best way to operate in a seasonal business, where in the winter and early spring, the demand is lower as you go into the winter and then it picks up going into the spring and summer. Getting full in that period is important because it gives us that position of strength to capture the demand of new lease rent growth. And what's great about renewals, which is the majority of what we do is pretty steady throughout the year. So this is in line with what we've done historically during the pandemic. We did not see that seasonal pattern. And what we're recognizing now is we're back to that seasonal pattern. Going to your first question, look, build-to-rent portfolios, when you take down 100, 200 homes at once, it's like a lease-up, and there's going to be a -- kind of an aggressive stance to get momentum to get that project going. It's a moment in time for that project or those that are within kind of driving distance that you may be competing. My point is the majority of our portfolio that we've acquired over the 10 years is really more infill, closer into job centers. And the majority of the build-to-rent are typically further out. Now we're really smart around what projects we take and how they balance to us. But you have to recognize that when there are a number of build-to-rent projects that are hitting a community or MSA at one time, and we may have other homes there, it has an effect, especially when we're pushing on occupancy. And we wanted to make sure that we got to a place where we could get -- to the second part of this question -- we can get occupied and make sure that we're capturing the best rent growth out there. So it's something that we're going to pay attention to. Scott knows, and team, they are understanding what these build-to-run projects are. But long term, they're fantastic because it's a great experience for the resident, the amenities that come with it. For us, it's going to be less capital on repair and maintenance over the short period of time. So this is a balance that you get with the opportunities to take on build-to-rent projects like this.
Jonathan Olsen: Thanks Charles. Today, I'll cover the following topics: first, an update on our investment-grade rated balance sheet and the capital markets; second, financial results for the fourth quarter and full-year 2023; and finally, 2024 full-year guidance. Leading off with the balance sheet, I'll start with several of our team's key accomplishments in 2023. These include $800 million of senior notes that we issued at approximately 5.5% in August, as well as outlook or ratings upgrades from all three of our corporate credit rating agencies during the year. We ended 2023 with $1.7 billion in available liquidity, which includes $700 million of unrestricted cash and $1 billion of capacity on our undrawn revolving credit facility. Our net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio improved to 5.5 times as of December 31, 2023, down from 5.7 times as of the year prior. And 99.4% of our total debt was fixed rate or swapped to fixed rate as of year-end 2023, with over 75% of our total debt unsecured and no debt reaching final maturity prior to 2026. I'm really pleased by the meaningful execution our teams delivered last year and believe our balance sheet continues to offer us strong positioning to achieve our goals in 2024 and beyond. I'll now cover our recent financial results and year-over-year growth. Core FFO for the fourth quarter 2023 was $0.45 per share, an increase of 4.6%, while core FFO for the full-year 2023 was $1.77 per share, an increase of 6%. AFFO for the fourth quarter 2023 was $0.38 per share, an increase of 5.8%, and AFFO for the full-year 2023 was $1.50 per share, an increase of 6.3%. These strong results were primarily driven by higher same store NOI during the quarter and full year. The last thing I'll cover is 2024 guidance. This is led by our expectation for same store NOI growth in a range of 3.5% to 5.5%, resulting from expected same store core revenue growth in the range of 4.5% to 5.5% and same store core expense growth in the range of 5.5% to 7%. Our same store core revenue growth guidance assumes 2024 average occupancy will be similar to our full year 2023 result. In addition, guidance assumes same store blended rent growth in the high-4% to low-5% range and continued improvement in our bad debt as a percentage of rental revenue to an expected range of 65 basis points to 95 basis points. Our same store core expense growth guidance assumes higher fixed expense growth to continue in 2024, with property tax expense growth in a range of 8% to 10% and insurance expense growth in the mid-to-high teens. We expect this to be partially offset by moderating growth in our controllable expenses. From a timing perspective, we anticipate same store NOI growth will be higher in the second half of the year than in the first half. All of this brings our full-year 2024 core FFO guidance to a range of $1.82 to $1.90 per share. This guidance assumes as a base case that we will acquire between $600 million and $1 billion of homes on balance sheet in 2024, mostly from our homebuilder partners and via portfolio acquisitions. We expect to fund much of these home purchases by continuing to accretively recycle capital from wholly-owned dispositions in an expected range of between $400 million and $600 million. A detailed bridge of 2023 core FFO per share to the midpoint of our 2024 guidance is included within last night's earnings release. Lastly, we provided full-year 2024 AFFO guidance in a range of a $1.54 to $1.62 per share. As a result of our anticipated growth in AFFO per share in 2024, last month, we increased our quarterly dividend by nearly 8% to $0.28 per share. In closing, we plan to keep a close eye on the capital markets throughout the year and continue our long track record of being disciplined and proactive. We'll prudently pursue opportunities for meaningful growth and accretive capital recycling, and we'll continue to lead the industry in our quest to provide the best choices, convenience and overall resident experience for the millions of Americans who prefer to lease a single-family home. With that, we have now concluded our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Jonathan Olsen: Yes, thanks. It's a good question. We made great strides in reducing bad debt in 2023. If you look back to the fourth quarter of 2022, same store bad debt was 170 basis points. So we improved 50 basis points year-over-year to the 120 basis points we saw in Q4 of last year. That improvement came against a backdrop in which rental assistance decreased by $57 million year-over-year. And between the first quarter of 2023 and the fourth quarter of 2023, we had four markets that improved bad debt by between 100 basis points and 265 basis points. We continue to see a healthy percentage of lease compliance move-outs, which allows us to keep increasing the proportion of residents who are making timely payments. In the fourth quarter of 2023, Atlanta and Southern California were two of our markets with the highest levels of bad debt, but they are also two of the highest markets in terms of lease compliance move-outs. So, that's really part of the continued progress we're making with respect to bad debt. I think it's also important to point out that comparing our 2024 bad debt guidance with our 2023 actual result has a few challenges. Bad debt in the first quarter of 2023 was 180 basis points, which was one of our worst results since the start of the pandemic. That Q1 result caused an outsized impact on our overall 2023 full year bad debt results. Our quarter-over-quarter improvements in bad debt really began in the second quarter of 2023, and that improvement has continued every quarter since then. I think it's also important to note that the reasons for that outsized bad debt result in the first quarter of 2023 don't really exist any longer. We had restrictions -- at the first part of last year, there were restrictions in place in Southern California that prevented us from beginning to work through our delinquency backlog. It's not like it was a January 1 kickoff. And so, over time, I think the moratorium is burning off and improvement in the significant court backlogs we saw in the first half of last year have really eased for us. Bad debt in the second half of 2023 was significantly better than in the first half, despite the fact that rent assistance was less than half it was -- half of what it was in the first half. I would also point out that we are not assuming any rental assistance in our 2024 guidance. So I think if you put it all together, having the ability to enforce the terms of our leases from the start of the year in 2024 will allow us to continue to make steady improvements over the course of this year. But obviously, it's going to continue to be a major area of focus for us, and we're prepared to go out and execute.
Jonathan Olsen: Yes. Thanks, Steve. It's Jon. Good question. I think you're right. If you look at it, our expectation is that we will see some moderation in controllable expense growth. Last year was a very heavy year in terms of turnover, in terms of all the things that we're doing in the background to work through our lease compliance backlog. And so, from a comparability standpoint, year-over-year, we don't anticipate seeing sizable increases in those line items. I would also note that the operations team has done a fantastic job over time of continuing to make the R&M portion of our business more and more efficient. And I think as we look at the controllable side of the house, we feel really good about where we are. I think a big part of what makes our platform so powerful is the ability to continue to drive more efficiency. And I would also note that our entree into third-party management will, over time and distance, have benefits for the operating efficiency of our owned portfolio. But I would also point out that, that is not factored into our guidance for 2024.
Jonathan Olsen: Thanks, Adam. It's Jon. That's a great question. I think firstly, the $0.02 that we outlined in the bridge, just to be clear, that is the net contribution based on the property management and asset management fees that we will earn net of the incremental cost that we expect to incur to manage those additional 14,000 homes. As far as what the opportunity could be over time and distance, yes, as we talked about, we believe that this will allow us to enhance the efficiency with which we manage our owned portfolio. I would say that those efficiency gains are not factored into our guidance. I think the reality is that we are going to, over time and distance, figure out how do we adjust our gearing model, how do we take advantage of the opportunities to scale, which are going to vary by market, and how do we think about ways to drive incremental opportunity both for us and for those third-party portfolio owners. As far as what it could be down the line, I think time will tell. I would say since we announced this transaction, there have been a number of inbounds from sizable owners of portfolios interested in exploring ways to achieve better operational and financial performance. And that's what we're here for. We're here to drive value for our stakeholders and for our customers by doing what we do, which is leverage the best platform in the business.
Jonathan Olsen: Yes, great question. I would say that as we talked about on past calls, we have made some adjustments in terms of how we think about property tax. And I think ultimately, as we've talked about, we are not assuming any improvement in millage rates. I think we are taking a somewhat more conservative approach as I think our experience over the last couple of years warrant. And as we sort of work our way through the year, we'll be able to report back on what we're seeing in a variety of markets. I do think it's important to remember that two of our three biggest markets, we don't actually learn the final answer until fairly late in the year. So I think we want to be mindful of what our experience has been in the last couple of years. And I think that's reflected in our current guide, and that's going to be reflected in how we may or may not adjust that over time.
Jonathan Olsen: Hi, Linda. It's Jon. We actually haven't talked about that, and I think we're going to stick with what we did include in the guide, which is a blend for the year, high-4s, low-5s.
Jonathan Olsen: Yes, Steve, it's -- I think the main drivers, when you think about how the delinquency backlog flows through the P&L, there's obviously a bit of an impact at the occupancy line. We talked about that last year. I think the other primary areas are things like property admin expense, which is really the property-level legal cost to sort of manage through the process of enforcing the terms of our lease. You've seen substantial growth in 2023 over 2022 in that area. And the other area is sort of turn OpEx. As we've talked about, when we get some of these turns back from homes that had delinquency move-outs, those turns can be 50% more expensive and they can take some number of days longer to work our way through. I think when you look at 2024 versus 2023, I think the important thing is that it's not that those costs are going down, but that we don't anticipate substantial year-over-year increases. Really, the costs are stabilizing. We're going to work to try to improve upon what our experience was last year, but we still got some wood to chop.
Jonathan Olsen: Yes, great question. I would start off by pointing out that, that term loan final maturity is in January of 2026. So it's not a next year event. We don't have any debt reaching final maturity prior to 2026. With respect to the term loan, we are going to be having dialogue. We're already in dialogue with our bank group. And our goal is going to be to recast that facility sometime between now and summer 2025. We'll continue to monitor the rates market as we contemplate the timing of that recast. And at the appropriate time, we'll also look at our swap book to adjust it based on what our pro forma debt maturity schedule might look like. But I will say that in the grand scheme, we feel very comfortable with both our relationship with our bank group. We feel very comfortable with our access to capital. We may not love our current price -- cost of capital on new debt today. But we're going to do what we've always done, which is to be patient, be opportunistic, watch the market, stay in constant dialogue, and when the appropriate time comes, we'll work our way through that term loan, and we'll move on from there.
Jonathan Olsen: Sure. So, in guidance, you have $800 million of bonds outstanding for seven months of 2024 that weren't in place in 2023. So we did that deal in August of last year. That would, on its own, represent about $0.04. And then you're absolutely right, the $640 million 2018-4 securitization is freely pre-payable at any time. We have held off on paying off that debt even following that bond deal because we like having excess cash on hand. It gives us flexibility to use that cash either to retire debt or for growth opportunities. In the current market, I think it's important to point out that we're earning on average about 5.3% on those excess cash balances. And you can compare that to the rate at which we've swapped that 2018-4 securitization, which is around 4.20%. So in our guidance is the assumption based on the forward curve and sort of extrapolating what we think our money market yields could be for timing of when we would pivot to potentially paying off that debt. Now, I think the reality is, we're going to do exactly what I just said in response to the prior question, which is we're going to watch the market and we're going to take what the market gives. So I don't want to give a sense that a specific path forward is prescriptive, but that's how we got to the $0.03 in the bridge.
Jonathan Olsen: No, I don't think you're misunderstanding, John. I think what it reflects is the fact that we're here in early February. It's early in the year. There's a reason that we present guidance in a range because there are a variety of potential outcomes, both positive and negative, right? And so, I think we are cognizant of the fact that we are entering into what feels like a more normal kind of market rent growth environment between new and renewal rent. We are looking at the pre-pandemic experience as sort of our model for how we think the curve is going to develop over time. But I think, as Dallas said earlier, there is certainly the potential for a little bit of upside there, but we're going to wait and see how the year develops.
Jonathan Olsen: Thanks, Juan. It's Jon. I think from a turnover perspective, similar to our occupancy guide, when we articulated that we expect it to be generally similar to what we saw in 2023, I think the same holds true for turnover in 2024. The reality is, we've still got sort of the tail of the lease compliance backlog to work through. But I think in the grand scheme, we feel very comfortable with the fact that turnover is trending much lower than it was pre-pandemic, and we think that's emblematic of a really strong demand backdrop, a favorable sort of affordability picture relative to homeownership. That should benefit propensity to rent, duration of stay and likelihood of renewal. With respect to CapEx, I think that, that is going to continue to grow at sort of an inflationary rate. I think we have done a particularly good job in making smart asset management decisions about where and when it does make sense to reinvest capital into our portfolio and in places where it does not pencil. What we found is, we can sell those homes into an incredibly liquid end-user market at cap rates inside 4% and then recycle that capital into newer assets that are going to have less of a CapEx demand over time.
Dallas Tanner: Hi, John, Dallas. Really good question. I think by and large, and I believe Charles would echo the same here, we're not seeing any degradation necessarily in demand. When you have vacant product on the market, especially at year-end, Charles, I think, summed it up really well, where you do have to compete a little bit more like we did traditionally in 2017, 2018 and 2019. It feels to us, based on what we're seeing with the customer, our average rent to income ratios right now are 5.4 times, so we're qualifying a much more qualified customer at about an average household income of $150,000. We don't necessarily disagree, John, that there could be some upside to those numbers throughout the year. We're certainly not baking that into our guidance. I think we've had the luxury in the last few years of thinking about massive tailwinds, putting pressure on rate. We are going to view 2024, at least sitting here in early February, to be more in line with traditional years pre-pandemic. We're going to see seasonality in the curve. I think the positives, though, to necessarily call out your question, are we have a more full portfolio as we go into 2024. We have a customer that's more qualified, and we're far more sophisticated in the way that we capture that demand. So I like our chances as we head into the year. All things being equal, we do also want to be sensitive to the fact that we are in sort of a slowing growth environment macro-wise for the country, and just be sort of modestly aggressive in our approach. And so, I like where we're sitting with the year. I think Charles summed it up well from an occupancy perspective. Our goal is to go out and execute, manage cost controls and make sure that we deliver. And I think you're right to sort of point out that there could be more demand in the market throughout the year. It's just too early to tell. We'll have a better sense as we get through peak and into the summer.
Dallas Tanner: Thanks, Haendel. So first, I think what I'd sort of take a step back and if you look at multi-family, professional management has been in place for decades. There are wonderful companies, both in the public and private sector, that do a really good job managing scale and creating services and predictability of experience that I think the single-family rental space has yet to achieve, except for a couple of us larger operators. I think our goal has been over time to be methodical in our approach to would we do this and what would be the reason for doing so. One, you called out appropriately, which is I think there is an adverse ability to drive efficiencies for other professional owners of single-family rental, but to do it in a very deliberate and purposeful way on our behalf. So I think we've been pretty clear from the outset, as we've talked about this over the last couple of quarters and conferences, that we believe the size and scale of our platform is meaningful. We believe as the sector starts to develop professional services and ancillary opportunities for our customers that you can provide that at a much better cost and help drive down the cost of living for people, but you need scale. And so, for us, I think we want to work with professional capital, professional size, and create those efficiencies that we already enjoy in our portfolio for our customers. But by and large, over time, that will also have a compounding effect for us that we can go out and price and procure opportunities that will be beneficial to our residents as well. In terms of kind of what that scale could be over time and those factors, look, we wouldn't do it if it wasn't an effective way to create shareholder earnings for our company and for our shareholders. But we're not in the business of looking at doing this in small scale. We want to work with professional capital of scale. And it ultimately becomes, I believe, a good opportunity for us as the manager of those assets to be -- obviously have better market intel on what those portfolios are doing. It can inform us of better opportunities of how we can actually enhance our own businesses, and we can certainly drive efficiencies in our future pipelines for growth. The last comment I would make is, as you look at our platform today, we now have two markets that are well into the tens of thousands of units. That in itself will allow us to get creative on services we provide residents, efficiencies and economies of scale, and how we deliver those services. And I think ultimately, we're going to learn a whole heck of a lot more about how our platform gets more and more efficient over time to drive further margin expansion.
Dallas Tanner: It's a great question. Pathways -- and again, we're a minority partner in the platform, so I want to be careful to speak on their behalf. But they're basically taking a cautious approach kind of in the interest rate mortgage cycle that they've been in and have been selectively deploying capital and sort of fine-tuning their business model when and where it matters. They've certainly continue to add homes, a lot in the new construction side of the world as well. But I think that that's a program that we'll continue to develop and get smarter over time. I know they're exploring some opportunities in shared ownership programming and things like that. So we view them as a terrific partner in terms of how we sort of probe the market and understand where the puck is going. And I think as they have more to report on the early wins in terms of the categories and also the products that will lend themselves to kind of the greatest upside, we're certainly keen on getting a little bit smarter and deciding when and where we might want to lean in.
Dallas Tanner: Good question. I think between me and Scott, we can give a little bit more color on what we're seeing there. I think Scott summed it up nicely, which is our homebuilder pipeline is continuing to grow. Now, we've talked about this over the last couple of years. I think a year or so ago, our deliveries were like 350, 400. This past year, it was 700-plus. We -- the number that you just quoted in the mid-700s is what we have currently on schedule to deliver. We'll certainly see other opportunities in closeouts with some of our current partners and new partners that will happen throughout the year that aren't on schedule would be our best estimate. Those cap rates are typically 6-plus in today's environment. Now, Scott can talk and give a little bit more color, but strategically speaking, we're on the record that we have a terrific partnership with Pulte Homes. We continue to evaluate opportunities. Scott, you're talking to a number of other builders about some other pipeline additions. And I think I mentioned earlier in the call or yesterday with some media, we've got about 1,800 homes under contract, plus or minus another 1,000 that we're close to putting in our pipeline.
Dallas Tanner: Thank you. We look forward to seeing many of you in South Florida in a couple of weeks. Please reach out to Scott or Jon with any questions if we can help. Thank you very much. We hope everyone has a great day.
Scott Eisen: Hi. It's Scott Eisen. Thanks for the question. Look, we are in the market right now, obviously, in dialogue with various people about opportunities. I think clearly, we are seeing some owners of portfolios where what was very cheap debt a few years ago is now breakeven to negative on cash flow. And I think there are people out there that are looking to explore their opportunities, and we're looking at options on acquisitions that is accretive to us, we think could be interesting growth opportunities for us. It is clear that there are some people out there that never fixed and were floating on it, and those opportunities, I think, could potentially come our way.
Scott Eisen: No, I would just add that we are continuing our dialogue with the national and regional builders, and we just have a growing backlog of opportunities to work with them on buying partial and full community deals. And I think we feel good about where the spread is on potential cap rates for us. And I think it's in a consistent way -- it's clearly, call it, in the high-5s, low-6s in terms of where we think there are opportunities for that.
Scott Eisen: Yes. And the only thing -- this is Scott. The only thing I would add here is that it's clear in our dialogue with the builders that they are recognizing that this is an important business line for them. And they clearly have their regular way sales that they're doing to individual consumers. But at the same time, they look at having an institutional partner like us across the table for them, gives them the ability to just continue to grow. Think of it like fleet sales that somebody does with an auto company. And we are just another opportunity for them to continue to provide housing to America and for us to be an incremental buyer to give that incremental demand and for them to continue to grow their deliveries and for us to have opportunities to grow our platform as well.
