Charles Young: Thank you, Dallas. First, I want to say thank you to our field and the team. I knew we had a great team before the pandemic, but what I've witnessed over the last several months has proven just how remarkable our associates really are. They've seen a lot of change coming their way, but I've never wavered in their commitment to genuine resident care. That commitment was evident in our second quarter operating results, which I'll cover now. Same-store average occupancy in the second quarter was 97.5%, up 80 basis points sequentially and up 100 basis points year-over-year. Average rental rate increased 3.7% year-over-year in the second quarter. As a result, gross rental revenues increased 4.7% year-over-year, partially offsetting this were two factors related to COVID-19. The first was an increase in bad debt from 0.4% of gross rental income in the second quarter of 2019 to 1.9% in the second quarter of 2020, which was 150 basis point impact on same-store core revenue growth in the quarter. The second was a significant decrease in our other property income, which was 107 basis point impact on same-store core revenue growth in the quarter, primarily attributable to our non-enforcement of late fees. As a result, overall, same-store core revenues grew 2% year-over-year in the quarter. Same-store core expenses increased 1.3% year-over-year, net of resident recovery same-store controllable expenses decreased 4.2%. The majority of the year-over-year decrease in controllable expenses with due to improvements in turnover costs largely attributable to lower resident turnover rates. Fixed expenses in the second quarter increased 4.8%, primarily due to higher property taxes. This resulted in a 2.3% year-over-year increase in same-store NOI. I'd now like to expand on leasing trends and revenue collections. Starting with leasing activity, the strong trends we saw at the start of the quarter have become even stronger each month with a differentiated real estate product driving uniquely healthy demand we have not run any wide-scale concessions since the beginning of April. And new lease rate growth has picked up considerably during peak leasing season. In June and July, new lease rate growth was 4.6% and 4.9% respectively. At the same time, days to re-resident continues to compare favorably to prior year, improving five days year-over-year in the second quarter. With respect to renewal activity, our turnover rate continues to decline. Same-store turnover rate fell 16% year-over-year in the second quarter of 2020, bringing our same-store turnover rate to approximately 28% on a trailing 12 month basis. Renewal rents increased 3.5% in the second quarter and 3% in July. This resulted in same-store blended rent growth of 3.3% in the second quarter and 3.7% in July. The combination of lower turnover and lower days to re-resident continues to result in record high occupancy. In a typical year, we see occupancy decline seasonally in the summer months, but this summer we have seen occupancy rise. In July of 2020, same-store occupancy averaged 97.8%, a full 170 basis [ph] points higher than the previous July record set in 2019. Furthermore, 14 of our 16 markets had average occupancy above 97% in July. And eight of our markets had average occupancy above 98%. Next, I'll cover revenue collections, which have held up well since the beginning of the pandemic and improved further over the course of the second quarter. For context, pre-COVID, our total collections in a month represented 99% of billed revenue on average, with 96% representing payments of current month's rent and 3% representing payments from past due rents from prior months. In each month from April through July, we have seen payment of current month's rents amount to approximately 92% of billings compared to 96% historical average. As the pandemic has gone on, we have seen greater number of residents catch up on delayed payments from prior months. As a result, our overall collections as a percentage of monthly billings increased from 94% in April to 96% in May and 97% in each of June and July. This compares to our historical average of 99%. I'll close with a few remarks about how we're planning for the road ahead. We do not know what the future holds with respect to the spread of COVID-19, but we do know that it was our job to safely provide an outstanding experience for our residents and assure that they feel our genuine care, regardless of the obstacles. We've done so in the past during natural disasters, and we're doing so now during this pandemic. The key is to stay nimble and we're focused on leveraging the power of our people and our platform to adapt to future changes that are sure to come our way. With that, I'll turn it over to Ernie Freedman, our Chief Financial Officer.
Charles Young: Yes, this is Charles. Thanks for your question. So just going back to where this thing started with the pandemic in March, we waived all of the late fees for April, just trying to be thoughtful with our residents. And then from there, we kind of took it on a month-by-month basis and tried to see how it all played out. So, come May and in June we started this slowly reintroduce. But really it was only with residents who we hadn't had a chance to interact with. And even when they did call us many times, we would waive those late fees. I would take them off the ledgers. The whole goal really was to try to get the communication going with our residents and make sure that we were interacting with them and working with them, so they can stay in their homes.  When you look at your point, when you looked at the landscape, about 1/3 of our homes fall into some form of restriction in regards to running late fees, and we're taking a very conservative position on that. As you know, it's a changing landscape and things are being extended. And so we're taking more of a conservative stance and we're keeping an eye on it. And like we said, we're still working with our residents if they reach out to us. Our main goal is to make sure that we're keeping our residents in our homes and trying to work with those who need help.
Charles Young: It's hard to see, have full visibility into that. We've liked our process that we've been able to stabilize, but it's really hard to see what it's going to do. The vast majority of our residents have been paying on time and continue to. So we'll keep an eye on it, but we like how we've been trending so far. 
Charles Young: Hey, Haendel. Charles here. Thanks for the question. We – early on in the pandemic, we knew we were solving for occupancy. We wanted to make sure not knowing what the future had. We ran concessions early, got our occupancy up, and then we saw that demand is here for our product. And so we continue to throw the move those away. So by May, we were fully free of concessions and we began to see a new lease rate growth. So when you look at the results for June and July 4.6, 4.9, we're seeing good acceleration on the new rate growth and our high accuracy allows us to have that position.  Now on the renewal side, we've been a bit more balanced knowing that residents are – some of our residents are in challenging positions, and we showed some flexibility in working with them. So you see our renewal rates positive, but not as high as they'd been historically. But we're starting to push that a bit now. And so our ask going into August is close to close to 5%, September over 5%. So we're finding that balance. Again, it is a seasonal business and we're watching this and we're getting towards the end of the peak season. So we'll continue to monitor. We have our deal teams and our revenue management teams are great, keeping our eye on what the dynamics are in each sub market. And right now we're always trying to find out proper balance and taking into account what's going on with the pandemic as well. But our portfolio is in strong position.
Charles Young: It's hard to predict in this market. Usually, we get 50 basis points to a 100 basis points. But in the pandemic, we're still working with families. So it's hard to put a specific number on it. September our ask was closer to 5.5. And so, we're going to be higher than the three, 3.5 we've been in the last several months. As you know, we're coming out at a higher ask. So we'll have to see. The spread is hard to predict during this period, but typically it's within 50 basis points to a 100 basis points.
Charles Young: Yes. So taking your first question or your second question first, we always thought that this business could be a 97% occupancy business. As we looked at trending our turn times our turnover down into the 25% to 30%. We've been trending down to that, that way over the last kind of several quarters, which has been really positive. And as we get days of re-resident to the 30s, you just do the math and that's going to have you at a number that's where we are today. Now what's happening a little faster, given the pandemic. So that's a good thing, and we're going to continue to pay attention to that. Days to re-resident has been a real bright spot for us. It was a focus for us since the beginning of the year. We knew we had an opportunity there. And as I said, we're – quarter-over-quarter, we're down five days and we continue to have that benefit in July. We're down closer to 10 days in July. And you break down the components. We've been turning how homes we've made really good improvement this year at about 10 days. And the remainder has been the move-in period. So it's been healthy. The teams are doing all the right things, can't thank them enough, really impressed by their ability to work through this. And as they look at it, it's been a combination of pre-leasing and getting renovated, inventory and really pricing things appropriately. So I thank them for all the hard work and we'll continue to push.
Charles Young: Yes, we haven't really seen any material difference in regards to the demographics. Nothing has really stood out there. We did this survey, as Dallas mentioned in his remarks to figure out where people were trying to come from. And anecdotally, there's a demand to have more space. And that's been our long-term demographic has been over half of our residents are families. They have pets. And so they are appreciating the extra space. And I think during the pandemic, the social distancing is a benefit as well. And about just shy of 30% were coming from the cities. And many of them are just looking to try to have that space. So – but in terms of the demographic change, we haven't seen it. We'll continue to monitor, but it's still early in the process.
Charles Young: I don't think so. But we're going to watch that. At our current turnover rates, our residents are staying on average three years and it seems to be expanding. And if we continue to do what we do and give them a great resident experience with genuine care. And we know that we have homes in great neighborhoods and we're good school districts, all that is why residents want to be in our homes and they're staying for a long period of time. So we'll continue to monitor. As we said, demand has been strong. So we'll watch that as we go.
Charles Young: Yes, this is Charles. Really, we haven't seen anything that gives us any major concern. Like you said, across the board we're doing really well. And what I did do is take a minute to look at some of the States where we've seen an increase in the number of COVID cases, which is Arizona, Texas, Florida, a little bit of California. And as I dug in there, occupancy blended rent growth are all accelerating from June to July, which is positive. The renewal rates to your question have continued to look good year-over-year and Q2, all of them were up. Phoenix is at an all-time high. July seems to be holding up really well. New lease growth in Phoenix is over 9%, NorCal 8%, SoCal 6%, even at Florida we're 5, 6 – 5.6% for July new lease growth. And then the other piece I've looked at is on the collection side. And all of those markets are Arizona, Texas, Florida, specifically collected more revenue in July versus June. California is the exception, but we know that we're dealing with some more of the regulatory challenges, but it's not far off. It's like really flat kind of over year-over-year 99% of what it was in June versus July. So, really haven't seen much. We're still seeing overall good demand and – but we're going to continue to monitor as we watch this thing play out.
Charles Young: Yes, we do have certain markets and we're following all of those rules where it does stand out, Washington being one of them. California has some limitations as well, but that – they’re – and that is reflected in some of our numbers, but generally we are going out at [indiscernible] and then allowing our local teams to work directly with the residents to try to get to a resolution that works for both of us. But we're going to follow every time that there is any type of restriction that's – either put in locally or by the state.
Charles Young: Yes, historically we've been trending in the mid-20s and we saw this quarter, Q2, a slight uptick, it's 27. So it's not a huge jump. And obviously with interest rates, as you mentioned at historic rates, we'll continue to monitor that, but it's been in our benefit.
Charles Young: It – to Ernie’s earlier point, it's been pretty consistent in the kind of that mid fives generally for us over the past couple of years. And we've, specifically, been pretty picky about what we're willing to put in the portfolio. We're seeing rising rate, which does help to your point, but I would expect it to kind of stay in that mid fives. I wouldn't expect that we see any real wholesale or dramatic shifts given the type of home that we buy in and the types of portfolio that we manage today. It all feels pretty, pretty good, kind of in that strength. And to Ernie’s earlier point, on one of the questions he answered, we tend to see some better buying opportunities typically in the back half of the year. Now, this year has been anything but typical and housing cycles may extend further and home buying and selling season later in the year, but we'll see – we'll manage and we'll watch how the next six months progressing, but generally speaking mid-fives is something that we feel pretty comfortable with.
Dallas Tanner: Yes. Hi, Rich. A couple of points I'd like to make in response. First would be you're right that the market is relatively tight. There's limited supply, but even on that basis, we'll still see somewhere between $5.5 million and $6 million transactions over the next year. So in that environment, we were pretty good at being nimble and being local and on the ground and being able to stay flexible. We're also, as you know, pretty agnostic in terms of which channel they come through so long as they fit the profile of the property type that we want in the portfolio long term. We've actually had quite a bit of success in the one off space, being able to stay active locally in the markets, putting in offers on properties on a one by one basis. We've had a little bit more success in the last couple of months of doing some smaller opportunities with builders where we're buying five, 10, 15 homes at a time. And so while you're right in that it's a very competitive environment, given the lack of supply. The fact that we've been as active as we have been for the past eight years and been able to run our offense, so to speak, in the same fashion, we picked up right where we left off in terms of just slowing down our pace and getting right back into it. Ernie talked about our pace being in line with pre-COVID levels. And I would expect that we can certainly deploy capital in a meaningful way in that pace in today's environment.
Dallas Tanner: Well, we've said this before, and I should have said this in response to your first question. So my apologies, but we managed 12,500 homes in Atlanta as efficiently as we manage 3,500 homes in Seattle. And so for us, we still feel like in the majorities of our footprints, we have the additional capacity to expand our scale and maybe even get better density. With that comes better services, a better understanding of how the portfolio is behaving and ultimately driving decision making toward what the customer wants. So the Sunbelt markets, the West part of the – Western coastal parts of our markets are all parts of the portfolio that we'd like to see some expansion in. We love what we have in Atlanta. It could even have more in a market like that if it makes sense. But there's not – it hasn't really been anything Rich that would say that we should shift our strategy. I mean, the demographics in the household formation in our Sunbelt and coastal markets are still two times the national average in terms of the household formation. All the fundamentals are saying that growth is going to continue to happen in those parts of the country. So we're bullish on continuing to build out our footprint in these markets.
Dallas Tanner: Sure. We're really comfortable with what we own today. We like the footprints that we have. You're right in the Midwest over the last couple of years. We have cooled down the size of our portfolio specifically in Chicago. Some of that comes with some of the local expertise that we have that center around, the difficulties in operating properties in certain parts of that market. But – by and far, largely Nick we're pretty comfortable with what we have, like the footprint that we've got, and we'll obviously do some culling of nonperforming assets, maybe some geographic dislocation that we're always working on.  But now, by and large, we're pretty comfortable with where we're at. I wouldn't expect us to do anything wholesale, at least the way we're thinking about things right now. 
Dallas Tanner: Good question. Jade. It's one that we get from time-to-time. I think we talked a little bit about this over similar meetings at Nareit. I think ultimately, we were very happy with the smaller equity offering we did earlier in the quarter to given us some additional flexibility to go out and grow our portfolio. JV opportunities, we get inquiries inbounds on some of those from time to time. And certainly something that we think about in terms of having an added resource or an added tool to maybe go out and acquire more properties, or be maybe more active in parts of markets where we feel we have sufficient exposure on our balance sheet. So that's something that we'll continue to consider and think through. But as of right now, we're in a really good position. We've got plenty of dry powder to continue to grow our portfolio in parts of markets that we think lend themselves to really solid risk-adjusted returns. So we're in a good position.
Dallas Tanner: Well, we've been internal from day one. So we put an emphasis as we built the business around making sure that we were 100% internally managed and all of our folks that centered in and around the management and the tenant relations, we're all internal. Now, we certainly use vendors and we use vendor networks to do about half of our service orders in today's environment, Jade. So the short answer would be, we are an internally managed platform, but we definitely do use vendors on the outside, particularly around roofs and HVAC and some of those things in terms of heavier list. But most of our small maintenance work, work orders and everything that we do through ProCare are all handled internally as well.
Dallas Tanner: There wasn't really any standout per market. It was – we were surveying recently moved in residents. And so, it's a – kind of a short burst of a survey. And so, no real standout in regards to certain markets showing more of a propensity than others. But overall, I think, there's – there's been a strong interest. And you can see it from our overall demand that's in the market right now. And so, we'll stay there.
Dallas Tanner: Well, I guess, Wes, when we look at it on a quarterly basis and so you can see our collection activity improved throughout the quarter. And we're generally running about the same amount in the current bucket, 0 to 30 buckets. It's hard to say it's skewed toward June, but certainly as you get to June, your May receivables announced are now – that are still outstanding are eligible for bad debt as or your April. So, we saw kind of earned in throughout the period. So it's hard to say it's skewed one way or the other, but if we continue to collect it about 97%, it certainly feels like we're going to have bad debt kind of in that range that you saw in the second quarter. And hopefully, we can do better than that. But with four months of data, that's how we can look at the world today.
Dallas Tanner: Yes, the industry continues to evolve. And I think we're still in this moment of new capital coming into the space, we grew with everything that you're saying. They're trying to build portfolios and trying to replicate what companies like Invitation Homes have already done. We welcome it at the end of the day because we think having quality of choice and more companies offering professional services are good thing for residents generally across the country. I think this will be a good value added – added an industry, and there's a lot of healthy demand out there that wants to take advantage of it. Selfishly, the way we think about the business, we also think that over time and distance, it may lend itself to some consolidation opportunities. We believe we can run a portfolio as well or better than anyone out there today. And we think we can offer a customer experience of second to none because of our scale. So I think all of this new capital coming into the space over time and distance will largely be viewed as a good thing. And it's beneficial to our company as well.
Dallas Tanner: We're very active in the one-off space, working with iBuyers, working with people that are selling their home. I think those markets continue to get more and more efficient. So it doesn't feel right. First of all, let's be clear. There's not a lot of distress in the marketplace, which is a healthy sign for housing so far. So it is the traditional transaction side of things. And then I think there's opportunities to do more with builders along the way and find ways to see redevelopment of infill locations that would fit our portfolio needs as well. So the most active being the traditional one-off sales right now.
Dallas Tanner: Hi, I'll take this one. Well, first of all, South Florida is an interesting market to your point. I mean, it tends to kind of flow in cycles as you well know. We actually really enjoy the portfolio – the size of the portfolio that we have. It makes it very efficient. It's been a little lackluster in terms of rate growth and there's some challenges in a couple of municipal areas. We have been calling that portfolio over the past couple of years kind of fine tuning it to some degree, similar to what we've done in Chicago. We love the growth profile. We love the inbound when things are good. I don't know what the exact right size might be, John, over time and distance. We're certainly still recycling capital and occasionally buying in South Florida. We love the parts of North Dade and South Broward County. We've had a lot of success in and around Jupiter and some of those sub-markets as well. So I believe it's a market we're going to be active in for a long time. And you might see us over time maybe slowly cull parts of that market just to make it a bit more efficient, but nothing worries us about the scale, getting that we're also a little bit underwhelmed by some of the growth that we see on the rate side. But it feels like our teams are doing a really good job there. We've actually seen all the efficiency metrics that Charles talked about earlier and get better and better in that market. So I like our chances. We probably want to run that portfolio for a bit longer before making any kind of definitive thoughts around what we would or wouldn't do there.
Dallas Tanner: Yes, great question. So, on the – on your first point, I would say, it's important to understand that we rank every one of our homes in the portfolio on an ongoing basis. And there's a number of factors, but they all basically fall into two buckets. We rank our assets based on where they're located, which is, as you might imagine, pretty hard to change wherever home is and it currently sits today. And then we also rank our homes on an asset score that basically ties into the fit and finish and the property characteristics that are associated with that property. Our asset management team does a really nice job of going deep at the market and also at the sub-market level. We've built our portfolio into about 220 sub-markets, geographic clusters that we measure performance in and around. And so, as part of our ordinary course, we'll go through those properties and basically hold ourselves accountable to their performance, both from an operating perspective and also from a return perspective, how do we think about the growth profile for those assets. Now, there's a lot of reasons why you would sell a home. One, you might sell a home because quite frankly becomes too valuable. And to your second question, on a financial basis, it may make sense to sell that home back into the end user market, recycle capital and reinvest in parts of the market where it could make more sense. The second reason might be geographically, we feel like we either have too much concentration and we'd like to spread that risk as well for a variety of reasons. So our management team – our asset management teams, as part of our capital allocation plan every year, we'll go through that process. And we have kind of a general property watch list of things that we're looking at for potential reasons as to why we might sell. And then they're also coming up with recommendations around where we think we need a bit more scale. And that's all part of that recycling process to answer your question.
Dallas Tanner: Yes, the good news for us, Rich, is where we're selling our assets and typically an asset we're selling it to an end user will set bank it on our books for anywhere between two to four months just to go through the normal sale process. The cap rates we sell out to end users typically are well below 4%. It can be in the 3% to 4% range. A lot of things that Dallas talked about the fact that house might be worth more to an end user than as a rental property. Whereas when we go to buy homes, we're typically buying today kind of in the mid fives cap rate, and that's in a market where there isn't distress. And that's where we've been buying for the last period of time. So our capital recycling unlike in other real estate types even though we're improving the quality of our portfolio and getting in better locations tends to be a net accretive activity for us from an earnings perspective because we have the opportunity to sell assets in two ways to end users who may value them differently than an institution, who runs them as a rental property.
Dallas Tanner: I think they're going to be more or less hold steady. We're using the capital that we raised here in June and more of the capital is going to be used for acquiring assets and for de-leveraging. So I think you'll see a steady out. And a lot of it's going to depend on how EBITDA plays out in the second half of the year. How things like bad debt trend and other like as good news, we're seeing good fundamentals, a good strong growth, otherwise in our portfolio when it comes to rental rate achievement, when it comes to occupancy. So I think we'll continue to see that modest moving down that you've seen over the last period of time. You stay focused on that. And as we have – if it makes sense opportunistically to be able to try to do something with leverage, we'll certainly consider that. But our main focus is going to be to continue to delever through external growth in terms of buying assets unlevered, which is what we've been doing for a period of time here and it takes a little while for that to earn in. That's going to be the main focus. And then the second focus will be, hopefully, we continue to see positive NOI contribution and EBITDA growth as we move forward.
Dallas Tanner: We appreciate everybody's interest in Invitation Homes. We hope that everybody out there stays safe and we’ll look forward to talking to you all next quarter. Thanks.
