Charles Young: Thank you, Fred. We continue to enjoy strong fundamentals with paveed the way for another solid quarter of growth in the first quarter of 2018. Our team is working well to keep field operations running smoothly at the same time that merger integration progresses according to plan. I'd like to thank our associates for their continued commitment to making 2018 a successful year with respect to both core operations and integration. It's been truly impressive to watch our teams in action, and I look forward to taking resident service to the next level when we empower them with an even more efficient, unified operating platform in the second half of 2018. I'll now spend some time walking you through the details of our first quarter 2018 operating performance. Same-store core revenues in the first quarter grew 4.1% year-over-year, in line with our expectations. The revenue increase was driven primarily by average rental rate growth of 4% and average occupancy remained strong at 95.7%. Same-store NOI grew 3.6%, a solid result considering one-time items that resulted in higher-than-normal same-store core and expense growth of 5.1% in the quarter. A key contributor to this expense increase was elevated repair and maintenance expense, which was atypical in nature attributable to a timing delay in completing routine non-storm-related service request in markets impacted by the September 2017 hurricane. Service across related to hurricane damage were prioritized in the fourth quarter of 2017 pushing noncritical routine service request that otherwise would have been resolved last year into the first quarter of 2018. Harsher winter weather in the first quarter of 2018 compared to the first quarter of 2017 also contributed to higher repair and maintenance expenses. Next, I'll cover first quarter 2018 leasing trends. Same-store rent growth remained strong in the quarter with renewals again up almost 5%. Renewals represented 2/3 of the leases we executed in the first quarter. At the same time, turnover was even lower year-over-year at 7.6%, a testament to the value we believe residents continue to find in our first-class service on high quality homes and highly desirable locations. Same-store new lease growth was 2.5%, accelerating over the course of the first quarter as expected and blended rent growth was 4%. Western U.S. markets continue to lead the way for our growth as Northern and Southern California, Seattle and Phoenix were our strongest markets from a rent growth perspective in the first quarter. I'm also happy to report that we're seeing great momentum as we enter peak leasing season. Average occupancy increased to 96.1% in April 2018, up 20 basis points from April 2017, which puts us in an excellent position for growth. After increasing sequentially in each month of the first quarter, new lease rent growth accelerated to 4.5% in April 2018. Renewals also remained strong in April at 4.7%, resulting in a solid, blended rent growth of 4.6%. Main engine renewals have been quoted in the mid-5% range and we expect new lease growth to continue accelerating as we move further into peak season. Finally, a few words on how we're enhancing our resident experience. Our team members remain committed to providing every resident with the opportunity to live the leasing lifestyle they prefer and good neighborhoods close to their jobs and great schools, and we continue to innovate and enhance our property management operations to provide residents with the even more outstanding service. In the first quarter of 2018, we installed smart home technology in an additional 2,000 homes, bringing the total to almost 24,000. Smart home technology allows us to operate with greater efficiency and enables residents to enjoy their homes in a more convenient and energy-efficient fashion. We're also achieving high resident satisfaction scores as we continue rolling out our proprietary ProCare service model. As field integration takes the next tape later this year, we'll roll out more enhancements to our platform that will make the leasing lifestyle we provide to residents even better. I'm proud of what we have delivered so far and I look forward to working with all of our team members to continue enhancing the experience of our residents as we move forward. I will now turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Ernie Freedman.
Charles Young: Yes, this is Charles, thanks for the question. We actually did exactly what we wanted to do in Q1. In the last call, we mentioned that we were up a little behind on where we wanted to be at the end of the quarter, want to build and occupancy through Q1. And we did exactly that. And we added about 40 basis points moving us up to 95 7. And we continue to add actually in April so we're up north of 96% where the average in April, which is great news overall. It puts us in a really good position for peak leasing season. Through that 90% plus percent of our markets all added occupancy in Q1. So we did is actually what we hoped. And because that, again, blended rent growth came in stronger but renewals carry that they, and we were just shy of 5%. In Q1, we're seeing solid, continued renewal growth. They obviously are 2/3 of all the new leases that we do. But ultimately, we're seeing the growth come in new leases, and we ended April at 4.5%. So we're position very well going into peak leasing season.
Charles Young: Yes, overall, our program is really been great for us. It's not only the ability that we can actually charge additional fees. There's ancillary revenue that we're able to charge and gain some revenue. But ultimately, it's as much about the operational efficiencies that we get from being able to do as self-show, letting our vendors and in knowing when they're in. It's in the utility management when we're owning the homes and they're not least to be able to reduce those costs on an ongoing basis. And our residents really enjoy the convenience of the self-show and the ability to have the efficiencies for them and their families to be able to let people are on their home and to control their utilities while they're living at least in lifestyle in our homes.
Charles Young: At that's typical where we're trying to go. We're installing the new technology on the hill renewals. So as the house returns, we'll put it in and then it becomes part of the pool to help us with leasing and ultimately, we'd be able to upsell to our residents if they choose to do it. What's great is nearly 80% of our new leases that are - payout of the smartphone opportunity are taken advantage of it. It's been great for us.
Charles Young: Yes, you kind of answered the question for us. That resin exposure allows us to kind of optimize some of the renewal growth out there. But if you look across the portfolios, historically, we've been really at that kind of high 4s consistently on renewals. Regardless of seasonality, that's where renewals are consistent. There's ultimately 2/3 of our releases. So you're going to get, based on supply-demand in some of the HPA growth, that Western markets are going to push, but you'll still see good renewal growth out of some of our other markets. And when you take a blended portfolio like this, we think that high 4s and low 5s is where we're going to settle.
Ernest Freedman: Sure, China, I'm happy to provide some clarification and actually, we weren't surprised by the 5.1% expense growth year-over-year. The net impact of the one-time items we disclosed in the supplemental was about $700,000. And actually, more that came from the IH aside from the Fort exposure with regards to the hurricane. So without of those expense growth would have been 4.5%. The other driver for the expense growth was real estate taxes. And we disclosed in Supplemental Schedule. Real estate Texas are up 7.3% year-over-year, which is a pretty high number, and Prop 13 in California wasn't the culprit behind it. The good news of Prop 13, as you know that going forward, will state tax increases are statutorily is 32%, which is great for almost 13,000 homes that we own in California. But both our IPO in February 2017 and the merger with Starwood Waypoint late in the year were triggering events for valuation reassessments. And Q1 was a specially difficult comp for this California taxes and if you could not book our Prop 13 tax adjustment in Invitation Homes until the second quarter last year as we disclosed in last year's second quarter earnings release. So in Q1 '18, we had higher California taxes from both the IPO early in the year as well as from Starwood Waypoint merger later in the year. Without that noise from Prop 13, real estate tax growth would have been 4.5% year-over-year for the quarter, Juan, it's better than the 5% expectation for the year for taxes prior to the impact of Prop 13. So actually, we had a good result in real estate taxes before Prop 13. Without Prop 13, our overall expense growth would have been about 150 basis points more favorable. So expense growth would have been about 3% for the quarter year-over-year versus the 51 that we reported you want to take it impacts from the one-time items as well as Prop 13.
Ernest Freedman: Yes, sure. So you did see that our net debt-to-EBITDA went from 9.5x in the last quarter - 9.7, modest change. That really just come down to where adjusted EBITDA was for the two periods, ad there was refinancing transaction in the first quarter when we actually proceeds also that cover the financing costs. And so, fully expect by the end of the year, as we've talked about, we'll reduce that as numbers by about one turns. So we'll definitely be in the high 8 so about 9x and expect that to happen. And in terms of tools that are available to us, John, certainly the most important one is what you point out was the retain cash flow and our NOI still projected to be 5% to 6%, adjusted EBITDA growth, [indiscernible] start to grow very strongly and with our dividend payout ratio, where it is, using that retained cash. And then we periodically, you're here on a monthly basis, we look out with opportunities are for Dallas on the capital recycling front and decide what makes them regards to capital recycling how to use those proceeds. And today, we've had some modest purchases here in the first quarter. We talked about in the prepared remarks. And so we do give consideration whether we want to pivot from there or not. But we're very pleased with our plan and continue to stay on track with regards to acquisitions and dispositions about being equally weighted in 2018. And then what's keep all our opportunities available to us broadly to raise capital and if it made sense, the considerably consider that as well to help improve the leverage profile.
Ernest Freedman: Yes, sure. So for instance, with Prop 13, I alluded to the fact that we have a difficult comp in the first quarter because we didn't book Prop 13 in Invitation Homes last year the first quarter. We doubled up in the second quarter last year. So Prop 13 should be more manageable for us in the second quarter, make real estate taxes a little bit easier because that's one example. And another example is we do expect to get some NOI synergies in the second half of the year mainly as we get into the fourth quarter. And we haven't been specific about what those would be other than speaking generally and we're speaking more specifically to those we get into the second quarter on our earnings alliance call. That's all bit of talent that we expect to have some modest help from as well. So days made there is a little bit easier for that but ship risk and opportunities with any guidance and numbers and I'd say the opportunity areas for us are continue pushing other things that Fred just talked about with regard to the synergy as well as we're getting smarter and how we're in the business as we learn how to use the previously run their businesses and take the best of both and I said there is adding for us is on property taxes. Notwithstanding what I talked about on our property taxes early, we're very early in the year and most real estate tax assessments, and the second half of the year and often in the second half of the second half of the year. And at this point, we've only received and full of notices back from California with regards to some of the various things - the reassessments of events we've had. So there's opportunity for us to be better-than-expected I will say? Taxes but of course, there's an opportunity for us to be in the right direction for us to do. So we still have a wide range of 2% to 3%. We see a path for us to in that range until good about it, and we'll certainly no better in 90 days.
Ernest Freedman: Yes so Jade Denver always perform pretty high for us in fact, it's mid- to high 70s where outed NOI margin in the first quarter are around while it state tax growth so we were over accrued will say taxes based on where some sense came in earlier this year and then also allow us to set their assessment for next 2018 to a lower level as well as the real estate taxes that's one of the reasons were in our outperformance real estate taxes notwithstanding what I talked about earlier. In general, then we'll perform very well similar to phoenix as well as Las Vegas. Cost to maintain tend to be a bit lower a real estate taxes are reasonable. In fact, those in the sort of likely continue to be one of our areas highest margin markets in the portfolio.
Ernest Freedman: Oh, I can't do that off the top of my head, Tony so let me get back on you that. But certainly, we have a couple things that are going to go against each other as we go forward by the current debt that we have in place, it's cost will likely go up a little bit because of our futures reps are a little bit more expensive than in the market Kirkland's roll off. Offsetting that is we have spreads today embedded in a lot of these instruments that are not market spreads today. Experts have come down quite a bit since the original financing were down two, three, four years ago so you're going to have international offsets. But I can talk to you off-line and how - point to you what you can see in our discussion we can have a sense of how that will change based on the current debt profile of the controversy, but we're still very optimistic that we have chance to offset those who increase in cost and tighter spread as we continue to about refinancing activity for the rest of this year.
Frederick Tuomi: Yes, this is Fred. In the original idea of the thesis for the smart home was to take care of some operational challenges that we have in single-family rental, namely key control, access to the home by vendors, by our field employees, et cetera. And then, it also to maintain control over the utility costs during the renovation and eventual return process. Then, that the idea of allowing our prospects to interact with the system so they could choose if they wanted to have our shelf showing experience. And we found in the DVD was a very, very large proportion of people really chose preferred the shelf showing options. So about 570 to almost to 80% of our prospects are choosing that. If they want to have a guided tour the leasing professional they can certainly do that as well. And then with the just, just the ads for the smart from that sweeping the nation, was of us know either have them or are considering adding smart home capabilities to our homes. So there's actually demand for that. We realized that they can actually facilitate in that need and that desire. So we make it optional for our residents if they so choose, they're going to have to control to the same system of that front door of that thermostat and then we have other ideas that things that we can add to it in the future. Then if they do, there's a cost of that we believe is a rental cost at lower, lower cost all in and much more convenient of implementation try to assemble these parts and gadget themselves.
Frederick Tuomi: Yes, the priority that we had on those work orders were obviously to make sure that we were dealing with anything that was an emergency or habitability issues. And we felt like those priorities were the right approach. Some of the ones that regulate for more routine work orders around fencing, maybe some landscaping, there was a little delay there, obviously. And we do track after every interaction with the residents. And the scores came down slightly, but not materially. And we built them back real quickly as soon as we were able to service of those homes. So part of what you're seeing is not only the timing, but also the building timing of where they're coming through and they had in Q1. So overall, maybe a slight blip but no real material change in our teams really focus on trying to work through these as quickly as we could, really proud of what they've been able to do given the size and scale of the amount that came through Florida.
Frederick Tuomi: Well, part of where the opportunity that we have with combining the best of both worlds is we've already started on that path using the technology platform for the maintenance will allow us to work through the work orders quicker. And we think that will be a real answer going forward. So this is just one example of many where we're able to look across the organization and we keep what we think is best and the technology platform allows us to get more vendors into the platform, use our in-house vendors as well as a bull and move through the quarters in a more timely fashion. So we're really proud of what we've been able to do there and we're implementing that, as we speak is paid great.
Frederick Tuomi: Yes, Vincent. This is Fred. The integration, as we said in our prepared remarks, is working according to plan. And we're really pleased with the performance of our team, everyone working on this integration. Most of the enabling work is coming to the completion phase, that was the first phase of the project, obviously. And we're geared up now and ready to start the implementation in the field throughout the field platform that will impact more of the customer life cycle, the attraction, acquisition onboarding, the ongoing service to our field organization. So the synergies that we've been discussing since the very announcement of the $45 million to $50 million on a run rate basis by in early of 2019, are those cost synergies that the specific identify cost synergies related to this implementation of this combined platform both corporate and field. So there are other potential synergies that we've alluded to. Sometime still on the cost side. We're seeing more opportunity on procurement. And when you cut another benefit of this merger has our market level, scale and density, which makes it, not only our sales more efficient, but our vendors more efficient as well. So we expect to share those vendor opportunities as we get a little more - we have to have some meetings with more vendors and suppliers in terms of procurement strategies. So we expect that will be an additional pick up. And then we also feel like the current plan is excellent and we're implementing that plan, but there's always way to optimize it further once we establish it, get to the field and get up and running. So those are some opportunities on the procurement side. Then the revenue, we really see there is - I mean, we can add more value enhancing services to our residents of than we have some plans for that, which is again with a density, where the scale. And we have more opportunities to provide additional goods and services to our residents that will add to the value of their expenses. There will be a revenue opportunity for us going forward.
Frederick Tuomi: Yes, one example is adding on to our smart home capability. We have hubs ups in place in which gives you a lot of optionality in the future. The basis system that we offer now is simply the lock and the thermostat, which is very important. Those are the primary features of a smart home. But there are other features as well. People could use if they wanted to have video monitoring either exterior or interior space. People could choose to have implement home security systems, either just the intrusion alarm or a full monitored system. We could get into a landscaping with the density of our portfolio, the ability to offer landscaping at a very cost-effective basis becomes more and more probable. So that's a couple of other things. And then analysis in terms of the rev X, offering customized interiors, offer our customer base upgrades, we want to make their lifestyle so easy so that people can step into a lifestyle that meets their needs, meets their desires, have some optionalities, they have influence in designing their own expense all for a leasing payment profile versus coming out of pocket. There's other products and services we're talking a lot of other large-scale vendors in terms of doing some joint marketing campaigns, which provide again our value-added, efficient this durable good services and products to our residents.
Frederick Tuomi: Absolutely not. I think you've seen us over the last couple of years, we develop this business. It's a place of the business and optimizes business. The numbers have been very consistent. And there are, I would say that they're consistent with the numbers that we've been telling and forecasting for the last couple of years. We've always said that, that total cost of maintaining would be between $2,600, $2,800 per home per year and that's exactly where we continue to see it over the long run because that we rebuild to that estimate was based on mathematics. Looking at the useful life, remaining useful life, typically useful life and cost, all the components of a single-family home. So I don't think you're going to see volatility going forward. We have one-time events this quarter. From time to time, you may have one-time events in any product type, residential or non-residential, apartment or single-family. So that's what we're dealing with here as we explained.
Frederick Tuomi: It's based on just the each component of the home, whether it's HVAC, roof, foundations, exterior, interior, the cost for those and then the typical useful life.
Frederick Tuomi: Well, for example, this quarter, okay, we saw the work spike starting very early in January. And then, obviously, looked into this quickly and saw that the cost was just - the pushing of the routine work orders from that Q4 prioritize for the hurricane into January below the number came down in February, continue to come down in March. And by the way, March was back to normal, normal levels. So and they're happy to report in April, same thing, back to normal expected levels or a slightly better. So that was our characterization. That was a one-time event based on that event, which was two hurricanes, two major areas impacting lots of different businesses, including ours. Now could we say that hurricanes will never happen again? No. But do they happen every year? Of course, not. So it's going to be these more in frequent one-time hard to predict, hard to forecast, hard to budget, hard to guide into those types of activities. We would not build a business plan based on anticipation of a major hurricane going to the state of Florida.
Frederick Tuomi: I'll just add, Chicago operationally, we've really seen a nice movement. We ended the quarter at 95% or slightly above. And into April, we're north of 96%. And with that, when you look at blended rank growth year-over-year, it's actually starting to accelerate where we moved up into the positive 2s and then expanding into April to North of 2. So we're - operationally feel good about it, and with our scale and combined portfolio, we feel like we're in good shape to continue to push forward.
Frederick Tuomi: Yes, thank you. This is Charles. On the sway side, having gone through to last year, both Harvey, which hit Houston and Irma that came to Florida and on the IH site, both of us going through the Florida storms. We learned a lot in terms of preparation, getting out ahead, working with the vendors. Harvey, specifically was more really water, not as much wind. So we were able to have anticipation with our vendors to have fans and dehumidifiers and extra vendors ready to be kind of first responders to some instances we're on the ground before. Many of the other first responders and one of the best practices we did between both sides was to be thoughtful around the displacement of our residents. We stopped leasing our homes and allowed that residents to be - have first choice of moving to any of our homes. So we learn from that. Are there other things we can do? I think what we talked about from an operational side is just comparing those notes. I also mentioned earlier and the call that our technology platform was a big help on the sway side as we implemented that on the cross portfolio. I think will be in better position to respond faster than we did in this instance. So a lot to learn. And we'll continue to compare notes if we, God forbid, something would happen again.
Frederick Tuomi: Yes interesting question. We've talked a lot about that on a large-scale basis, just look at the demographics of this country. Demographics are undeniable. Doesn't really what house is for the economy, people still get older every year. So when you look at the millennial cohort, which is actually larger, and the baby boom cohort, it's going to have a massive impact of the nation's economy for the next 10 years or more. So the impact to our business is there coming to age, not the leading edge of this million dollars year quarter. It's getting to the age and the life stage for the behaviors are going to begin to change. And so fleet living by themselves living with roommates in the urban setting. Some of them or many of them over the next decade are going to be moving into the part thereof, rather going to have relationship start from a more traditional family decisions and their needs and desires in open court or more of schools, with a safety, with the excess or transportation, et cetera. So we think that, that demand is going to be bode well for single family of, both purchase and rental. Then with the millennials, a lot of the research says or speculations us continue to want to stream their lifestyle a loss of years, the asset light and experience focus. And with that, comes to the desire to please the lifestyle they can live. actually opportunity so that better lifestyle through leasing their home versus purchasing. So a lot of demographic and psychographic reasons why we think this is going to be are very bullish lien for us in terms for the next decade or more steady demand from this cohort.
Frederick Tuomi: Yes, that's an interesting concept. We've been asked to consider that. But we have no interest at this time of pursuing that strategy. We've got a big integration in front of us. We have a lot of things to accomplish of our own portfolio, for our owned assets of our shareholders. You never say never. But it certainly not in our near-term playbook. But the platform that we have developed and continue to develop to further innovations and additions I think have a lot of intrinsic value. Maybe someday in the future, we look at ways on how to leverage that differently.
Frederick Tuomi: All right. Thank you, everybody. Thank you again for joining us today. We appreciate your interest, as always, in Invitation Homes. And we look forward to many of the with the upcoming NAREIT in June in Europe.
Dallas Tanner: Yes, sure. As we look for ways to optimize the customer expense going forward, one of the things that be found to be very effective as we roll out and pilot, we've talked a little bit about last year is in this revenue enhancing CapEx idea, where we allow the customers help make decisions on the home, but not only hardened the asset but they're willing to pay for it. So will give you an example. With it, last month Orlando, 30 plus types of these projects were on average rate spending call it $5,000, $6,000 per home and the incremental call it bump on rents that our customers are willing to pay, that's an opt in negotiation on their part, would put us somewhere between a 15% and 20%, call it, ROI on those dollars on an unlevered basis. And so examples of this, as Ernie mentioned in the call, upgrading kitchens, hardwood flooring, other ways that we can actually had in the asset to call the customer choice, which is a win-win for our obviously the customer will get a stickier customer that wants to be with us longer because of the feel like they have the ability optimize a part their home and for us it's all better because the customer that's willing to stay and participate in that leasing, as Charles laid out early.
Dallas Tanner: Yes, absolutely. We look at the silence and offer program as one of many, quite frankly, where we're starting to see the rate customers transact change. And it's like Uber for being in a car versus a taxi. We're starting people make decision or maybe do want to go outside of ordinary call it, broker channels, to buy and sell homes. Rated pilot and created in the instant app program with Zillow night last year and that has now evolved into a much more robust program like you're seeing with Opendoor and some of it with our companies. We look at this as one of many chalices that will provide opportunities for comments like Invitation Homes to be able to acquire and assets and more importantly, customers. We also think there will be added benefit perhaps, to some other programs, like sale-leaseback, where somebody can ultimately sell their home to a company like Invitation and then have an option there, lease back from us from year to when they make their next life decision. So you're spot on it, Dennis in terms of where are you going to see to continue this market and being the largest owner of the single-family we need to have a front seat as we watch that part of the market develop and more importantly participate in it.
Dallas Tanner: You're definitely part of the programs in public, and we have been. And we've worked with that, not only Zillow, but other companies to find ways to help optimize that lead funnel. And so will continue to do so and expect us to be active in that space.
Dallas Tanner: No. Well, maybe I wouldn't say in any pockets. We're seeing kind of slow steady growth out of Chicago. Fortunately, I think from an operational standpoint, we've gotten much better than from an occupancy standpoint we starting to see a little more renewal growth and leasing. From both cold legacy portfolio but we will continue to do there is optimize and part of the portfolio in position where it can be the most successful. We've talked about this in the past, but Midwest concentration versus less than 6.5% of our menu so it's not a key focus. Our story release West Coast and Southeast. If you look at the end of that type of growth, John, I think that's a little bit of a no-brainer but we don't disagree. We like to see more growth out of Chicago we like to see better efficiencies just having to see a lot of it in terms of HBI, but we're seeing a little bit of it.
Dallas Tanner: Yes, I'll take that. This is Dallas. It's still early days in terms of how much absorption we can have call it in a given year. We've laid out that we think we can be across kind of them married of call it revenue generating opportunities and kind of CapEx spend between $15 million and $20 million a year in this type of program right now over time will tell I mean, Fred laid out in talked about some of the purse that are available. We also believe that this living lesson doesn't only hold itself to win their interim they could be moving in, bring out. There's a lot of different reasons that we can optimize growth for this business. So I would say that it's still too early to say what that capture rate will be while their home. But we're certainly are bullish about what the opportunity that's in front of us.
Dallas Tanner: Yes, I mean, again, this is Dallas. Without a doubt, the markets are type Fred just talked about this a second ago we're going to have 12.5 million in your household forms over the next decade, and we're not building supply today to just keep up with a normal household formation so as you start to think through that you know that's going to put an imbalance of pressure on call it new home pricing or current pricing in this higher barrier-to-entry markets or without a date, we would anticipate that we lived in a normal market per the last couple of recent we've had only between two and three months of home supply in any of the 17 markets that we're in today across Invitation Homes. We see that changing in the foreseeable future. We see that come if anything, that may tighten a bit and with some of the choices and decisions being delayed like getting married, some of these other things that we're talked about, it puts us in a unique advantage to have probably the right type of demand function on our product specifically. So we are not building a forecast for the next three years, where we're going to see a lot of supply. Actually, quite the contrary. We're trying to make sure that we optimize the way that we can for those external growth opportunities, living in our supply environments going forward.
Dallas Tanner: Yes. Sure, no problem. Well, I mean, you know that we have scale in California and Seattle. Let's start in the West Coast specifically. I mean, those are markets, where I'll give you an example like in California you could be buying between call it an NOI cap rate, somewhere between 4.5 and a 5, depending on the market or submarket at that you're specifically trying to invest in. As we can be instilled solid suburbs in markets in the Southeast really can buy between the 5.5 and 6 capital depending on type of home and type of neighborhood. So it varies a large degree and it varies by the amount of call it available supply that you can actually by but generally speaking, I mean, we're very bullish postmerger and expanding our footprint in markets like Denver and Dallas. And we'll find ways to continue to grow the portfolio were all the fundamentals are saying, we want to be because it's more people want to be. It's rarely job growth and household formation will continue to occur.
