Charles Young: Thank you. Dallas. Once again, we were able to build on positive momentum to drive another great quarter operationally on both the revenue and cost side. I'm even proud of our team's success this quarter because it came in a seasonally busier time of year.  Managing through peak season for leases, turns and maintenance. The quality of our resident service is not wavered. This is most evident in our turnover numbers, which achieved yet another record-low of 30.1% on a trailing 12 month basis. We still have work to do and we remain in the midst of peak season, but I couldn't be more thankful for how our teams have executed thus far. I will now walk you through our second quarter operating results in more detail.  With outstanding fundamentals in our markets and excellent execution, same-store NOI increased 6.1% year-over-year in the second quarter, same-store revenues in the second quarter grew 4.2% year-over-year.  This increase was driven by an average monthly rental rate growth of 4% and a 40 basis point increase in average occupancy to 96% for the quarter. Same-store core expense in the second quarter increased 0.6% year-over-year. Controllable costs were better than expected, down 7.2% year-over-year net of resident recoveries.  The primary drivers of this improvement were lower turn volume and efficiency enhancements through our integrative operating platform that drove lower R&M and personnel costs, offsetting a significant improvement in controllable costs was a 7% increase in property taxes. We do not expect to achieve the same degree of improvement in controllable costs in the second half of 2019 as we did in the first half as prior year comps become less favorable. That said, we still see upside the cost efficiency. In addition to the benefit of constant refinements to our systems and processes going forward, we expect our full ProCare roll out to bear fruit over the next several years. ProCare is our unique proactive way we serve our residents from move-in to move-out including post-movement orientations, proactive service trips and pre-move out visits. To be clear, ProCare implementation has been rolled out in all of our markets. However, the benefits to materialize over time as proactive visits drive opportunities for savings in both R&M and turn results. Next, I will cover leasing trends in the second quarter. Both renewal and new lease rent growth were higher in the second quarter of 2019 than in the second quarter of 2018. Renewals increased 70 basis points to 5.4% and new leases increased 40 basis points to 5.2%. This drove blended rent growth of 5.3% or 60 basis points higher year-over-year. At the same time, average occupancy remained 96.5% in the second quarter of 2019 in line with first quarter and 40 basis points higher year-over-year. We feel very well positioned for the second half of 2019 with occupancy better than it has ever been at this point of the year.  However, we are also approaching the point in the calendar year where new leasing activity begins to flow seasonally making it prudent to turn slightly more conservative and balancing rent growth and occupancy. We feel great about our playbook for carrying healthy occupancy through the all season and our lease expiration curve is set up to help us achieve this as well. After a great first half of 2019, we are excited to keep the momentum going and remain focused on delivering outstanding service to our residents and outstanding results to our shareholders. With that, I will turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Ernie Freedman.
Charles Young: And we are still very committed to where we want to go from a balance sheet perspective, so we balance out what the cost of capital that is available for us on under various tools about the opportunity for external growth.
Charles Young: We are certainly talking to a number of groups that are doing work on both the single-family and the multifamily space. So you are right in that there are a lot of roll-ups occurring in the call for real estate tech space. To-date, I would say that there are also differentiated opportunities that kind of exist a little bit more in single-family or vice versa.  It could be duplicitous. It's a little bit different in terms of the nature of how long our resident stays with us, so there are, I think, additional opportunities available to us. RealPage, a number of those companies are rolling up different AI platforms and things that will help you around customer service.  We have met with a number of those types of companies and have looked at some of their products, haven't felt necessarily that any of it was yet ready for primetime for our business, but we are going to continue to maintain an opportunistic approach in terms of making sure we are getting anything that is out there.
Charles Young: Yes. Thank you Drew. This is Charles here. We are a fan of South Florida. If you look at our performance in Q2, overall occupancy actually went up to 95.5 from 95.3, went to rent growth 2.8 versus 3.2. So, we did go down slightly, renewal rates were actually up year-over-year and to your point, the new lease rent growth, we saw some impact in certain submarkets and so with that softening, we have worked very closely.  The field teams or asset management really looked at the field markets at those submarkets and make smart kind of pruning decisions as you are seeing some of the homes that we have been selling out there, you will see a little bit more relative sales out of South Florida and it's a large market.  We have 25,000 homes in Florida overall, and it's a very large market in South Florida, also. So we can really be smart around what markets we want to be in and optimize that by pruning. So, long term, we are a fan of South Florida, but we are looking to try to optimize the portfolio short-term.
Charles Young: Yes, no, I want you to read the transcript later and be confused Hardik about out we are talking about here.
Charles Young: Yes, I can give you some context for that, John. Certainly, in the third quarter real estate taxes are more difficult comp for us and the fourth quarter they are an easier comp for us. With regards to other line items that you see, we did start to earn it into some merger synergies starting in the second half of last year. Assume I don't expect we will see a stronger performance in personnel and other services, but we still see good performance and favorable performance relative to last year. And then on the R&M and turn side, we have seen some great, results with around turnover with regards to turnover keeps trending down further and further, we were cautious to make that continued trend of a continue to getting to record lows in the second half of the year, but it's certainly a possibility as we sensed over the last 7 to 8 quarters it keeps coming down.  So that could potentially be an upside for us, so maybe that is causing part of the head-scratching for you and then on R&M side, we just, we are still in the middle peak season. And so we just want to try and avoid surprises and we just want to be, as we have been all year and I know some analysts appropriately called out earlier in the year that maybe we do better than our numbers, and so far we have been happy to prove those folks right and we will just have to see how the rest of the year plays out.  We just want to have a right level of where we see things moving and have definitive answers to it and where things are, can sometimes be a touch out of your control, make sure we have the right level of caution in there as to how we see the second half of the year.
Charles Young: Well, we certainly wouldn't say [indiscernible] now looks as conservative as it was around R&M and turn. We did not anticipate turn to be down 100 of basis points, couple of hundred basis points where it was last year. So that certainly helped us out and on R&M side we had expectations that we can do better than we had laid out.  And we certainly we are striving for that, but the teams have executed really, really well and I don't want to take that for granted too early. So I would say we are pleased and we thought we had the opportunity to better R&M, but not necessarily, we are thrilled to see that even a little more than with them even in our best cases we might have thought.
Charles Young: No, we have been pretty consistent that we want to right size, Chicago and post merger, we actually grew. I think the team has done a really nice job of putting that portfolio in much better shape. I mean if you look at, we are starting to see a little bit better renewal growth, a little bit better new lease growth, teams executing at a much better rate, we are seeing cost to maintain get a bit better in that market. I think we have gotten out of assets that have been a bit more troublesome.  In terms of total revenue, the Midwest is stialright around 5% of our overall revenue and it's not part of our growth story. And to be totally clear, we do want to invest capital in the West Coast and in parts of markets in the Southeast that make the most sense. We will look at anything that makes sense for shareholders.  At the end of the day if there were an opportunity that we thought was accretive to shareholder value, we would look at it just like we would in terms of where we wanted to play dollars. So, I wouldn't say, John, that it's completely top of mind, but it would certainly look at anything that was ever opportunistic for our shareholders.
Charles Young: Yes. Thank you, Ryan, this is Charles. Both Dallas and Houston have really had really healthy growth over the last quarter-over-quarter. Dallas specifically where we see this as a growth market for ourselves, we are fan. Occupancy has really moved toward where we want it to be in the mid-95. You want to keep, moving up from there.  We were at 94.5 last year. Blended rent growth because of that occupancy we are starting to see some increase there. So it's a little bit of a combination of the market is solid, but as we mentioned on previous calls, we have a new leader in the market, who is executing well, building a great team around her and doing a wonderful job. Houston, we have been solid over the last little while. Occupancy in Q2 is 97.3, that is up over 200 basis points. We have done a lot to try to right size our portfolio, as I talked about looking at submarkets pruning out of there a little bit and getting it to the right size and because we are starting, we have that occupancy we are getting a little bit of rent growth out of that which we haven't had in a while.  So, we were over 3% blended rent growth in Q2. So we will see how that goes through peak season, you do get some seasonality in these markets depending when school starts, but right now we are happy with where our Texas portfolio sits.
Charles Young: Great question. And let me be really clear, we love Seattle. We love the market. We love the fundamentals around it. We love the job growth, all the positive demographics, people are moving there, there is really good activity in that market. We have seen a little dip in home prices which to earnings point earlier, has a lot of a little bit of a more of a buying window for us, which we see is in the long-term being very accretive.  I think in Seattle today we are over 3,000 homes, we would love to see that market get bigger over time and we just think and we have seen this as we have built out our portfolios, all of our Western markets quite frankly are great examples for this as we grow from 2,000 to 5,000 to 7,000 units.  Our margin enhancement gets much more robust and our ability to optimize the operating piece of our business gets much more efficient and so we are definitely going to monitor and if you saw negative growth or something like that, maybe you would pause and watch and see what is going on, but we don't see that happening.  We are getting now toward the kind of, that you had quite a bit of appreciation over the last couple of years and you expect it to probably call a little bit, but in terms of the demand that we are seeing, I mean on a blended basis, we are still 8% to 9% in the quarter on rate talks a lot about what is happening in terms of ability to find quality housing. So we don't see that as an issue.
Charles Young: I want to quantify what you mean by top tier was, I think what you know and I will take a stab at it. But I would say for us, we have always had a little bit higher price point asset than most of our peers and that is been delivered by design.  Every early in this business we figured out that the cost to replace a HVAC unit is for the most part, the same on a $1200 or $1300 rental as it is on $1800 or $1900 rental and so there is some longevity in terms of that approach as you think about total risk adjusted return laying out that expense factor in your numbers. I think you are right in that as the market softens as maybe there is less international buyers coming into places like Southern California, Seattle, parts of the West Coast that specifically have had a lot of pressure from foreign buyers that could be helpful to us in terms of an opportunity.  So I would agree with you there and I think we are seeing some of that in some of those markets where we are seeing a bit more supply. Let's be clear, we are not seeing six to eight or nine months of supply in still a lot of these markets, we are seeing healthier numbers like 3, 4, or 5 months of supply and so for us, we hope that will lend itself to some additional opportunity.
Ernie Freedman: Thank you, Charles. Today, I will cover the following topics. One, balance sheet and capital markets activity, two financial results for the second quarter and three, updated 2019 guidance. First, I will cover capital markets activity where we opportunistically refinanced one of our near-term maturities and continue to delever. In June, we further diversified our capital sources by closing our first ever term loan from a life insurance company. Loan has a 12-year term and principal amount of $403 million.  Total cost of funds is fixed at 3.59% for the first 11 years and floats at LIBOR plus 147 basis points in the 12th year. Structural features of the loan also provide for more flexibility in collateral release and substitution rights than our other secured financings to-date. With the proceeds from this loan and other cash on hand, we repaid $529 million of higher cost secured debt in the second quarter, now leaves us with no debt maturing prior to 2022. In July, we voluntarily prepaid an additional $50 million of secured debt. Also in July, we completed settling conversions of our 2019 convertible notes with common shares bringing net debt to EBITDA to 8.4 times, down from 9 times at the end of 2018. As we go forward, we will continue to prioritize debt prepayments in pursuit of an investment grade rating. Our liquidity at quarter end was approximately $1.1 billion through a combination of unrestricted cash and undrawn capacity on our credit facility. Moving on to our second quarter 2019 financial results, core FFO per share increased 5.2% year-over-year to $0.31 primarily due to an increase in NOI and lower cash interest expense. AFFO per share increased 4.1% year-over-year to $0.25. The last thing I will cover is our updated 2019 guidance. After maintaining strong execution through the first stage of our peak leasing and service season and with supply and demand remaining favorable, we are tightening and increasing our full-year 2019 same-store NOI growth guidance to 5% to 5.5% versus 4% to 5% previously. This is driven by same-store core revenue expectations of 4% to 4.5% up from 3.8% to 4.4% previously and same-store core expense expectations of 2% to 3%, down from 3% to 4% previously. We are also increasing our guidance for core FFO and AFFO in step with our same-store NOI guidance increase. We now expect full year 2019 core FFO of $1.23 to $1.29 per share versus $1.21 to $1.29 previously. AFFO is expected to be $1.01 to $1.07 per share versus $0.99 to $1.07 previously. Lastly on guidance, I want to remind everyone of 2 things that will impact our results in the back half of the year from a timing perspective. First, given the progression of occupancy in 2018, occupancy comps will not be as favorable in the second half of 2019 as they were in the first half of 2019. Second, the year-over-year increase in real estate taxes is expected to be lower in the fourth quarter of 2019 than in the first three quarters of 2019. I will wrap up by reiterating Dallas' enthusiasm for the future. Fundamentals remain favorable, which we expect to continue driving strong revenue growth at the same time we enhance expense controls. Furthermore, we believe that our business is well positioned to succeed in all parts of the cycle. We are excited to begin creating more value in addition to organic growth as we ramp up our focus on enhancing the resident experience with ancillary services, value enhancing CapEx and other initiatives and last but not least, we remain active with our best-in-class investing platform to recycle capital, widen location and scale advantages within our portfolio and grow opportunistically in the right markets at the right time. With that Operator, would you please open up the line for questions.
Ernie Freedman: Hey Rich, this is Ernie. So far revenues put out a little better than we expected at the beginning of the year and hence why we are able to increase guidance here with the second quarter release. We had mentioned at the beginning is we expected that rents grow, your rental rate growth would be about 4% and we are actually doing a little better than that performance right there and then we talked about at the beginning of year and it's holding true is that in the beginning - in the first quarter, I think we had 80 basis point year-over-year increase in occupancy, second quarter was 40 basis point year-over-year.  We are not going to continue to see those types of numbers reaching in the second half of the year. We think - embedded in our guidance, we expect arches to be flat to just slightly up in the second half of the year to where it was last year and so you take a roughly 4% rental increase, roughly flat occupancy and then other income for us has been trending a little bit lower from a growth rate perspective then rental rate.  That math gets you to the second half of the year that is going to be not quite as robust as the first half is still very strong relative to where else you can see and puts us in a good spot for our 4.5% guidance for the year.
Ernie Freedman: Yes, sure. So again expenses, we have had some good surprises for the first half of the year and we will remind everyone that we are still in the middle of peak season when it comes to work orders, July books aren't quite closed yet.  And of course, August and September are still war months for us when you look at our footprint. So, we still want to be cautious as we think about expenses, just as we were earlier this year, both with our first set of guidance and our second set of guidance that we just set here. That said, Rich, real estate taxes are trending sort of exactly where we expected them to trend. We said at the beginning of the year, we thought for the year taxes would be up in the 5s, somewhere between 5% and 6% year-to-date, they are 5.9% and we have mentioned a couple of times that the fourth quarter is an easier comp for us in real estate taxes. We had a big adjustment that we had a book last year in the fourth quarter.  So we are kind of right on pace for where we thought we would be at real estate taxes, as where we really have the outperformance and the team has done a phenomenal job, is around repairs and maintenance turn, all the work that is being done in ProCare that Charles talked about in our learnings and getting better and we are hopeful to see that carry through for the second half of the year and we will do our best to try to beat the numbers that we have laid out there, but again, we just want to make sure we are being cautious about where we set our guidance for the year and put ourselves in a position to hopefully exceed expectations, but we will see how the rest of the year plays out.
Ernie Freedman: Yes, that is great question and you know we started, what we call our resident first look program almost two years ago, really in pilot to try to figure out the demand that was there and we have a little bit of data on our move-outs and why people are moving and for what reasons, and typically that number has been really small in terms of reason for home to move to home ownership.  But we know that as I mentioned earlier, there is an emotional connection to a lot of these properties for our residents and so when we make a decision from an asset management perspective to sell a home, majority of the time we will approach the resident first in those one-off scenarios and we probably have done about 150 to-date through the pilot and it's something that we look at from a perspective of not only building goodwill with our customer base, but just making sure that we are sensitive to the needs of families may or may not have and a lot of these families do want to purchase the Invitation Home that they have been in and so for us, it's been a great program.  There is a process where we have a dedicated team that reaches out, walks through the process that we are working through some asset management decisions and we think that potentially some could be sold and if you have any interest we would love to figure out how you can make this house your home and we don't offer any financing or anything like that.  We truly are just a seller, but we can typically have pretty good title relationships and things where we can help them find opportunities in market, if they are looking for those types of things.
Ernie Freedman: Yes, usually teams will kind of save up a little extra for the end of the year, just in case. So we actually got a little ahead on some of our G&A spend in some areas. So I think it's pretty ratable for the rest of the year. So we have seen in the first half of the year on G&A buck out, expect kind of a similar run rate. It may have a little noise quarter to quarter, but not materially different as you get into the second half of the year.  And then on the property management side there, I think it's kind of a similar story. You will see a materially different change in the second half of the year we spend and property management expense versus the first half of the year.
Ernie Freedman: Yes, for the move in reasons we don't track that formally, so we do note in the field people ask that question from time to time, we will have a formal mechanism to capture where someone is coming from and moving into in Invitation Homes house.  But on the move-outs, again consistently that the two reasons are to purchase a home in search of a life transition, interestingly enough this is the first quarter we have seen life transition was just a little bit more than purchasing home for the reason for move-out and we did see this quarter again that the reason to move out being a purchase of homes is down year-over-year. So at every quarter but 1 in the last 10 that is been the case and in the one quarter it wasn't, it was basically flat. So we continue to see a reason to buy a home to trend down and then this is the first time just barely we saw the Life transition to be the number one reason why someone has moved out versus buying a home.
Dallas Tanner: Thanks, Doug. Yes, happy to. As I already mentioned, we are going to look for some of these opportunities in the right places at the right time as well and we are certainly seeing a bit more opportunity in the last couple of quarters in terms of grinding our incremental buying through our platform. I mentioned in my comments that we still see through a variety of channels, opportunities that are at pretty attractive return profile.  So, I would expect that will maintain an opportunistic approach that if and when we see opportunity to make sense we could then look for meaningfully ways to add to our portfolio. I think one of the benefits of being local is that we do get to see a lot of stuff off market and things that are brought to us in advance of maybe a public sale and so for us, we are going to continue to look for those opportunities.
Dallas Tanner: No. If you look at the balance of where we are having some of our greatest expansion in terms of rate growth and home price appreciation, certainly our West Coast markets are outperforming. A market like Phoenix is a good example of this, where over the last three months in a row we have been north of 10% from a new lease growth perspective.  We are seeing some interesting opportunities in that market. We have been able to do some things like buy directly from some boutique homebuilders in that market in Q2 and if look to do the same in markets like Seattle.  I would expect our mix to be relatively consistent with what we have done over the past couple of years, which is continue to find higher barrier to entry submarkets and parts of the West and parts of the Southeast that will continue to lend itself to that outperformance
Dallas Tanner: Sure. Hi Shirley, thanks this is Dallas. We are excited, we talk about our business really in two buckets. In the first piece being kind of the real estate ops piece which Ernie and I answered in previous questions. The second bucket is really this customer experience side of our business and we are really focused on making sure that we can deliver a best-in-class experience for our customers, which we believe will lend itself to better performance in some of those ancillary targets and other income opportunities.  Specifically, as a company, we have rolled out things around Smart home and have piloted a couple of smaller initiatives historically. Where we think there is room to improve, specifically, is around the smart home offerings and some of the added features that we can add to that package. Remember, our adoption rate has historically been between 75% and 80% and something like that.  So we are experimenting with pricing and some different offerings that we think will lend itself to even better performance hopefully in that category. The other part of what we think could drive a stickier experience for our customers may set around pets, insurances.  Some different offers working with some national partners, we are researching a bunch of kind of interesting and what we think are fine initiatives that will not only lend itself to some other ancillary, but probably make the overall experience better, which we think could potentially have a benefit to even better retention.  So if we do it right and we continue to deliver and we deliver that in a way that it feels meaningful, personal and creates connection between our customers and the property, we think it will have a lot of impact to our business.
Dallas Tanner: Yes, so Shirley. Well, I would say it's like any business, you are always looking to do things better and improve. The procurements are certainly a great example. We continue to see good opportunities to leverage our scale, both on a national basis and a regional basis. At some point, we would be doing that whether there is a merger or not. That is how we kind of stop tracking merger synergy to this point, as we put the merger and integration behind us about a quarter ago. That said, we have a dedicated team and they are working hard at that and I think it's one of the many things that can help us in terms as we continue to have margin expansion going forward, as we can leverage our buying power and importantly on the procurement side, it's not just on the operating expense side that would impact our NOI margins but certainly very importantly is on the capital side.  So now things around are the appliance packages we put in, as an example, is a capital item. There is some great opportunities there too, so I think it's just going to contract by contract, working our way down from the national to the regional, all the way to local levels we are continuing to see - hoping to find some more opportunities and some more nuggets for us do slowly, but continually improve our margins.
Dallas Tanner: Well, without giving any real specific guidance, because we can't really do that here. We certainly are looking to right size the portfolio post merger in terms of just making sure we have the right allocations and submarkets and at the market level.  You saw that we are pretty active through the first two quarters of this year in markets like South Florida and Chicago, and by way of just making sure that I'm really clear here, we will always be looking at the bottom performing parts of our portfolio, that will be ordinary course for us. I would bet that our activity for this year stays pretty consistent, but I wouldn't expect that we have a whole lot more to coal generally speaking.
Dallas Tanner: I think we want to look at anything that makes sense right. And I think at that point, we would have to look at whatever the best available cost of capital. that is in line with our general strategy would be. And so we could have a number of tools. We have a revolver that is available if we needed something in a moment's notice, we could always use a tool of issuing if we thought it makes sense or we can just continue to recycle and make smart investments.
Dallas Tanner: Well, I think my thoughts on build-to-rent have been pretty consistent and I think as a team, we feel the same way. We want to implore every channel to make sense, but we never want to compromise our approach to location. And so for us, if something is in the right location, we are agnostic of necessarily which channel comes through.  Now built to rent is really interesting because there is a couple of things that are going on. There is more of a garden-style apartment approach, which are smaller plots, smaller square footages which are typically done on hut financing and people are calling it build to rent and then there is communities that are being built with fit and finishes and square footage standards that line up with a single-family neighborhood that are usually much more synonymous with the product that we would own. And we certainly get approached by a lot of different angles, in terms of opportunities. We get calls all the time on that. We are open- minded to looking at buying in scale from builders, but the locations have to be in the right spots and then also the fit-finish standards, the types of sizing around square footage and what the overall amenities in that neighborhood is going to have to it good way into our decisions. Specific on your question around price, I think price does a nice job of separating church and state between the two companies. It has been terrific in terms of inside and what you are seeing in the homebuilding space, like the other members of our Board, who are close to a lot of different types of real estate. So, we certainly are going to continue to look at those opportunities and we have made some good strides, I think, with local builders and markets and have been able to review a lot of opportunity.
Dallas Tanner: Please Drew, [indiscernible] try and answer the question yourself there with the way you led that. Right, we haven't provided specific level of guidance for that, I will say is, we are actually performing a little bit better than expectations on the CapEx side and much better than expectations on the OpEx side when it to recurring cost in total around and net cost to maintain.  Part of the reason why we are confident in being able to raise AFFO range as well as FFO range is because of that behavior. So, not in a position to provide specific guidance as to how it may look relative to the first half of the year, but on overall basis, on a net cost to maintain perspective where we at the beginning of the year through we had said we thought it would be flat to up 3% and we feel pretty confident at this point that flat would be the high end of the range now in terms of where would be and maybe actually slightly down year-over-year for us.
Dallas Tanner: Yes, already I talked a little bit what has happened so far this year and without giving guidance, give you some thoughts about how we see things going in the future. This year, we talked about it last quarter. We had a significant good guy in the State of Washington, specifically with Seattle. I understand the multifamily guys are seeing that as well to surround some legislation changes that happened there.  We were pleasantly surprised - we are not surprised to see that Texas came in hot for us this year in terms of coming in high. We have had more field success than we would have anticipated so far and what we have gone - that is gone through the process here in Texas. Georgia is also running a little bit on the high side, but we haven't seen millage rate were in the appeal process there, so want to see what Georgia plays out and of course, importantly for us, our real estate tax bill really comes down in the State of Florida and we will have better information on Florida in the next month or two. When the assessments are finalized, the millage rates come out kind of in the October, November timeframe for Florida. As a matter, Florida is about 40% of our tax bill. That said, looking to the future, I think one important differentiators for us and we will get some more stability in the real estate tax line are really for two reasons, one is 20% of our portfolio is in California and we have talked about in the past and it was a little bit of a sore spot for us last year that reassessments are allowed upon corporate events and-or sale activity in California, and we were dealing with four different of those events over the last two years, when you look at the merged companies. Most of that noise is run through our numbers at this point, there is still a few more to come through, but the vast majority of that stuff is in at this point. So, California is going to reset to kind of just that normal 2% growth you see under prop 13 . So that is an important differentiator for us in terms of thinking about real estate taxes. And then we are in part of the reason why we are seeing some external growth opportunity as well is that we are seeing home price appreciation continued to be positive and continue to grow, but not at the rates that we have seen in the last couple of years that usually earns in a year or two later in the assessment process.  So longer term I think real estate taxes are stored risk to probably grow higher than inflation with the exception of California, but certainly not at the rates that we have seen in the last couple of years as home price appreciation has been so strong. So, this year we think real estate taxes will be somewhere in the 5% to 6% range as I stated earlier. There seems to be a momentum that would allow for that is start coming in a little bit more over the next few years without providing specific guidance for specific years going forward.
Dallas Tanner: Well, we have, Florida we assumed a relatively healthy assumption in terms of the growth rate, it within our numbers and I don't want to give you the specifics on that, but certainly not flat.
Dallas Tanner: Sure. Well, as Florida 0% which is 40%. I'm doing some math on the fly here. California is 2%, which is at another 20%, assume for the rest of the portfolio certainly higher than inflation without we only give guidance for specific markets, but if it's 40%, your number is zero, you are going to be at a really good starting place in terms of where that would be and it needs to be clear to everyone. We are not saying, if we think Florida is going to be 0% plenty of that just presumption here just and I think you throw it.
Dallas Tanner: If you look at every assessment, we deal with third party, Derek, who helps us out, but we don't necessarily fight every single one that comes through. In some jurisdictions, you have to pay a fee to fight on a home by home basis and so we don't want to take on that expense, we don't think we have a legitimate opportunity to win, and then in California, which again is 20% of our portfolio, there is less, we have falling home prices, there is really not much to do there.
Dallas Tanner: I just want to thank everyone for joining us again today, we appreciate everyone's interest in Invitation Homes. We look forward to seeing many of you at our upcoming conferences and our Investor Day in October. Operator, this concludes our call.
Hardik Goel: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Just focusing on taxes and such a big item on expenses, the run rate this year you have kind of outlined, just looking ahead and you look across your markets where appeals have come through and tax rates have been decided, what do you see going into the future as far as how much that line can kind of grow and how are the different pieces, if you look at your regions, which ones are kind of overburden.
Hardik Goel: That is great, thanks for the color. Just one quick follow-up, if you will, indulge me. If Florida is flat. Let's say Florida doesn't change. What is the percentage growth rate in your tax rate on the same-store pool roughly like to give to speculate on a range.
Hardik Goel: On 2020 I mean. Let's assume hypothetically 2020 Florida taxes don't increase, what are the full portfolio tax growth rate then become if Florida is 0% growth.
