Charles Young: Yes. Hi, Alex, it’s Charles. Yes. So the West Coast has really been driving our results. You look from Seattle into California and over to Phoenix, we've had increases in Q1 on occupancy across the board. And our year-over-year renewal and new lease rates, blended rent growth is up. So all positive signs, where we've been really excited in addition to the West Tampa and Texas have shown really good results in both occupancy and rate. In Denver, it had some really good occupancy pushes as well. We're out in the low sixes in terms of our renewal ask and there's usually a spread from the asked to actual achieved.
Charles Young: Yes. No, good question. Look, as we finalize the integration, we realized that there was some improvement we could do in the HOA management process. And so as a result of that our accrual was off on HOA expense line. This is really attributable to the merger. It shouldn't be considered recurring. We expect this short term true-up to be resolved by the end of Q2. And the great news is today after being done with the integration and having the right process in place, we have the right personnel and we're confident that we're well positioned to manage the HOA responsibility smoothly like we did pre-merger.
Charles Young: Yes. Hi. So this is Charles. I’ll answer the first question. The way that we have set our lease expiration curve is the high demand season is Q2, Q3 as families are moving. So we really set our rents based on the market and demand that's out there. From our expirations kind of mess with that, so what you'll see is a higher new lease growth in that a high demand season and that renewals will kind of stay steady and both have been really strong for us, really proud of what the teams have been doing. It's just great performance overall, given the integration as well. So that's kind of how we see the demand come to the summer on the new lease side.
Charles Young: Yes. This is Charles. So in terms of the actual turning of our homes in terms of a construction and rehab, we were in the 15 days in Q1. What you'll see though, that's a little bit of a seasonal metric as demand gets a little higher in Q2, Q3. It's trending up a little bit in April, but that's typical, but 15 days is where we want to be and we're always looking for efficiency to bring that down. In terms of churn, I think you're referring to days of re-residence, so from and move-out to move-in, we're about where we were last year in Q1, but we're seeing good trends down in April that's very positive.
Charles Young: All right. Thanks for the question. This is Charles. Nothing special about the homes that turned, I think, as we said, the tailwinds at our back is helpful for the industry in general. But we think turnover is low because of the quality of our resident service and the quality of our homes. Teams, as I said, are really executing well. Now that we're on one platform, it's working in our favor. And Dallas mentioned earlier, affordability is also a factor. So we were really focused on what we can control and that's putting out great service and quality home.
Charles Young: Yes, I think a little bit of both. As we put the portfolios together, we were being thoughtful around that lease expiration curve. So that had some help. But look, demand is healthy, we're executing well, we got to the single platform ahead of schedule and it's paying dividends. We will continue to provide high quality service and we think over the long-haul it'll help us. You put all that together and then the teams are really doing the – what the best they can do out there. I can't thank them enough, really best-in-class. So it's a lot of execution in the field.
Charles Young: Yes. So thanks Haendel, we're really focused in on the execution that we did in Q4 and Q1. Teams put up a great cost controls with a lot of the systems that we discussed that we implemented late last year. It's added real benefit I think what's left for us to do with the implementation of ProCare to roll that out as we finish the integration and train everybody on it and get that kind of internal system and partnership with the resident going. We also have in the future fleet management, that's coming out that's going to have some benefit. So it's hard to quantify exactly what that's going to be. We've put up good numbers. We're going to continue to execute. As Ernie said, peak season is the litmus test and that's upcoming here. So hard to predict, but we're doing what we're supposed to. And what we said we were going to do and we're executing well and we're going to continue to focus.
Charles Young: Yes, John. I'd say, if you look at our supplementals you've seen Vegas has really ramped up in terms of new lease growth rates in the last year for us. And the vast proportion of the portfolio was in Vegas. So just the embedded lost the lease in the portfolio is higher than we would typically see in our portfolio. So between that and then the fact they were running at a very high occupancy, so we don't think they were pushing as much as we might have chosen to do. And they were choosing to run the business a little bit differently. It gives us confidence that we've got potentially an opportunity for some rent bumps on that portfolio as leases turn.
Charles Young: Yes. Typically we'll see occupancy go down in Q2, Q3 as we talked about the turnover of volume. So we do think that April, while we came in high, as we go deeper into the summer, we're going to see that occupancy number trend down.
Charles Young: To date, we really haven't sold much through the iBuyer platforms. It's something we certainly considered Jade, it's a good question. We've been more of an acquire of properties I should say, through the iBuyer platforms. But we certainly look at it as another form for us to be able to transact. And as they develop their systems get a bit more robust and a bit more user friendly, you could certainly anticipate they were especially on some of our vacant or end user sales that we might choose to sell through some of those platforms.
Charles Young: On a year-over-year basis just up, just a bit. Not much more than anything that's been normal. Typically been between 22% and 25% of our move outs. And it's still kind of right in that range depending on the month and the quarter.
Ernie Freedman: Sure. Yes, we had talked about the total net cost to maintain, which is both the OpEx and CapEx. We thought we'd be up about 3% year-over-year. The great outperformance by the team in the first quarter actually has allowed us to revise those expectations that we'd expect to be more in the in the slats to 3% increased range. So definitely it should be a little bit better than we talked about a little bit earlier this year.
Ernie Freedman: Yes. There’s a few things, Nick, I appreciate you’re asking the question. One, we'll see interest expense to tick up for the remainder of the year. As we disclosed in our quarterly 10-Qs, number of the swaps that we inherited in the merger were step up swaps, where it having one rate for the entire swap period. It started with a lower rate and progressed to a higher rate over the three, five, seven year term of the swap. And so a number of those swaps reset in the first half of the year. And so we do expect on a full year basis, if you were to annualize that $1.30, I would reduce that by about $0.02 just for the step up swaps, Nick. In addition, and we talked about this and there's some footnotes in our supplemental around it. Currently, the convertible notes that we have that come due July 1. Those will convert to shares at that point. We're treating those though at this point still with the debt, because we're still paying interest expense on those. But that is slightly diluted when they convert to shares in the second half of the year. That's what it costs for roughly a $0.005 on the $1.30 that you mentioned. So those two items alone bring us down to more like $1.27, $1.28. Then the other two things I point out is that, the business is a little seasonal. We do see expenses ramp up and margins decline in the third quarter. That's our peak. Certainly season for work orders, mainly around HVAC, so typically in third quarter, you'll see that historically waffle a bit lower for margin. So to annualize the first quarter for NOI would be slightly off from that. And then finally, teams are generally pretty conservative with their G&A spent in the first half of the year to save up some money for the second half of the year. So you'll see G&A ramp up a bit as we go into the second, third and fourth quarter. All those things combined would bring you down from the $1.30 number that you mentioned to something that's more than just toward the midpoint of our guidance range.
Ernie Freedman: Well, we’re certainly off to a really good start in terms of meeting our capital allocation goals for 2019. In terms of bulk, we maintain a pretty steady approach. You've seen that in the last quarter, fourth quarter of 2018, we're really active on the disposition side, or we had sold a number of portfolios. And if and when those opportunities present themselves to us, we certainly – we'll take a look both from a buy or a sell perspective. In this particular circumstance, it was a portfolio we've been familiar with for a number of years, as a competitor of ours in the market and we definitely like the footprints of both Las Vegas and Atlanta, in terms of the assets that we bought. And I would expect for us, surely through the remainder of the year, it's kind of maintain our normal guidance. I think we talked about being in somewhere between $300 million to $500 million of both buying and selling this year with kind of a net neutral focus, but we'll definitely pay attention to what comes in front of us during the summer months. There are a few smaller opportunities out there but nothing of real scale right now that would lead us to change our perspective.
Ernie Freedman: No, in fact it's been pretty consistent. I mean we've seen some small rate volatility over the past couple of years, but more or less homeownership rates have been pretty constant between 64% and 65% for the better part of the best last couple of years, where we see some bigger shifts is in really affordability and that option to be able to lease as much more attractive than it is perhaps to own in many of our markets today. Roughly 15 of our 17 markets have pretty good dislocation in terms of the affordability factor, pushing maybe customers preferably into a leasing decision versus ownership.
Ernie Freedman: And Derek, regarding guidance, first quarter on the revenue line came in – where we expect them to be slightly ahead of expectations. We had signaled that the first quarter was going to be our easiest quarter from an occupancy comp perspective. We're not going to continue to maintain an 80 basis point increase year-over-year in occupancy like we did in the first quarter. So we had mentioned that we thought in rental rate would be up around 4% plus or minus and occupancy will be a little bit better and that was how you'd get to our guidance range of 3.8% to 4.4%. That said [Audio Dip] team kept executing as well as they are on rate as they did in the first quarter as they did in April. He went over the April numbers. That would certainly give us the opportunity to do at the midpoint or slightly better a with revenue. But we started a little bit too early in the year yet to make an adjustment on that based on where we're at currently. But we'll keep an eye on it and, and we'll see how things play out during the second quarter.
Ernie Freedman: And there is really hard for us to make a bold prediction on whether turnover will continue to be down year-over-year like it's been overall. And as I was mentioned in the prepared remarks, it's at 31% on a trailing 12-month basis. That's the lowest we've seen. So it's certainly hard to predict that it go lower still, but it certainly is there is that opportunity, but though we're not in a position to make a prediction on, where that may go over in the next few quarters. But we would feel really good where it's at right now and the way we're delivering service, we certainly see the opportunity to keep turnover on the low end of the scale.
Ernie Freedman: Yes. Just off the top of my head, Jason, a 1,000 less turns – our turns typically run about a $1,000 of operating expense, I assume that $1,500 of operating expense. So I'd say that certainly about a 1 point, 1.5 points may have come from that. Most of it's come from the fact that the teams are just performing better. And the things that Charles talked about came through for us in today’s with regards to what we're trying to do on the R&M, so lower turnover certainly was a portion of it, but not the majority of it.
Ernie Freedman: Sure. So we had signaled, Rich, that we expect the taxes to be up in the 5%s for the year, because we've had good home price appreciation. And we also mentioned that we thought the fourth quarter would be our best quarter because we'd had the tough comp. So we actually came in a little better than an expectation that the 4.8% and what drove that was the State of Washington actually put out some legislation that limited millage rate increases. And we weren't anticipating that. So State of Washington, we have – we're unique, we have a portfolio of about 3,500 homes in Seattle, it was a bigger good guy than we would have anticipated and that will carry through for the rest of the year. So that helped us. But I will caution everyone that, Washington is one of the few states that that comes out early. Texas does as well. The majority of what we'll find out about real estate taxes, we'll start heading in September and October, especially our bigger states like Florida, Georgia. And so we've got a ways to go, but at least the first quarter put us on a path to be about where we expected with regards to real estate taxes.
Ernie Freedman: Yes, I think that's probably the right way to think about it, Rich. We were happy with how things have happened, but it will be our first time going through peak work order quarter season on the new systems and we want to be cautious and inappropriately, so when setting our guidance. You matched the correct math, it certainly implies that the number's going to go up. And let's be perfectly clear with everyone, we do not expect flat growth for the rest of the year. We did, we would revise guidance even through further still. We still want to make sure we're being smart about how we're looking at it and things happen. And so we want to make sure we're trying to leave some room for that as well. So we feel good about the numbers. We're certainly pleased with how the first quarter came in. And we're helping us to set ourselves up to have a successful remainder of the year with regards to expense control.
Ernie Freedman: Yes, Hardik, this is Ernie. It’s almost entirely due to the merger and integration, where last year we did staffing this time of year that was full, with regards to the platform. We started seeing savings with regards to personnel and other as we rolled it further into 2018. As we gotten in 2019, we just gotten with the integration being completed and we're just about at our final staffing levels. So it's really the staffing levels that drove that from the integration.
Ernie Freedman: Yes. Haendel, I'll take a swing at it. This is Ernie. And I think two of the components, we've talked about it before, I think, we're not going to be much different broadly in general residential. So we’ve laid the equal of the view that residential will be inflationary plus, we probably saw that and that they think it's going to be inflationary. We're probably there are things when you see inflationary minus. I think there's two though important differentiators for us, where we are as an industry and as a company versus the broader residential community, which I talk about the multifamily. One is real estate taxes are a bigger component of our expenses, then they are in residential, because we're not a commercial product. We're residential product. We're close at 50% of our expenses come from real estate taxes and we're in the best markets when it comes to home price appreciation. So that may lend you to think that we will be a little more inflationary plus because of that. Offsetting that, I think at least for the near term, is that we're still in early stages of running as an industry and as a business. So there's opportunities for efficiencies. And Charles mentioned a couple of those around fleet management around ProCare and things like that. So at least for the near term, you'd hope to have some things there that would help offset that. But I think overall, this business has been around for hundreds and hundreds of years. There's only been institutionalized for the last few years and it's worked for folks for the last hundreds and hundreds of years to be able to operate a single family homes. And I'd like to think we can do it a little bit better with the scale that we have and the expertise that we have and the technology capabilities we have that others don't. So hopefully that all washes out to be a very similar profile that you would see in the broader residential world.
Ernie Freedman: I'm going to pass that over to Dallas, as he's – certainly, it’s been one of his big focuses, where he's sitting now.
Ernie Freedman: Yes. Thanks, Buck. We've always talked about we'll be opportunistic when it comes to – we have opportunities to delever or opportunities to externally grow. And certainly the share price behaving better, that may give us some more opportunities. But where does the share price, it stayed still significantly under consensus NAV and where we think NAV is as well. And so to use the shares or equity to delever, that level is a difficult decision to make. And probably one, we wouldn't want to make, we want to see some better performance there. But we'll always leave all options on the table. And with regards to the external growth, we've been successful and able to fund that through capital recycling. But certainly, again, as the share price behaves, that opens up some more avenues to us. And then it's just a question of finding the right opportunities. So we're very cognitive with that, we talk to the board often about that. And we're pleased in where things have headed and we'll start to see where things play out as we go forward.
Ernie Freedman: Yes, great question. And fundamentally you nailed it in terms of the things that we think about in terms of growing our footprint and trying to find the right size and scale. And you hear us say this over and over when we see you guys at conferences and other things, but scale really matters in this business. And so the Las Vegas, example is, one that we can talk about here briefly for a moment. As you think about our footprint there, with that acquisition, it took our Las Vegas footprint about 2,700 homes. And prior to the merger, Invitation Homes was plus or minus, say I want to say, 1,100, 1,200 homes in the Las Vegas market. And we think about the growth and the margin expansion with Las Vegas similar to what we saw in other markets like Phoenix, we started these businesses. Phoenix was a market for us, it was in the kind of the low to mid 60s. In our world today, Phoenix is a low 70s market and that comes through a couple of things. One is scale and footprint because we get more efficient. Charles and his team do a fabulous job in terms of creating efficiencies around those pods, those groups that manage a portfolio for us. And about 2,700, 2,800 homes is about the perfect size for us right now for a pod. So that makes us extremely efficient. There shouldn't be additional G&A additions with an acquisition like that. And then furthermore, your question around how does that leverage the other parts of your portfolio? Well, as Charles and the team look at efficiencies around route optimization for our maintenance techs or the way that we stock our vans with the certain types of supplies and things like that are certainly our work order and our maintenance efficiencies get much more enhanced. And then to add to that on the revenue side, anytime we have another mark in the portfolio or in the book in a market, it makes us that much more competitive to understand what our rates are doing relative to our peers.
Ernie Freedman: I think longer-term Sam, the math would tell you that would be the case, that if you could bring your days to resident down further, and we've done that in April, it's about two or three days better this year than last year and turnover stays low. You can do a quick math exercise, let's say that absolutely that on a stabilized basis, low 97% type occupancy over the course of a year is achievable. And in April we ended up at 96%, so that I would agree with that.
Ernie Freedman: Yes. That's exactly what it is, because we had to file three shelves, one for Blackstone's selling it shares, one for Starwood Waypoint – Starwood Capital in case they want to do some shares and then the company has a shelf as well. And really those costs spread across all three of those. Now we aren't using our shelf today. But it is out there. If we did one issue, common equity, and that's just normal course with regards to how the shareholder agreements and things are written. And so it's about a third of a penny. In terms of cost is a onetime cost associated with it. So the Blackstone does further transactions. The only cost that would be associated with those Mike would be comfort letters and things like that and much more smaller amount of legal costs associated with future offerings. But it's standard course for the first time when you get it set up for the company, pick that up.
Ernie Freedman: Yes, I can understand that. You kind of said what it was, it was a small amount, we want to call it out so people could see it very specifically. It's onetime and a little more expensive than usual because three shelves that'd be filed versus one that company would do in the future. And shelves you do every few years. But it's fair feedback Michael. We wanted give more disclosure and let people do with it what they thought.
Ernie Freedman: No. They should be pretty consistent, Michael. So I'd have to check to see why we might ended up with an extra tens of thousands of dollars that might have rolled in separate from that, that were also in that line, but I don't have an accounting for that on top of my head.
Ernie Freedman: Yes. And so I'm pleased to hear that it's doing so well this morning. We've been preparing for the call, so I haven't been paying attention to the fact that it's gone up from this morning. So that's good to see. But I say Michael is and we actually pulled the analyst models and I don't think everyone reports into those numbers and we can get to a number that's closer to 26.5% for what the analysts set out there. So I'm calling that consensus, understanding other people to different consensus numbers. Regardless, we have a different view on where NAV and we haven't disclosed NAV since our IPO. Yes, it's just like any other public company. We'll use that as a source for capital for us. On the deleveraging side, we have a very state balance sheet today. We'd like to get to investment grade faster if we could. We weren't going to do that by diluting current shareholders. We don't have that need, that requirement. But certainly, it's a like – it's a preference to get to investment grade as fast as we can. And we'll keep that option open for us if the stock price continues to perform and do better. And then regardless, Dallas and Charles come from very acquisitive backgrounds. They both worked in the private world and you've seen what they were able to build in the predecessor companies and we've done here. So we'll certainly look very carefully at what our best cost of capital for us, if we found the right external growth opportunities, Michael. So I'd like to thank management and everyone, board is align line with all of our shareholders and we want to get accomplished there.
Ernie Freedman: Well, I say it's different things. So anytime that the company is thinking about issuing equity, Michael, it's a decision of our board. So management will go to the Board of Directors and say whatever reason, whether Blackstone is potentially selling at that point, Starwood selling that point or anyone else. We think there's an opportunity for us to issue equities and/or at other times we'd have engaged in discussion with our Board before what we thought was right for the company. And Blackstone, you'd have to ask Blackstone with regards to how they're choosing – to set how much they want to sell, when they want to sell and things like that. We're certainly are privy to that. And if there's opportunity for us to be efficient and do it all at the same time, then we would get together and do what makes the most sense for the shareholders to get that accomplished. Blackstone first and foremost, is focused on what makes sense for the shareholders. And they certainly, made their intentions known and what they want to do, but they also have – as you know, Michael, a lot of shares to sell and they want to make sure they're doing that in the smartest way as they've demonstrated with the other platform companies. And today they've demonstrated with Invitation Homes. So I'd expect nothing less than that going forward.
Ernie Freedman: I'll answer that one, John it's Ernie. We've actually see bad trends are consistent year-over-year within a few basis points and we haven't seen any outliers in any markets positive or negative. It's all been relatively consistent on a year-over-year basis.
Dallas Tanner: Yes. Hi, Nick, this is Dallas. On the in-place in terms of just pricing day-one, it's kind of like a 5.7%, 5.8% depending on kind of renewals and things that are going on near term. And that I'd say that, the way to think about that is that, we've modeled that will turn about a third of that portfolio every year. And we'd see that, call it spot cap rate getting the low sixes over the next couple of years.
Dallas Tanner: Thanks, Ernie. Hi, Haendel. A couple of things we're working on, as you know, we've done a really good job with our Smart Home implementation and adoption rates. Those adoption rates today are somewhere between 75%-plus or minus. And we're looking to enhance some of those offerings. In fact, working on some of this stuff, I wouldn't expect a lot of it to be 2019, but more 2020 type of events as you start to think about the way that we could see other income grow within our business. And there's certainly a number of other areas that would fall into kind of two buckets. One would be, things that we're currently doing, like Smart Home that we can do better and we see an opportunity in our structure around pets and some of the things that we're doing there for our residents currently. We know that roughly 50% to 60% of our residents have pets. And we think there's other offerings and things that fit into those that we're now trying to work through and to see what kind of experience we can provide it centers around some of that. We believe that's also an emotional factor for the leasing lifestyle in terms of keeping our customers longer and providing an experience that feels stickier. And so then there are other things that we're working on outside of that that are maybe newer from an ancillary perspective. Are there other ways that we can perhaps make the experience as we onboard a new resident better by using things like deposit insurance versus deposits. And there's revenue streams that are associated with those types of things. Those are a few of the examples of things that we're working on. And they are near and dear to us kind of post merger integration, so that we can start to roll these out on a unified system. And the delivery mechanisms for that how we do that is really important. So we are focused on it.
Dallas Tanner: Yes. It's a little bit of a tricky question, John in terms of what we've sold, I have to go back and look and where in some. The NOI growth probably more or less is kind of along the lines of what you'd see from the company. Maybe a little bit less. And that's one of the reasons why we might be selling some of these homes. Remember, we do sell for reasons outside of just – I mean, obviously NOI growth is key and something that we focused on. We want to make sure that the homes in our portfolio long-term are ones that are going to provide some of the best risk adjusted returns to shareholders. What we typically been doing so far through the first four months of the year and much of like what you saw in fourth quarter is we've been selling homes that are either A, an outlier geography or parts of the portfolio that just really inefficient for us to manage. B, homes that are either suboptimal in nature because of finish, potential CapEx risk down the road or C, we've been selling homes that had been bigger too. We have homes in our footprints that are too big from a square footage standpoint. And so if you look at the types of homes that we're typically buying, our sweet spots kind of between 1,600 and 2,200 square feet, 2,300 square feet. And so for those variety of reasons, we might be a net seller and typically we see lower growth coming out of some of those homes.
Dallas Tanner: It would vary again to my earlier points around square footages and geographies. We have different fit and finish standards. For example, in a home like Seattle where we might put down vinyl plank flooring every time. And so if a homework coming through our asset management review in that market, we would certainly take into consideration some of those longer-term CapEx needs that home might need. Whereas maybe a home in one of our warmer Southwest markets may have a little bit different CapEx approach and our margins may be better. So we may be inclined to keep that home a bit longer. It all goes into kind of the cycle of how we do our rebuy analysis on a home by home basis.
Dallas Tanner: Yes. I think, to just high single digits from a rent perspective, in terms of where we think there's immediate turn on these rents as they renew. And then also kind of going in price. As I mentioned earlier, being kind of 5.7, 5.8 on an in place cap raise is much higher than we typically are able to see in that marketplace. Vegas is a hard market to buy in. So we're actually thrilled with our ability to buy this type of portfolio.
Dallas Tanner: Really like we said before, really set by market and we look at a number of factors that determine what that price will be. We'll go out with healthy assets as we talked about in the low 6's. But we want to find that right balance between keeping occupancy and minimizing turnover. And our revenue management teams working with the field teams do a great job of finding that right balance. So market sets it. And also we – it's our performance on the resident customer service that we're providing and do they want to stay with us and we'd been doing better and better as our teams are really focused on making sure we create a great resident experience. And so demand is looking good for us.
Dallas Tanner: When we underwrote, we expected the revenues to be – we didn't really dig into the expense history so much on their side. We just, when we model a bulk acquisition, we'll look to see what's happening from an R&M perspective on that portfolio. But we'll run it through our model Wes, with regards, we expect margins to be. That said, based on – we're in the cap rate, we came out for us. We think it was a win-win, it was a win for the sellers for where they could run the portfolio, I think they got a fair price and they were clearly pleased with that otherwise we wouldn't have moved forward. On the flip side, we think it's a win for us because it was a little bit of a different model in terms of how we want to run the revenue side, what we would do on the expense side. So whether we have an uplift or not from where they are. We're comfortable with that we'll get this to our margins. And as we talked about earlier, especially in a market like Vegas, we increased our footprint by almost 10%, allow us to run even more efficiently across the entire footprint of Las Vegas. Not so much with Atlanta, with only a couple of them – only about 100 homes, we buy in Atlanta with 12,000 it was a little unhappy, will have much of a difference there, but certainly allows us in one of the best markets today and one of the fastest growing market today Vegas to increase our footprint and improve the margins across the whole portfolio in Vegas.
Dallas Tanner: Thanks for joining us today. We appreciate everyone's interest in Invitation Homes. We're excited about where we are today with our business and the opportunities in front of us. And we look forward to seeing everyone, hopefully at NAREIT in June. Thank you.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, good morning out there. So I guess first kudos on the great expense results in the first quarter. Charles, I guess maybe for you. I'm curious just thinking more broadly longer term beyond some of the recent benefits from the improved systems and efficiencies and the merger synergies. What do you think now? The long term expense rate for your platform is after the merger synergies run out, after you get the systems kind of to where you want them.
Haendel St. Juste: Thank you for that and Erine, quick one while I have you. Can you talk a bit about some of the ancillary service initiatives you're pursuing here, potential impact and potential timing on revenue.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it. Thanks, Dallas. I appreciate that. And certainly we are looking intently on the rollout. Thank you.
