Ernie Freedman: As you saw, we accelerated our revenue growth from the first quarter to the second quarter from 4.1% growth rate of 4.5% growth rate. As you look at the second half of the year and as we've talked about in the past, we do have easier comps with regards to occupancy. And in fact in the month of July alone, we're 40 bps higher year-over-year. So we get a little more benefit out of occupancy with regards to having easier comp. And we expect to have good rental growth rate as well in the second half. But with the easier occupancy comp, we do believe that we will get to that 4.3% to 4.7% range with regards to our revenue for the full year.
Ernie Freedman: I understand when we have challenges in R&M, most of our R&M activity happens in the peak season, in the peak summer season. And so our opportunity to improve becomes smaller and smaller and it get to the end of the year. So it’s less work orders coming through the system, that’s across all of our markets. And so we do expect that these markets will get better by the end of the year, but it won’t have as meaningful impact as we would like, because there’s work orders on spread out evenly throughout the second half of the year. So our guidance does assume we continue to have challenges during the peak leasing season -- of course in peak service season, of course we’ll try to do better than that. But I want to make clear we talked about in the prepared remarks that our expectations around that is that baked into our are guidance is those issues will get resolved but it’s going to take well into the end of the year to make sure and then we’re into our best to see if we can do better than that.
Ernie Freedman: We do have -- we’re able to get ahead of some of our refinancing activity for maturities that were coming up in 2019, and the capital markets team here did a fantastic job executing for us. We do have 2020 and 2021 maturities there couple years out. But those could be good opportunities for us to consider some refinancing activity as against the latter half of this year or the beginning of next year where we could see some spread compression there as well. So we’ll be optimistic like we’ve been. We’re pleased before the balance sheet is at. We’re pleased with the fact that we’ve been able to extend our weighted average maturity. But we’re very committed to getting to where we want to as investment great balance sheet. And so the answer is -- and we could do some stuff here in the second half of the year. But at this point, we’re pretty pleased with what we’ve accomplished thus far, Doug.
Ernie Freedman: Yes, the two things with regards of our guidance. First is what we did say that in the third quarter, we'll have the most spend of between the two quarters and certainly this happened in the past so we'd expect that again. And the other thing is remember we had a more difficult comp in the fourth quarter. And you recall we had some things meet over to the first quarter this year with regards to R&M from some of those markets that were impacted by the hurricanes. Most of the R&M activity that was occurring in the fourth quarter in those markets was related to hurricane cleanup, and was not pull into R&M. So we actually had a lighter R&M number in the fourth quarter 2017 because of that creating a slightly more difficult comp for us in 2018. Hence you're exactly right. If you look at our guidance, year-to-date, we're at 4.3% but our guidance for the full year is 4.6 to 5.4. So that's why you see that trend as we go into the second half of the year.
Ernie Freedman: Drew, it's actually the latter of what you described. A lot of the impacts we see in repairs was OpEx where we're seeing the same challenge than as it carries over to repairs in maintenance CapEx. So we're not seeing a material change in our costs or anything like that in turn. But we are seeing that for the similar reasons with some of the challenges in those couple markets that Charles talk about that we're seeing that pressure on our CapEx, and wanted to make sure we reflected that in our guidance going forward specific for our capital replacement spending, which impacts to AFFO.
Ernie Freedman: Drew, no market is unencumbered completely by debt, but some markets certainly have a lower proportion of unencumbered debt than others, and that generally is an issue for us when we go to sell assets. With regards to all of us securitizations, almost all of them only have a one year lockout where there we have to pay yield maintenance on the floating rate securitizations. There is a couple of that two year, but they're almost at their point in time at where they expire. So other than our most recent refinancing activity that won’t be a difference to us and we have substitution rights in all those deals too. So we also have that flexibility there. Similarly, we do have flexibility with our Fannie Mae transaction as well for substitution rates. So if we did want to sale market that wouldn't a hindrance for us with regards to how our debt as far as to have the ability to do that. 
Ernie Freedman: So I can answer that for you Haendel. So in terms of cap rate it was 0.7%, all of our sales in the second quarter were through the end user retail channel where the home typically we vacate for a month to two months, maybe a little longer sometimes. So that's why you typically see a much lower cap rate when we sale those homes. If we were to start selling some more homes to the bulk channel, you'll see a cap rate to be at a certainly higher number and more in line with where they’re buying homes, in the second quarter it's 0.7%. And with the number of homes that we sold, we did not exit any markets. But Dallas could talk about where we concentrated some of those sales.
Ernie Freedman: We have to react to the information as in front of us and we reacted quickly. On the R&M side, specifically, the call scripts are just part of what we are reacting to. And part of the issue is it’s the volume of work that’s coming through that time of year and our ability to make those pivot. So July also is high volume, it’s actually the highest volume. August is high and then we start to step down. So some part of the challenges when you make the adjustments it takes some minutes to get through the system. And we have further enhancements that we’re going to do. Ultimately, we talked about the in-house tech utilization, the call scripts is a big part of that. As we go through the remaining field office consolidations, we’re going to unlock more of that strength. The maintenance tech productivity is another one that we’re going to roll in here shortly with the route optimization algorithms. So that’ll get the number of work orders that our in-house tech can do each day will help. And then ProCare, its part of what’s not in the system right now, huge part, very beneficial. But one of the main benefits is the bundling of work orders that we do in that post 45-day move-in, that’s not only convenient for the resident but it’s sufficient for our tech and our ability. So there’s more to be worked in. Ultimately, as you put the systems together we made the initial step but we think we’re going to see more benefits long-term.
Ernie Freedman: So I think we highlighted in our script, the blended rental for July came in at 4.7%, renewals stayed steady about 4.8%. New leads growth of 4.6%, June was strong in new lease growth. But as we go into the end of the peak season, we want to make sure we maintain our occupancy and we did that. We moved up to 40 basis points relative to ’17 in July. And so we're paying attention to make sure we keep our occupancy and we still have strong demand now. And we want to maintain that through the rest of the year.
Ernie Freedman: Well, we're always trying to find the right optimization the balance of occupancy and rate. As we talked about, renewals are pretty steady throughout the year. It's a new lease growth that we try to take advantage of the summer months to maximize. But we've been through these cycles before and we're trying to pay attention to go into the slower leasing cycle fully occupied, which should allow us to keep some top line power in the slower months. But ultimately every quarter it's a balance of trying to find the right optimization between new lease growth and renewals.
Ernie Freedman: We're not going to provide monthly financial results, there is noise between months. Accruals get caught up, don't get caught up. So we're not prepared to provide that.
Charles Young: So bottom line is part of the occupancy bottom line that Ernie talked about is that it's a little lower in the fourth quarter. And that will give us a little bit of a lift as we comp against it. So the hurricane pickup really started to come back in occupancy in the first part of this year. And we had some slowdown in leasing because of the hurricane in both Houston and Florida. So that’s some of the comp benefit that we have.
Charles Young: No, it really wasn’t about wage pressure. As a reminder, as we said in the opening remarks, 15 of our 17 offices have already combined and we’re really operating great across the majority of our markets. The Florida issues are truly isolated, specifically the two markets in Tampa and South Florida. And was around associate turnover, not really about wage and it was more around the integration. So we had a few unexpected early departures and a couple of key roles that created a distraction for us. And at the time that it happened at the peak work order volume that was part of the impact. The good news is though, we’ve backfilled quickly, we’re supporting the teams with national resources and we expect to get back on track for the second half of the year.
Charles Young: So NAREIT we had visibility into April and May at the time. June is really where we had the surprise. We have finished the integration into the R&M maintenance technology platform. And that's where we quickly saw that there was -- we were offering our in house tech utilization. So we quickly made the pivot as we talked about. And part of the challenge is that time of year its high volume and it's had an impact. So that's why we didn't see it there and ultimately we're making the pivot and we think we're going to work our way through this at the end of the year, we'll be in good shape going into '19.
Charles Young: Really it's around supply challenges related to our owned and other product from post-Harvey coming back online. Occupancies stepped up temporarily when there was a void of housing as those homes were being rehab. We had around 130 come-in in the first and second quarter back online. So it creates a little bit of a supply issue for us and then other homes coming in as well as we’re trying to compete against that. So put some pressure on our new lease growth and we’ll continue to have a little bit of that as we absorb. Going into the second half of the year, we expect we’ll catch back-up now that volume is at peak season.
Charles Young: As mentioned, 15 out of 17 offices are already consolidated. The go forward leaders in place we’re working well with things across all those. Like we said, we were isolated to a couple of markets that had impact. And since these teams are working well together and the fact that we’ve already implemented the maintenance technology platform, the rollout on the second half of the year should be much smoother. We’re going to be very thoughtful about how we do it in terms of implementing measured rollout and look slower seasonality season of Q4 and Q1, both the multiple rounds of testing. And we had much of our training materials in place. So we really feel confident -- and frankly, the teams are ready. They’re excited and they’re ready to get to the new platform. So we think it’ll be a much cleaner and smoother rollout of the final integration.
Charles Young: We're watching it closely. We know those fires move fast. We've identified about 105 homes that are in the vicinity and we're working closely to notify and pay attention. We don't know more than that right now but we're watching it very closely.
Charles Young: We expect to get back to our normal levels of productivity over the second half of the year here. We’re confident because both companies operated at that level before. But what also makes us excited is the combined power of our scale, density, the technology that we’re implementing and our experience, it’s a real advantage. What happens in the peak season here as we have the highest work order volume is, the productivity of the techs is not always at its highest and we’re at a place where we’re still as we put the technology and unlock all that and get the proximity and density advantages, that’s where we’ll have shorter distance between our homes for our techs to be able to do more work orders. So as I talked about before as we think about the route optimization software as we get to a unified operating platform second half of the year, that’s where we’ll start to see the real advantages to get back to our prior levels and possibly overachieve as we go into 2019.
Charles Young: We've already started to see the improvement with the changes that we made. But we know there's more that we're going to do and it's going to get even better.
Charles Young: Repair and maintenance is really on occupied homes. So on our turns we haven't really seen any impact, and this time of year is a high turn volume. And we typically range in 10 to 12 days to turn a house, which is about where we are. It steps up a little bit because of the seasonality and the volume coming in this time a year, but we're on pace with where we were last year and been pretty consistent.
Charles Young: Well, we're going to work through the exact rollout plan but it really depends on speed of how many homes you can put on the platform at once. But the idea for now is this couple of markets that we've piloted unified operating platform and then we roll by week being really thoughtful. When I say methodical, being really thoughtful around the time and month that we do it, so it's not during the early rent paying side. And then how much can our teams take on in terms of training, getting them ready, being thoughtful and then rolling it out. So we have a plan in place and we expect to start in the fourth quarter of this year. And based on all that we've done to-date in terms of our Web site, revenue management has been working on one platform, this is really the last piece and we think it will roll pretty smoothly.
Fred Tuomi: It's not as much about, this Charles -- it's not as much around pushback from tenants. Pricing power remained strong, supply and demand fundamentals are favorable and our demographics long-term are going to be tailwind to us. As we look at rent growth and it being slightly lower year-over-year, it's less about fundamentals and more really around the seasoning of our portfolio. If we did the bulk of our buying early on, we were focused on getting the homes leased. In the last couple of years, Dallas and team have done a wonderful job of optimizing. And we're really seeing more of a true up to market, which contributed to early on higher rents. But where we are now, we're stabilizing and we've been very consistent at 4.8 to 5. And we think that's reflective of where we are in market fundamentals for each of our markets across the country.
Fred Tuomi: I think you maybe referring to Seattle as an example of very tight inventory, very high home price appreciation over the last several years. I think this got to a price point where people just couldn’t pursue homeownership in same numbers. But if you look at our portfolio in Seattle, the move outs for home purchasing actually is one of the markets that fell year-over-year. So again, it’s not impacting our level of the market, not impacting our demographic and people really enjoy the leasing lifestyle.
Fred Tuomi: I would just add to that this platform is in place. We completed the implementation and integration across all of our markets, so that part is done. And when we initially noticed in June that the productivity measures on a daily basis we're starting to trend down instead of up, we were able to make some adjustments to the technology platform immediately. So Charles was able to get the team together, tweak some of the dispatch logic scripts and literally in the next day we could start seeing some improvement. So we're seeing gradual improvements but they have already begun. It's not that we have to retool, it’s just to adjust some of the parameters on this platform that impact things such as in-house dispatch, and then the route optimization certainly helps the other metrics of productivity such as the number of homes, the number of work order per tech per day.
Fred Tuomi: And one metric we track is the days that we resident the downtime and between occupancy and vacancy. And quarter-over-over year ago were exactly the same number.
Dallas Tanner: Drew, this is Dallas. Generally, we're seeing a ton of demand in marketplace when we -- even on the limited amount of dispositions we've done this year taking something out. You'll find that there are lot of new entrants into the space today that are looking to try to acquire scale, it's pretty difficult given today's environment. So the simple answer would be that we see that mark-to-market pretty tight it’s some over to come to market with a decent opportunity. It's just also dependent upon asset quality and the types of rents you're getting out of those homes today. So for us you look at some of our disposition activity this year, we've certainly been more active selling assets and parts of markets where we're not seeing as much growth. Now we expect that to stay consistent with our strategy going forward.
Dallas Tanner: We've had a number of sales in Huston throughout this year and also Chicago. And we're really in line with some of the guidance we laid out early in the year in terms of where we want to be selling. Ernie talked about it earlier on the call. We anticipate we'll sale somewhere between $400 million and $500 million with the homes this year, and we're on target to achieve those targets.
Dallas Tanner: In terms of demand, we haven’t seen any real change in the fundamentals. As Charles mentioned earlier, we’ve been able to go out to market at rates that are pretty aggressive, especially parts of the country where we own real estate. If you look at some of our numbers, for example, in the West Coast in quarter two and we had blended average rate growth of 6.5%, most of those markets are less than two months of supply on the MLS. And then as you start to look at some of the macro data in terms of price points and affordability with housing, in general, builders are developing much less inventory at 1,800 square feet or less in their current pipeline. It’s down somewhere from 33% in the late 90s to like 22% today. That is all favorable fundamentals for us in terms of how we think about the supply and demand factors benefiting our business. So we haven’t seen some of that necessarily in the markets that we’re in, because as a proxy for that growth we’re seeing it in the rents that we’re achieving. And Charles earlier point turnovers remain consistent at around 70% -- 30%.
Dallas Tanner: As I mentioned earlier certainly, not in our West Coast markets where we see really just incredible amount of demand for our products and very limited new supply. And the important part to remember is that you want to be higher barrier to entry, so that’s difficult for called new supply to enter into those sub-markets and parts of the market where we invest. It's in line with our -- price point around average rents being north of $1,700, those are typically properties that are located much higher barrier-to-entry. So in our markets, we don't see some of that. I'd be more concerned if we had massive exposure in Midwest and some of those areas, parts of the country where you have lower barrier to entries for, call it, new entrants and new development. But we don't have much of that in our portfolio, a little to none. So we’re pretty bullish in terms of the areas we’re in and being a bit insulated from some of those supply constraints. The only other thing I'll add is if you look at the macros in the U.S., we’re only developing about $1.35 million new units per year right now. And we need somewhere around $1.5 million to $1.6 million. So the next 12 to 18 months feel free safe as we look forward to the supply demand fundamentals generally.
FredTuomi: So Costa-Hawkins, I don't know how familiar people are. But that's the potential repeal of the Costa-Hawkins, which is a pretty -- additional new rent control laws in the State of California. And just stepping back almost every economist or housing policy expert across the country or perhaps even across the globe agree and have written many research studies that shows that the legal solution to a lack of affordable housing is not rent control but is to build more housing. We just need more supply when it's needed and most importantly where it's needed and the price points that it's needed. So they also agreed that rent control has proven to further just dampen the construction of new housing and the further investment of existing housing. So proposition tenant in California that potentially repeal this Costa-Hawkins legislation that's been in place since 1995 is just the wrong answer for California’s growing and long running and long developed housing shortage as it would likely make the situation worse, not only in the short run but over the long run. So it’s just bad policy, however, it's on the balance. And that the poles that we see they've been constantly testing the likely voter opinion on this are showing mixed results. So the November ballot is going to be close for sure but the industry and those on both sides of the issue will continue to make their case to the citizen of California. If it does pass, it doesn't mean that you're going to have statewide rent control. All that means is that the prohibition on rent control will be listed. So the jurisdictions that had rent control in the past will be able to update it and those that do not have it at all could choose to implement it. So it's going to be -- it will take a little long time for this to really reconcile. Each local jurisdiction is going to have to decide do they want to have rent control or not, and many of them will decide not to. And if they do, what's the flavor of it, what's going to look like, how is it going to be implemented. So if its top position tenant is defeated I think our industry will then take a step back and look we have to solve this problem together in cooperation with the legislature and try to find meaningful rational ways to just improve the situation in California that's taken many, many decades to develop. So when we look at our portfolio of homes across the state we're in Northern California and Southern California, we're not in really the hot beds of the rent control areas. We're not in the city of San Francisco or close by, we're not in Berkley, we're not in Santa Cruz, we're not in Santa Monica. So when we look at our portfolio, we think a very small proportion of our homes would be potentially egregiously affected and a very small portion of the Company's overall revenue. So we're just going to have to continue to watch it, see what happens in November and then we're prepared to react either way.
FredTuomi: We looked at that and again, it's just a theoretical assessment of likelihood of certain areas. There’s been some research some article on that. We think at the most it’s going to be around 15% of our portfolio might be impacted and again in California -- of the California homes, which is 12,000 homes total in California. And then there is no way of really estimating at this point to see revenue impact. Near term there really be none, I don't think that any areas will be rolling rents backwards mandating that. So it’d be a gradual shift. And then the other nice thing about single family rentals is that the if we had to, if long term prospects were such that there is a value diminution, one of the consequences of rent control is that existing home prices will be -- could to go up, because there is going to be another shortage of housing. There will be a lack of building of housing generally. So we could -- single family has the option of selling homes to homeowners on a one off prices if we choose to at very good pricing.
FredTuomi: Jade, similar to the first quarter, we've seen a year-over-year decline and the reason for move out around home purchases. Last year in the second quarter, it's about 27% of our move outs. This year it was 25.7%. So we’ve seen that trend now for two quarters in a row. And I think it's a little bit of all the above. But I think most importantly we have reason -- we also see our turnover going up, because residents are satisfied with the service that they're receiving from us. They like the homes that they're in. They're well located. They're convenient. And they’re seeing that in today’s economic environment, it’s even a better opportunity for maybe a better answer for them to stay in our homes.
