John Q. Doyle: Sure. Good morning, Kai and thank you. I guess, so I'd start by saying that I spent a lot of time with Dan and Peter to make sure that we were aligned on strategy before I join the team. I would also note that I was quite involved in the plan that we presented to the MMC board of directors last fall, so I wouldn't anticipate any major changes to this strategy. I do want us to operate in a more simple and agile way, so take a look at our org structure and I want us to do with the highest professional standards.
John Q. Doyle: As you mentioned that we announced it in April, so it's still relatively early but the take-up rate so far has been positive. The feedback we've gotten from our clients has been positive as well, so more efficient solution for our large property clients. So we think it's a great way where Marsh can bring better value to our clients than we had before.
John Q. Doyle: Yeah, look I think, Jay, the growth was acceptable given the volatility in the region, so we saw some ups and downs by country, we had strong results in Mexico, and I think solid results in Brazil, especially given the environment there. New business wasn't that strong, I think in part due to some of the volatility and we had some pretty strong prior year comps as well. So, weather impacted a bit of some project starts and that had an impact on new business, but broadly speaking it's – I think decent results through six months given the overall environment.
John Q. Doyle: Sure, cyber risk is clearly on top of minds of our clients and has been for a number of years here in the United States and I think given some of the regulatory changes that Dan mentioned, is increasingly on top of mind for our clients outside of the U.S. So we've been adding staff and expertise and developing partnerships with firms that again go beyond insurance procurement and help them manage the risk more broadly. So it's a pretty fast growing part of our business, at a healthy growth rate, of more scale certainly here in the U.S. and relatively small and subscale outside of the United States, but we expect that to change.
Daniel S. Glaser: Okay. So a couple of things. I wouldn't overemphasize shifts of business, I mean clearly some things move around quarter-by-quarter, I wouldn't take too much into it. As we've said a couple of times and as we've done over the last few years, the back half of the year, particularly the fourth quarter usually is a bit stronger for us on an overall business basis, so I will look at it that way. We're happy with our first half results in general, not only on a growth basis, but also we're getting growth from acquisitions, some of which we're giving up in FX, but there is growth in acquisitions which is going to benefit us in future years. We like the fact that our adjusted operating income was reasonably well up given the growth rate and as well as EPS, margin expansion hit our expectations. So overall, we're happy with the first six months and we're looking forward to the next six months. In terms of MMA, we don't breakout MMA other than to say they had a nice quarter and the basic thing that we said all the way starting back in 2009 was that we expected MMA to be able to outgrow Marsh and all I'll say is that, yes, they have been doing that and they did it in the second quarter as well.
Daniel S. Glaser: Sure. And generally, I mean when I look at the RIS segment, we're in a pretty modest GDP world with basic rate levels in the P&C sector in almost all geographies and in almost all lines of business going down. Now going down may be at pace, it's not quite as steep as it was last year, but it's still going down. And so when I speak about margins, one way to look at it is, we would have liked to grow Marsh more in the second quarter than we did and operate expense controls throughout the year and recognizing that we are in this kind of lower growth environment and so that's the one of the reasons why the margin may have passed a little bit more than what we originally expected because we would have thought that we could have grown a little bit more than 2%, and we're pretty comfortable that 2% is not the new reality, but that we will have quarters, every once in a while, that look like that. Just like we'll have some quarters every once in a while like last quarter where Marsh grew 5%. It didn't make 5% the new world, 2% is not necessarily the new world either. And so, our expense controls tend to be multi-quarter, right, even a multi-year, and so there is – that's why the margin may move around a little bit.
Daniel S. Glaser: Well, a couple of things. No, there's no update in terms of the FCA that that investigation is ongoing and we're cooperating fully. We imagine it will take quite a while for them to work through their analysis and come to some sort of determinations, but it's really all that I'll say on that at that time. Now in terms of the FCA review of the wholesale market, they do that on a periodic basis. And I don't see any connectivity between the FCA review which may entail a review of facilities as well as – with the investigation that's going on in the aviation sector.
Daniel S. Glaser: It's a good question, and it's something that we wrestle with as a leadership team. I mean, at the end, clearly, we are finding ways to operate the business in a more efficient manner and improve our productivity over time. And we've done that for a number of years. I mean, just to remind everyone, we're in the – 2017 is our 10th year of margin expansion. And this hasn't been a little bit of expansion. This has been significant consistent levels of expansion over time. We are in a more for less business. Our job is to deliver more value to our clients every year at fundamentally better levels of efficiency within our own organization. So that search for a smarter way, that search for additional operational efficiency, that never ends. And when I look into the future, whether it's robotics, whether it's deep learning, AI, et cetera, I think there'll be all kinds of avenues for us to become a more efficient organization as we go forward. So, I don't think the margin story is different. Now, do I think the margin will expand typically more when we have a better top line than 3%? Yes. Do I think that 13% adjusted EPS growth over the long term will be far easier to achieve with a better top line? Yes. So, we are doing everything possible to position the company through mix of business, through acquisition strategy, through organic investment on an ongoing basis to spur growth into the future regardless of market conditions, because our anticipation is the market's going to be similar to where it is today. And so, and anything to the upside, I think, would be a benefit to us. In terms of margins, in general, I can tell you, when we're around the leadership table, margin doesn't come up. Earnings growth comes up, revenue growth comes up, acquisitions come up, but actually, we think that margin expansion is not a strategy per se, it's an outcome of how we run the business properly. And really, one of the core philosophies of the company is that revenue growth should exceed expense growth almost every quarter and certainly every year. And so, when we look at it on that basis, it's just a natural outcome.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yeah. And maybe, it's a great question and no, it's not a client response, although it is definitely the clients at the table in our discussions and thinking through it as to how we can improve the client experience. A factor of me being in the business for more than 35 years is I've seen other changes. As an example, I remember when companies thought that email was a proprietary value, or I remember when people were asked about well what is their Internet strategy, or actually in the beginning, what was your world wide web strategy, okay. So, ultimately the way I look at it is, all companies that expect to be successful in the future will be digital on some basis or another. And so, I don't believe that this is necessarily a next year thing. I think we're positioning the company to be successful long into the future. When we consider digital, we really look across three dimensions. It's not just about growth, it's about growth, operational efficiency and clearly people who work for our organization. And so, in terms of growth, it's really about the client experience and the robustness of our offerings and some of our acquisition strategy. So, you look at Thomsons or PayScale Equity Investment or Torrent or Dovetail. They're one way or the other all digital players. If you look at Mercer 365, it's a technology play, it's a user experience play. In terms of efficiency, we are beginning to experiment. Now I would emphasize experiment. You're not going to see early term results for bots or robotics, automation, machine learning, that kind of stuff. Although there are parts of our business where we will increasingly look to utilize that kind of capability and see how we can become more efficient. And in terms of people, I mean, Sastry and Rohit are just two examples. There's many others of how we're adding new skills to the organization and we're hiring more data scientists, more developers and this is going to be an ongoing process. But I just wanted to highlight that for us, the battle has been joined.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yeah, a couple of things, one, it's not the acquisitions of clients that is impacting their top or bottom line, it's really acquisitions that Mercer made really in December that has created a short-term hiccup to earnings and an impact on margins. And so, that will sought itself out as growth begins to come in. And so, it's really – it's not – I mean, at the end, we think that there's been pretty consistent strong levels of growth both in our Oliver Wyman and Mercer. And when we look at the back half of the year, we really don't give margin expectations or operating income expectations. We do believe we'll have solid earnings growth in Consulting for the year and we will have margin expansion for the year. Now, what that is, I mean, at the end, when I look at Consulting's margins, I mean, in the last five years, they're up 680 basis points. And so given the first half of the year, I don't think you can have a dramatic increase in margins consistent with 680 basis points over a five year period. But having said that, we do expect to see margin expansion in the back half.
Daniel S. Glaser: I mean, overall, we do – we expect the company, particularly, building momentum through the back half of the year with usually a stronger fourth and third, but we don't really have an annual goal with regard to adjusted EPS or margin expansion. We expect this to be a good solid year. I mean, when I – when we started the year, I was asked the question about 2017 versus 2016 in the macro environment and I pretty much said I thought 2017 look a lot like 2016 and still believe that is kind of the case. We're still in that kind of environment. Generally slow growth around the world at least modest level of growth, some P&C headwinds, low interest rates, business confidence that descent but fluctuates with the geopolitical cycle. So we're in – we remain in the grinded out years and we expect to have good performance in that. But we don't expect it to be one of these knock your lights out kind of thing, I mean I know that we've grown I think 14% adjusted EPS through the first six months. But really if you back out the accounting benefit of – on the compensation change is really 9%. And so I think in – we feel comfortable with that kind of level, at the level of growth that we're performing in the first half. We're expecting a little bit better in the second half and we're happy that we're now in it.
Daniel S. Glaser: Well, okay, define the long term. I mean clearly Defined Benefit and pension plans have a long way to run, right. These are 25 to 50 year programs as people live longer as how they operate. So, it is not a quickly declining business, and we've had many times where we have grown, but largely the growth tends to be project related work as opposed to growth in the basic business. So I would put in a category of low levels of negative growth or low levels of positive growth quarter-by-quarter but on a declining trend.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yeah. That's right. I mean the Latin America is still critical market for us, when we look over a multiyear basis, it's been our fastest growing region. We don't break out geographies, but Consulting had a decent quarter in Latin America, so there is nothing fundamentally wrong. There is a – obviously there is a number of issues that individual countries are working through, but we like our positioning in Latin America, we would expect that it would return to better growth patterns in the future.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yeah, one thing I was looking at recently and which I find interesting anyway, because you hear a lot about the insurance market, and many companies just sort of dipping their toe into cyber and concerns about accumulation risk and cyber hurricane et cetera. So let's take your $3 billion premium level, and say what's a typical rate online for cyber, it typically is less than 1%. So if you just run the math on that, there are something like $300 billion of limit that has been provided against that $3 billion of premium and in that context there is no dipping the toe in the water. There are many markets in cyber in a significant way and it's probably the growth opportunity in property and casualty.
Daniel S. Glaser: I mean rates are geared against losses in competitive environment. There is lots of capital providers, lots of insurance companies, so there will always be some downward pressure. There's better management teams, better data and analytics and so there is not naïve underwriting like you may have seen in the 1980s or 1990s. And so there is probably a tighter range of outcomes, but it really depends on loss activity. If the loss activity comes in, it will put pressure on rates. We are seeing on the reinsurance side some slowing down, or harder to place lines of business and certainly not anything approaching a hard market in any way, shape or form on reinsurance. And usually you see reinsurance tighten before primary tightens. And so we've got a way to go here before we see that. I mean when we look at the last let's say year, maybe even two years, the UK market and the London market in particular has the deepest downdrafts in rating levels and so that is the most competitive market in the world from a price reduction standpoint. And so it's a tough place to do business these days.
Daniel S. Glaser: Peter, you want to take that? So basically to rephrase it, it's like, is cat bonds volume fueling 4%.
Daniel S. Glaser: The acquisition pipeline is good. I mean we are – we look at a lot of different things, not from a detailed due diligence basis. So we've got good peripheral vision, we're live in the marketplace, so we'd have a good look across both RIS and Consulting. And I would say when we look at our pipeline, looks pretty good. We over the last three years, have spent about $1 billion in transaction value per year. It's too early to say, it's only through the first six months we've had a pretty active first six months of the year and where we look at our pipeline. And a lot these things take a long time in terms of gestation period. But so when I look at the pipeline now, this year looks pretty good and it even looks pretty good next year. We've I'm sure certain things that we're looking on right now, would take a little bit longer time. Our focus is generally on faster growing businesses and businesses that can improve our capabilities. Wouldn't mind every once in a while seems something right up the alley of our strong suit where we get some synergy and some decent earnings growth out of it through some expense saves, but our overall acquisition strategy is geared towards faster growing businesses.
Daniel S. Glaser: Well, I don't know if there is a wholesale business anymore. I mean, clearly there is specialty placement businesses that have done quite well and they're good businesses. If you ask me if I would have preferred that we didn't exit that kind of specialty placement business. Yeah, the answer would be, I would prefer that we would have been still in that business, but when we go back in, it's a different kind of question. I mean I think they've done a very nice job, there is some good companies out there, but we're an awfully big company and we would have wanted to do something in a real minor way on an a structural basis like that. But fundamentally, we look at the wholesale business, so called wholesale business and we think they've done a nice job building out their specialties and their capabilities over a long period of time.
Daniel S. Glaser: Okay. Thank you very much, Mindy. And I'd like to just thank everybody for joining us on the call this morning, and I'd especially like to thank our clients for their continued support in our colleagues for their hard work and dedication in serving them. Thank you, very much.
Peter C. Hearn: I think I smell pretty good. David, a couple of things, with regard to pricing, there still remains modest headwinds, we're seeing some flattening of pricing on casualty side, on the property side, and the life side, and accident side, there's still fairly aggressive pricing both in the traditional and in the alternative capital markets. With regards to the loss of business, we have an incredibly high retention ratio within Guy Carpenter. Having said that, it is incumbent upon us to build a very strong robust and disciplined production platform in the event that we do in fact lose business that we can replace it quickly, and we do that.
Peter C. Hearn: It's not really a factor because it's an attritional loss, it's not a catastrophic loss and most of the reinsurance in Florida is catastrophic based and not risk and attritional based.
Peter C. Hearn: Brian, it helps, but it hasn't been a major contributor. It's been pretty consistent in the amount of issuances that we've been involved with over the past three years.
Peter C. Hearn: Well, there have been 25 cat bonds; we've placed 8, which is pretty consistent with what we've seen over the past three years.
