Brian Duperreault: Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our second quarter results as reported earlier today. I am Brian Duperreault, President and CEO of Marsh & McLennan Companies. Joining me and presenting on the call today is Dan Glaser, Group President and Chief Operating Officer; and Vanessa Wittman, our CFO. Also, I'd like to welcome our operating companies' CEOs, Peter Zaffino of Marsh, Alex Moczarski of Guy Carpenter, Michele Burns of Mercer and John Drzik of Oliver Wyman. Also with us is Mike Bischoff. Following my comments, Dan will discuss our operating results in more detail. Vanessa will then update you on our financial position.  Let me begin by saying our second quarter results were outstanding and illustrate the excellent progress we have made over the past year. We reported a strong increase in revenue with growth of 12%, and growth was 5% on an underlying basis for the second quarter in a row. In fact, this is the fourth consecutive quarter that each of our operating companies produced revenue growth on both a reported and an underlying basis. And we continue to achieve this growth while maintaining control over our operating expenses. As a result, we produced strong growth in adjusted operating income. In the first 6 months of this year, underlying revenue growth of 5% and adjusted underlying expense growth of 4% produced 13% growth in adjusted operating income, an excellent first half of the year.  The positive momentum at Marsh continued this quarter with underlying revenue growth driven by strong new business development and increased client revenue rates. Guy Carpenter also produced excellent underlying revenue growth as it has for 10 straight quarters. Mercer generated an underlying revenue growth of mid-single digits for the fourth consecutive quarter, and Oliver Wyman’s string of solid revenue growth continued, driven by Financial Services, its largest industry sector. So as we look across the breadth of the company, we're very pleased with the performance of every one of our operating companies.  As you've heard me say a number of times since our Investor Day last September, our plan is to establish Marsh & McLennan Companies as an elite business enterprise, valued by our clients, our colleagues and our shareholders. And we have articulated our growth strategy that will guide us in realizing this aspiration. Our strategy focuses on the characteristics that create exceptional value and superior returns for investors: sustained long-term growth in revenue and earnings per share, low capital requirements, high cash generation and reducing the risk profile of the company. Some of these pillars are interrelated. For example, our positive cash flow has allowed us within the past several quarters to increase our dividend, make attractive acquisitions and institute a share repurchase program. Our excess cash also allowed us to strengthen our balance sheet, which lowers the risk profile of the company.  Another example of how we're evolving into an elite organization is the articulation to our colleagues throughout the world of our corporate philosophy, which we refer to as The Greater Good. This philosophy is designed to assist our colleagues with respect to the legal, ethical and risk issues that may arise in the course of doing business. This enhanced approach reinforces our business standards as we operate globally. As part of this effort, we produced a documentary to creatively represent the essence of our corporate philosophy. We encourage you to visit our website to learn more about The Greater Good and to view the 4-minute trailer for the award-winning film entitled, Faces of Marsh & McLennan.  So you see we take very seriously the 4 pillars we presented to the investment community 10 months ago. Not only are we producing strong results, we are implementing a variety of initiatives to better position the company for growth.  In summary, our excellent performance in the first half of the year demonstrates the type of performance the senior leadership is striving for. Sustaining this performance over the long term should translate into outstanding results for our shareholders.  And with that, let me turn it over to Dan to review our second quarter results in more detail.
Brian Duperreault: Let me jump in there. For us, I mean, what we sell is our expertise, and that's person-by-person. So as we see opportunities, we're going to bring in the best people we can. So I think they'll go hand-in-hand, but we will get productivity out of them, and the net result is a very positive operating income growth. So that's kind of what you should see from us. We tend to think very positively about the future and the growth potential and, therefore, positively about expanding our personnel.
Brian Duperreault: Yes, I guess, what we're really concerned about in the Great Recession period was reducing too deeply our capabilities, and I think we did a pretty good job at that. So the ramp-up wasn't maybe as large as you might think because we were pretty good at holding the people we needed to hold. So I think it's now, it's going to be proportional.
Brian Duperreault: Officially ended. Well, I'll put it this way. We had quite a bit of work to do over the last several years to position the company properly, certainly in risk and insurance but secondarily in Consulting given economic conditions. We've done that. I mean, we are thinking about growth -- but look, we're always looking, and we're always trying to improve the structure. And if we found things that needed to be done that required restructuring, we would do them. But our plan is to take what we have now and really grow this company.
Brian Duperreault: Jay, yes, the board approves these things. We would recommend it. We have expressed to you and all of the investment community that the share buybacks are part of our capital management on a going-forward basis, particularly as we continue to grow good positive cash, but it is a board decision, and the board will decide when it decides. I can’t tell you anything more than that.
Brian Duperreault: No, you could do it tomorrow, I mean. But the board has its scheduled meetings and things like that. But yes, I mean, it's not a seasonal thing.
Brian Duperreault: Well, listen, thank you very much for joining us. We had an outstanding quarter, and that's all because of the hard work of all of our colleagues around the world, and I want to thank them, terrific job. See you next quarter.
Vanessa Wittman: Thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. As Brian and Dan have indicated, the financial performance at Marsh & McLennan Companies in the second quarter was very strong. We produced earnings per share of $0.50 in the second quarter on both a GAAP and adjusted basis. And despite the year-over-year decline in investment income of $24 million or $0.03 per share, the increase in adjusted EPS was 9%. We anticipate investment income in the third quarter to be a slight loss, similar to the third quarter of 2010. In the second quarter, net interest expense decreased to $44 million from $57 million a year ago. This was due to a slight increase in interest income and a substantial decrease in interest expense resulting from the payment of a $550 million debt obligation last September.  On last quarter's call, we indicated we would be active in the second quarter with share repurchases. I'm pleased to report we aggressively resumed our buyback program with the repurchase of nearly 8 million shares for $235 million. Combined with our buyback activity in last year's fourth quarter, we've used $320 million of our $500 million authorization, repurchasing a total of 11.2 million shares. We plan to continue repurchasing our stock in the third quarter.  When we analyzed our debt portfolio at the beginning of the year, we felt some changes would be warranted if market conditions afforded us an opportunity. In the second quarter, we took advantage of a significant decline in 10-year corporate rates by tendering for a portion of our debt obligations. Although we have small amounts due in 2012 and 2013, we chose to address the spike in our maturity ladder in 2014 and '15 when an aggregate of $1.4 billion was coming due within a 14-month period. In June, we initiated a tender offer for $250 million each of the 2014s and '15s. The tender was oversubscribed, and in July, we reduced the $1.4 billion spike by $600 million. We brought in $330 million of the $650 million due in 2014 and $270 million of the $750 million maturing in 2015.  Given our strong cash position, we funded the tender with $100 million of cash and a new issue 10-year note for $500 million. The coupon on the new note is 4.8%. Costs of $73 million related to the early extinguishment of the debt from the tender offer will be recognized in the third quarter. We are very pleased with these transactions, which have lowered our refinancing in intermediate-term by extending our maturities at a very attractive interest rate. Additionally, we'll see a reduction in our annual interest expense of $9 million.  Our tax rate in the second quarter was 31%, reflecting our geographic mix of earnings. We continue to expect that the tax rate for the year will be approximately 31%. Quarter end cash was $1.7 billion compared with $1.5 billion a year ago. Debt at the end of the second quarter was $3 billion. Net debt, which is total debt less cash and cash equivalents, was $1.4 billion compared with $2.1 billion at the end of the second quarter of last year.  In summary, our financial position has continued to strengthen over the last 12 months. We prudently used the current environment of low interest rates to opportunistically reconfigure our capital structure, extend maturities of our debt portfolio, delever our balance sheet, trim ongoing interest expense and reduce our intermediate-term refinancing risk.  With that, I'll turn the call back to Brian.
Vanessa Wittman: I'll be happy to take it. So Brian, in the quarter, we had a slight benefit from FX, and year-to-date, we're neutral. And over the course of the year, as always, the FX impact is de minimis. But if you think about the pension impact, which we've given guidance for, is roughly $12 million a quarter and 2/3 of that in the RIS segment, there's a drag there that's offset. I would point out that FX on a margin perspective for RIS is a drag. So you've got a double drag on your margins in RIS, one from pension and the second from FX.
Vanessa Wittman: Sure, Meyer, I'm going to take that one. So if you think about our 4 major currencies, the euro, the pound, the Canadian dollar and the Aussie dollar, they've all strengthened against the U.S. dollar both for the quarter and over the first half of the year. We had a little volatility in the January side of FX, the January renewals on the RIS side. But in Consulting, as we've mentioned, it's a very minor benefit for both the quarter and for year-to-date.
Vanessa Wittman: I'd rather say we're absorbing the severance cost than hiding the severance cost. But if you aggregate the headwinds that we're seeing in the margin, in the RIS margin, it's about 70 basis points from FX. You are directionally correct on the pension, and we're probably bearing another 15 to 20 basis points of other headwinds in the margins.
Vanessa Wittman: It will be a separate line item, but it will be included. That's why we wanted to point out the size of the charge so that you could bake that into your third quarter outlook.
Vanessa Wittman: Sure, let me break it down because it is -- if you think about the bonds, the 2014s and '15s were trading at that time, there were $62 million of embedded premium in where they were trading. So you're going to pay that one way or another, right? So the true cost, the way we look at it is there was a $7.5 million charge for the incremental premium, about 10 basis points on one issue and 15 on the other, to tender for the bonds to bring them in. There's $7.5 million there and $1.5 million of dealer fees. So it was, really, from a true charge perspective, it's a $9 million cost. And we get a $9 million recurring benefit.
Vanessa Wittman: Right, they're both trading above par, right? So you’ve got to pay at least market and then a small market premium to bring them in.
Vanessa Wittman: It's a couple of things. First of all, we were looking out and saying in today's interest environment to be able to print a 4.8% coupon bond was an opportunity we didn't want to miss when we're looking out and saying in '14 and '15, you got $1.4 billion due in 14 months, which -- the biggest driver here was knocking that spike down and being able to push it out for 5 and 6 more years. And then coupled with a dramatically lower interest rate for the 10 years that we have seen over the course of the last few years.
M. Burns: I concur with what John said. The pieces of our business that usually are the early warning signs of trouble or of good opportunity, we’ve seen great growth. Double-digits in talent and rewards, obviously investments pillar is growing at 13%. So we have seen no signs of our clients slowing down. In fact, they are investing in the pieces of the business that they typically invest in when they are planning for growth. The second thing I'd say is the environment has afforded us an opportunity to do some tuck-in acquisitions, and so we've done 3 tuck-in acquisitions this year that have been very opportunistic and have been very, very low risk [indiscernible] will enable us to grow both organically and inorganically.
M. Burns: Well, I think there's some compensation expense increase as a result of the prices that go into effect in the first quarter, so you're lacking some quarters. The second piece is I think we're really investing in some professionals inside the business. So as we went through 2009 and into 2010 in the first half, we had not built for the robustness of certain of the businesses sort of growing in double-digits, as well as importantly the Health and Benefits business that is showing nice consistent strong growth around the world. So there's been some increase in numbers of people, as well as a little -- a smaller increase in compensation. So the rest of expenses are not necessarily growing in any way disproportionate to the business itself. That's the balance I would say -- where you see the expense growth in Mercer, it is investing in the products and services almost exclusively.
M. Burns: Sure. Glad to do that. I think we will see that segment of our business continue to grow strongly, and the reason is because of the demographic shifts that are occurring in the world. And in these major developed countries in particular, we see that while we have unemployment rolls that do not seem to be lessening, we have clients that have a need for skilled labor and not enough people who have those skills, so they're competing significantly for talent and engineering and executive ranks, et cetera. So the strategy they need to have on a broad base to retain major groups of employees is quite significant. So I think you will see that continue because demographic trends will not abate in this area, and that presents major opportunities for us [indiscernible] over those issues in the years to come.
Peter Zaffino: Yes, there's a fair amount activity on the acquisition side. Don't think that the underlying macroeconomic factors or pricing are playing into it for us to much. We have a very strong strategy on Marsh & McLennan agency. And we're about $300 million in size, and so we're looking for strategic acquisitions that fit in with what our vision is for the MMA. And we also have an acquisition strategy to complement what our current portfolio looks like either from a segmentation or geographical standpoint. So while there's activity, we will absolutely stick to our strategy and drive growth in acquisitions that fit what we've outlined in the past.
Peter Zaffino: Okay, sure. Actually, the client retention in the U.S. has remained very stable. It's been very strong. We saw evidence of that in the second quarter as well, so we have actually had a pretty stable of the last 6 quarters in the U.S. The growth has come from strong new business. U.S. had a very robust new business quarter in the second quarter. As a matter of fact, for the overall organization of Marsh, this is the second best quarter we've had in the last 5 years in new business. So it's a combination of very strong retentions, although I think they've remained fairly stable. We have had strong new business and really are executing much better than we have in the past. This is something that's been an evolution process. But Dan's leadership from 18 to 24 months ago of implementing winning at Marsh has derived a much stronger pipeline for us. And we've been focusing on really driving value, as you mentioned before. So it's a combination of all factors that have given us the 500-basis-point lift over the first 6 months of 2011.
Peter Zaffino: I think again there's not going to be much change in my answer from what Dan's answered in prior quarters, but enhanced commissions for us are about working with enormous transparency. We work with carriers for fee-for-service in terms of value that we provide for the carriers, Marsh Market Connect is a great example of that. We have expanded enhanced commissions that are disclosed to our clients. And then also embedded within our numbers is increased yield, which is just getting more commission on placements, again, with transparency to clients. So I think all of those initiatives that have been going on for some time have still been reflected in the second quarter and something that, again, it's not material in terms of the change for the overall numbers but has been a slight positive in the quarter.
Peter Zaffino: Yes, the competition is, as you've outlined, still very competitive, but this is all about a value proposition that we provide to insurance companies, and so again, it's a separate revenue stream that is not linked to volume. It's not linked to anything other than value that we're providing to clients again with a lot of transparency and to carriers.
Daniel Glaser: I'll take it. I would phrase it more along the lines of when we look at whether we're compensated by either commission or fee, it’s about what value we create. And I believe that over the past several years, our value has increased, both to our clients and also to the insurance companies we deal with. So I would say that there is a delta between the value, the additional value we've created and the income we're receiving for that value. And obviously, we work on closing that delta.
Daniel Glaser: Yes, that is a good summary, but I just want to make sure that we separate client retention and revenue retention. So from a client retention standpoint, our client retention levels have fully recovered from our dark period and, in fact, have stabilized from multiple quarters ago, 5 or 6 quarters ago. But our client retention levels are as good as they've ever been. On a revenue retention basis, you benefit from exposure changes, from some stabilization of the cycle and also from our answer to the previous question, our creation of additional value for our clients. And we seek to monetize that additional value creation through either higher fees or higher commissions. So all of those factors benefit revenue retention.
Daniel Glaser: Sure. I mean, one, I would start by saying that our adjusted margins in the second quarter in RIS are about 100 basis points above prior. You may be referring through the first 6 months of the year, and on that basis, we're slightly ahead on adjusted margin basis, and it's what -- we would be reasonably ahead if not for the headwinds of pension and foreign exchange. In terms of what we can do in the future, I mean one part of my new role has really been digging into each of our businesses and look at what our strategies are, what our organic strategies are, what the pipeline looks like for acquisitions and what kind of efficiencies we can seek. And I'm very happy to say that in our collective view, there's plenty of opportunity for us over the next several years to not only increase our earnings but to expand our margins in both segments.
