Daniel S. Glaser: Thank you, Mike. Before we go to Q&A, I would like to make a few comments about our recently announced CFO transition. Mark McGivney will become MMC's Chief Financial Officer at the start of 2016. Over the past year in his current position as Senior Vice-President of MMC Corporate Finance, Mark worked closely with Mike and me in developing and executing our financial strategy. Mark also has a very strong operational background and becomes the first MMC Chief Financial Officer to have served as CFO of both Marsh and Mercer. Mark was CFO at Marsh from 2007 to 2011, where he was a key member of my leadership team and oversaw substantial restructuring actions and operational improvements that re-established Marsh's profitability. From 2011 to 2014, Mark was CFO and Chief Operating Officer of Mercer, where he worked closely with Julio to drive strong improvement at Mercer. Welcome, Mark. We look forward to hearing from you on next quarter's earnings call. I would also like to say a few words about Mike, and to take a moment to recognize the many contributions he has made to Marsh and McLennan Companies over the past 34 years, the last three-and-a-half as Chief Financial Officer. Mike has worked tirelessly and creatively on an array of complex issues in leading our finance colleagues around the globe. By always demonstrating tremendous skill, knowledge and judgment, Mike leaves a legacy of extraordinary professionalism, commitment and dedication for us to build upon in the future. I am pleased that Mike will serve as a part-time senior advisor to MMC through the first quarter of 2016. On behalf of the 58,000 colleagues at Marsh and McLennan Companies around the world, I would like to say thank you, Mike, for your outstanding service. Operator, we are ready to begin Q&A.
Daniel S. Glaser: It's really a great position to be in, to be able to deliver significant margin improvement in both RIS and in Consulting, while we're investing in those businesses and while we're acquiring in those businesses, and wearing higher amortization and deal costs, et cetera, et cetera. Next question, please.
Daniel S. Glaser: Well, I would say a couple things to look at that. One, January 1 is the renewal date for the 2016 plans, and so, the statistics that Mercer released in their press release in October relate to 2016 and not to 2015. And also, this is a build-mode. This is about acquiring clients, marketing well, serving clients well, being able to handle large amounts of incoming. And so it's not just-in-time inventory of people and capabilities. I mean, that will be more how it operates several years down the road. But right now, this is a build, not a just add on. Next question, please.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yeah. So as we outlined on Investor Day, we anticipated that we were going to be returning higher levels of capital to shareholders because we knew that we would have higher cash flows from operations, we were reducing cash on the balance sheet and we had declining calls on our cash and we also intended to increase our leverage while remaining prudent. And right now, our corporate debt to EBITDA is around 1.6 times, so I would say it's well within the level that we're comfortable with. And so this year, for a variety of different reasons – acquisitions have run at least on a year-to-date basis a little bit higher than what we had been doing the past couple of years and last year was a pretty big year as well. And so, doing $2.4 billion through nine months with the anticipation of our transaction with Jelf which is already announced and should happen within the next two to three months, combined with the idea that we pay out our bonuses in the first quarter and so we tend to be more cash light in the first quarter than in other quarters, I would say that you will see less share buyback certainly in the fourth quarter and most likely in the first quarter as well than what we've done this year. And when I look forward to next year, I think that 2016 probably looks a little bit more like 2014 – $2.3 billion kind of number sounds about right for return of capital to shareholders.
Daniel S. Glaser: In a lot of ways, Larry, it's tougher to be a reinsurance capital provider than a reinsurance broker. Because for us, it's not about the premium per se, it's about the value we create; and in tough environmental markets like this, companies want and need advice and we're there to provide innovative solutions to help them cope with these difficult market conditions.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yeah. No, it's a fair question. And I would say that when we look at the company overall, we're pretty satisfied with our margins. But again, we have a discipline about growing our revenue faster than growing our expenses, and so we will consistently see margin expansion going out into the future. It has not been a one or two or three year story in RIS with regard to margins. We are in the eighth consecutive year of margin expansion in RIS. And just as a reminder, even though we were talking about margins in 2011 and 2012 about, can you grow margins any more, you've come so far since 2008? We grew RIS margins 120 bps in 2012, 150 bps in 2013, 30 bps last year, we're at 130 bps year-to-date. So we have demonstrated an ability over a long period of time of growing margins. And where we sit today, and obviously we don't control all the macro factors, but we feel pretty comfortable that we will be able to expand margins into the future. And certainly, when we look at 2016 we would expect to see margin expansion in both segments. But as we've said before, margins are one of the last things we look about. We think about our organic growth, our level of organic investment to build a better company and support future levels of organic growth. We look at our earnings and whether we're growing NOI and delivering value for our clients and shareholders on that score. And then we look at margins; and margins to us is more of an outcome than anything else. We would gladly give up a bit of margin for faster levels of organic growth and when we see those opportunities, we'll take those opportunities.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yeah, I would say overall, I don't think it's very much different this year to last year, it is a competitive market, but I would say the difference is really when you look back four or five years ago, the multiples were lower than they are today, so it's very important for us to understand that. One of our focuses is on quality and history of good performance and stability of the leadership team, the chemistry, all of those other factors become more important as we evaluate agencies versus each other and determine which ones should be a part of Marsh & McLennan Agency. It's also very important for us to really come to an understanding of what the EBITDA really is. That may be even more important than multiple because these are largely all private companies, and so there is a pro forma aspect of figuring out what EBITDA is, and it takes some skill in determining what is ongoing EBITDA. And so, I think there may be some players out there that might get the multiple right but they get the EBITDA wrong. We want to be right on both the EBITDA and the multiple.
Daniel S. Glaser: But I think that just about does it. We've passed our one hour commitment. And I'd like everyone for joining us this morning. I'd particularly like to thank our clients for their support and our colleagues for their hard work and dedication in serving them. I hope everyone has a very good day and let's go, Mets.
Julio A. Portalatin: Thanks, Dan. First, I'd like to just start off by saying that we were pretty pleased with the solid revenue growth that we had and demonstrated in the third quarter. I was particularly pleased with the balance of that growth across our LOBs [lines of business]. And you know we have a habit now of, quarter after quarter, finding a way to continue to have that spread between revenue growth and expenses so, of course, our margin continues to also improve. We've entered into a strategic alliance with Transamerica, which we think is going to be good for our clients, good for our going forward. And it continues to reinforce, as we've talked about in the past, dis-investing in some of our non-core, as we continue to invest in our core for growth into the future. Things like bolstering our talent business, investing in things like building Mercer Marketplace, and expanding our solutions even further in things like Workday with implementation capabilities, Jeitosa, et cetera. And expanding also our European investment capabilities, which has shown up in some of the improvement that we've had in assets under management, going to $1.38 billion this particular quarter. So our investments have been well-calculated. We continue to look for opportunities to accelerate our growth into the future by increasing footprint across the globe and doing other things. So we're pretty optimistic about how we can continue to generate growth at Mercer.
Julio A. Portalatin: Not too much more to add, Dan. I think that was well answered. But in the context of overall MMC, $13 billion revenue, and then you think about the approximate $4.4 billion of revenue of Mercer, and then you think about the $1.5 billion global revenue we have in H&B, in context, this is clearly a growth strategy for us. And we are wearing the results within the P&L results of Mercer. And we will continue to do that, and I think that we have demonstrated that we can manage that in the context of the improvements that we've had in our margin over the last several years now. So, we'll continue to do that in time-and-time. And by the way, there are other things we invest in too, that we also wear inside the Mercer results and we'll continue to do that as well.
Julio A. Portalatin: Yeah. Well, Dan, thank you. Mercer Marketplace is certainly an important contributor to our growth in the health business and will continue to be so for some time to come. We think that over time, it will continue to be the type of business we want to invest in, make sure that our clients have that option as we think through the strategies that they are thinking about for their benefits. And that's a very important distinction, right, because we are trusted advisors; strategy-first discussions with many of our clients take place all the time. And some have concluded that Mercer Marketplace is the right place for them to be able to maximize the desired outcome that they have for broader employee choice, a quality colleague experience, flexibility and savings. That continues to be the case and we will continue to invest because it will give us that kind of revenue uplift. And ultimately, it's what our clients want. If we end up with those discussions being this option, we want to be there for them. So as you know, in total, the exchange now serves over 700,000 employees and retirees, and with a projected exchange access for an anticipated 1.5 million lives. We're pretty pleased with that and we'll continue to invest.
Julio A. Portalatin: Sure. Thank you for the question. In the fully insured and self-insured, we're really not seeing people make conscious decisions to change from what they have traditionally already been implementing. So if they were fully insured before, they tend to stay fully insured, and if they're self-insured, they tend to stay self-insured. So as an example, I will show you that based on the clientele that we accumulated in our first year of 2014, it was 75% fully insured/25% self-insured and in 2015 it was 60% fully insured and 40% self-insured, and in 2016 it's about the same: 57% fully insured and 43% self-insured.
