John Doyle: Sure, yeah. Marsh in the US got off to a terrific start, US and Canada, I would point out. And Martin, maybe you could give David a little bit more color.
John Doyle: Thanks, Martin. David, I would add, it wasn't a bang-out quarter in terms of M&A activity in our transaction risk business, but it's a smaller part of our -- smaller part of our business now. It's a little feedback there. It's a smaller part of our business after the slowdown. So, the impact was less. But we did see some volume in M&A activity pick up during the quarter, which of course is encouraging. So, thank you for your questions. Andrew, next question, please.
John Doyle: Sure, Jimmy. Thanks for the question. Maybe I'll elaborate a little bit on some of my prepared remarks and then ask Dean to talk a bit about the reinsurance market. But I think both markets continue to stabilize on average in the quarter. And again, I would remind everyone it's a collection of markets, not a single market. That stabilization is good for our clients. And in some cases, a better market has led to increased demand in both insurance and reinsurance. I would also point out that in recent years, we've had higher premium growth in the captives that we manage at Marsh compared to the premium flow into the traditional market. That may change a bit now, we'll see as markets stabilize and our clients can adjust to what the market looks like going forward. I mentioned earlier our index skews to major accounts. So, pricing in the middle-market continues to move up a bit more than the data points I mentioned earlier. But I would also say that insurers and reinsurers are cautious about that rising cost-of-risk environment that I mentioned as well. And so, while again, a stabilizing market is better for our clients overall, I don't expect that relative stability to change anytime soon given some of the rising cost of risk issues that the insurance community is confronting. So, Dean, maybe you can talk a little bit more about what's happening in reinsurance.
John Doyle: Okay. Thanks, Greg. Yeah, we are very pleased with the start to the year. As you recall, of course, Oliver Wyman had a slow start to the year in 2023, had a nice year overall of growth. There's going to be a bit more volatility to revenue growth at Oliver Wyman, but we also expect better growth on average from Oliver Wyman over the medium to longer term. Nick, maybe you can share with Greg some color on demand in the first quarter.
John Doyle: Thank you, Nick. That's very helpful. And Greg, maybe I'll ask Pat Tomlinson also to share some thoughts just on the first quarter at Mercer, given our consulting operations there. And Pat, while you have the floor, as I mentioned, obviously, you're joining this call for the first time. Maybe you could talk a bit about your priorities at Mercer.
John Doyle: Yeah. Thanks, Greg. What I would say is we remain quite active in the market. There's a good -- we have a good strong pipeline, as I've talked about in the past, we have an excellent reputation in that marketplace as being a good owner as well. So, we're excited about the deals we did in the first quarter. And again, we're going to continue to remain active in the market. I think valuations have remained stubbornly high, I would say, on the other side of things. And while we might expect that for top-quality assets, I would also point out that some lesser-quality assets have traded at some very, very high multiples of late. And so, we're going to be picky. We're looking for well-led businesses with real strong growth fundamentals that make us better and are a good cultural fit for our organization. We've been very successful at it. And again, as Mark pointed out, we expect to continue to deploy capital in the market going forward. Thank you, Greg. Andrew, next question, please.
John Doyle: Yeah. Mike, I would say that, it doesn't feel like a soft market to our clients after five years of price increases. And as I noted, our index skews to larger accounts and where there's a bit more volatility, typically, throughout the cycle. I expect cycles to be shorter and narrower than what they've been in the past, right? There's better data, better technology on the underwriting front. Capital moves so much more quickly in and out. That's part of the E&S market dynamic that you all have observed over the course of the last several years. So, I expect kind of more relative stability. And from time to time, of course, certain areas of risk, things will change in some meaningful way and that will maybe bounce a particular product outside of a normal cycle. Insurer and reinsurer underwriting results have improved in the aggregate over the course of the last couple of years. And I think most feel good about how their book -- how their portfolios are positioned. It's not all one result, of course. We saw some reserve additions in the fourth quarter results overall. And as I mentioned on our call in the first quarter, the great unknown is casualty loss costs, right? There's lots of emerging data that's troubling for our entire ecosystem, for our client, and it contributes to that rising cost of risk that I mentioned earlier. I maybe should also point out, and Dean touched on this a little bit that our index adjusts for limit, exposure, attachment point, and it includes new business, right? You see some other indices that are out in the market that don't necessarily adjust for all of those factors. And then maybe the last point, Mike, that I would make is that, that number doesn't necessarily correlate directly with what premium growth is in the market, right, because at the end of the day, I mean, it might be at -- you might have less of an increase, you might have certain clients buying more. I think that's most prevalent in the reinsurance market at the moment, but we're seeing that in some cases at Marsh as well, where clients again having adjusted to the new market pricing and new market equilibrium has led to a higher level of demand for coverage from our clients. So, anyway, I hope that's helpful. Andrew, next question, please.
John Doyle: Yeah, I don't -- no one-offs or major issues there, just on top of a couple of years of very, very good comps and strong growth. We love how we're positioned in Asia, big protection gaps throughout Asia. We have really strong country -- in-country operations all throughout the region. So, we're not just a regional center. We're in-country and working very, very closely with our clients there. As we've said to you in the past, I wouldn't look at any one particular quarter. And again, it's on top of what's been some outstanding growth in Asia over the last couple of years. So, we feel good about where we're headed in Asia overall. Andrew, next question, please.
John Doyle: No, it's -- I mean, in both of the segments you mentioned, it is a highly competitive market, and we love competition. There's nothing that gets me more fired up than getting out in front of clients and, of course, winning ultimately. And our team is the same way. We're passionate about the value that we try to deliver to our clients. And so, as I mentioned earlier, we're collaborating more than ever. And in those particular segments you mentioned, I think it's been particularly meaningful over the course of the last year or so, our efforts to bring a broader set of capabilities to that client set. But no, it's a very, very competitive market and we welcome it. It makes us better. Thanks, Meyer. Andrew, next question? And maybe the last one.
John Doyle: Sure. Thank you, Robert. Healthcare and the healthcare industry is a big part of our business overall. And I don't think it's any secret that medical inflation and healthcare-related cost inflation is a major pressure point for our clients in many markets really around the world. It's been a big driver of growth for us, and we continue to invest in it. I talked about in my prepared remarks some of the collaboration between Marsh and Mercer to try to bring some sort of relief to an angle of cost pressure in that marketplace. But Pat, maybe you could talk about the growth we're seeing and some of the cost inflation as well.
John Doyle: All right. Thank you, Andrew. And I want to thank everyone for joining us on the call this morning. In closing, I want to thank our colleagues for their hard work and dedication. I also want to thank our clients for their continued support. Thank you all very much, and I look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
