Brian Duperreault: Keith, I'd say that's great. It's nice to be in a position where we can talk about that. We've articulated our strategy with respect to the brokerage with the Marsh & McLennan agencies and done some other acquisitions, and we were behind in that area because, with the issues at Marsh, it wouldn't make any sense to put additional companies together with it. But that's changed, and so we've been devoting our energies to the brokerage side. But that doesn't mean that acquisitions are not in the future of the Consulting. Certainly, we have been doing that over time, and I would expect that to continue. I think it's really a reflection of the fact that we had not been addressing the needs of the brokerage side. And so that's -- I think you'll see acquisitions going forward, and I mentioned that in my growth comments.
Brian Duperreault: Well, let me do it this way. How about Vanessa talks about that footnote, and then Michelle can talk about margins. So Vanessa, why don't you start.
Brian Duperreault: So talking about -- just general question about the use of cash. And as I mentioned in our four pillars, cash generation is going to be one of the hallmarks of this company, once again. And it should have always been, but we'll get back to where we were. And I said it's a wonderful position to be in. We don't need much capital, as I said earlier. So what do you do with the cash? Once we get past our dividend policy, which should be significant, we would return it to shareholders in different ways. And I think the best way, frankly, is to continue to grow this company. As we ask about M&A earlier, I would use the cash for M&A purposes. We have a pipeline in the agency side, potential for the Consulting. So it is a question of what is best for the shareholders, what's the best return. In that equation, one has to consider the question of stock buybacks, so it would be a use if it is the best use for the ultimate benefit. But my preference has always been to grow the company and to find good strategic partners that make the company greater. And that's how this company has grown over time, and I think that's the way it's going to continue to grow.
Brian Duperreault: Well, yes, I guess it does have special significance, since we have to replace the earnings. But all cash is that way, all cash is that way. But yes, I think you're really saying, are we focusing on finding ways of continuing our earnings growth, best use of cash. And the answer is, yes, we are looking for the best way to use cash in general and that one in particular to continue our earnings growth.
Brian Duperreault: We were just -- we had our board meeting in Beijing and Shanghai because of the significance we see for China, and specifically in Asia in general. And it is where the dramatic amount of growth is taking place globally. And interestingly, what we do for a living, this Consulting business, whether it's in Broking or it's HR, general strategic is somewhat of a late developing aspect to economies. And so it's kind of like our turn now. So we would expect a significant growth for quite a long time to come.
Brian Duperreault: Well, I thought you're going to ask me a different question, which I wouldn't comment on. But I think we have -- we certainly have the potential to make large acquisitions. There's no question about that. And it's our job to find the ones that fit the best for us and match the strategic direction we're taking for the best degree.
Brian Duperreault: Okay. Well, thank you very much, and thanks, everybody for your attention. And so I just want to maybe take a moment just to emphasize our commitment on growth. We're a growth company, and we're going to get back to growing and you should look for that. And when we talk to you, September 30 at our Investment Day in New York, we hope to continue that dialogue. So once again, thank you, and goodbye.
Vanessa Wittman: Sure, Keith, I think what you're referring to is where we walk through our non-GAAP measures. And what we did was, we -- in order to make the quarter-to-quarter comparison more meaningful because we have qualified Alaska as a noteworthy, we also stripped that $30 million in the adjusted for the second quarter 2009. Otherwise, you would see an inflated margin improvement quarter-to-quarter. So that's the $30 million.
Vanessa Wittman: It's already in the disc ops calculation. If you flip to the schedule on Page 12, Jay, it's probably the easiest place for you to track through.
Vanessa Wittman: Thomas, if you go to Page 9 on the schedules, that's probably the easiest place to see it. The Alaska settlement is indeed a one-time settlement. The reason that you see the professional liability included for the three months June 30, 2009, is so that you see more consistent margin comparability within Consulting. If it were excluded, the margin expansion would be overstated. So it's in there as a onetime, not a recurring.
M. Burns: Yes, I think the underlying question is what to expect from the Consulting segment, and perhaps doesn't -- in particular. And the way that I would view our margins pickup, if you will, is as follows. First of all, I've talked before about the amount of work that we have put in as a company in terms of two things. First of all, retooling, in general, our infrastructure to better be able to leverage our business across all the geographies that we have. And secondly, we spent a significant amount of effort to retool our risk profile. And those efforts started in 2005 and '06 and have continued over the last four years so that our risk profile is different. In fact, I believe our risk is much better managed at this point in time. I think thirdly, it's important to remember that Mercer undertook a strategy about 2005, 2006 that should build out its three pillars. Our Consulting segment is quite strong. From a margin perspective, outsourcing and investments we have been growing and investing in. So we talk about a lot about M&A with this company and M&A being inorganic. But there is a way to look at Mercer that says that there's been a significant amount of organic M&A by building out outsourcing and investments. So in summary, if you look at that profile, we have two businesses that we've been investing in for five years that are rapidly maturing in terms of their infrastructure, as well as a better infrastructure overall, which would lead to an expectation of expanded margins for some time to come.
M. Burns: Absolutely. I'll talk about it across the three pillars with the slight decomposition on Consulting. Between the six months to three months, we're seeing improvement in Consulting. We improved about one percentage point, still negative, but it's going in the right direction. The Retirement business remains subdued for those economic reasons, as well as the nature of that business. I think it's important to remember in Retirement that it is a big component of that Consulting number that we had positive growth in the second quarter and the first quarter of 2009, which is a little bit unusual. So as we continue to come off those comparabilities I think we'll see some growth in Retirement. Our H&B is showing some growth. And importantly, while Talent and Rewards is still negative, it is improving significantly quarter-over-quarter. So overall, we see a 3% decline in our Consulting business. But as you decompose it, it's actually some signs of positive things. The Talent and Rewards business tends to be the business that leads the way in terms of being a bit of a shift. I've took some optimism from that, not just about Mercer's business, but perhaps about the economic environment, which is still quite uncertain and bouncing around along the geographies. But at least in that area, it typically is an area that gives us some indication of what people are willing to spend discretionary dollars on. Outsourcing is doing what we expected to do. It's a strong business that's stable and it's continuing to have a strong pipeline of sale, which we will see, show up in 2011. So I think it's doing what we expected to do as the second pillar of a three-pillar strategy. And investments is doing exactly the same thing, investment has 17% growth across the six months and it's very exciting for us and also producing quarter-after-quarter. So I think both of those things together are important. When I step back from the Consulting basis doing more or less what one might expect in an uncertain economy with growth showing up in the right places, outsourcing holding stable and then investments leading the way with significant growth rates. And so as I've look at it, I feel pretty comfortable with where we are and continue to believe that Mercer's going to show overall growth in the low single digits some time during this year.
M. Burns: Sure. From that perspective, the move -- Aon, Hewitt move, does two things. First of all, it presents a stabilizing market environment. So we evolve into three similarly-sized large competitors in a marketplace with a lot of smaller fractured competitors below that. And so the stabilizing industry structure in what we hope is a stabilizing market environment is certainly a good thing to me. Secondly, the move is a clear, if you will, endorsement of the Mercer three-pillar strategy, and a lot of a conversation around that acquisition confirms our strategy, which we believe very strongly as you hear me say quarter-after-quarter. And so I feel very good about that. And then finally, I believe that our business is quite strong. We have had to -- through this significant recession, we have done less damage to our Consulting organization of this size and scope than one might expect. And given that we are well positioned to spring forward as we hope the economy begins to recover and deploy all our assets in the marketplace right away. I feel very good about it. I think from their perspective, it's a logical move and then generally for the industry and specifically for Mercer, it's a good playing field for us to compete against them.
M. Burns: Yes, let me answer that question for the U.S. and then for the rest of the world, specifically Asia Pacific. The Consulting pipeline, especially at that complex higher end is very strong and we saw some of that in second quarter and expect that to continue, as you would expect, as a result of U.S. legislation. So in that regard, it's quite strong there. Now the business is quite different all around the world. We do see good growth in EMEA and H&B and we also have seen some nice growth and double-digits growth coming out of Asia Pacific and H&B as a result of flex benefit plan that employers are putting in. So overall, the H&B business is strong. We focused a lot on the U.S. because it is a very significant part of that portfolio and it is also strong with regard to Consulting services, and it's growing and stabling and beginning to grow with regard to the Brokerage Services. The differential with the Brokerage end is that we are still lapping headcount reductions and that revenue is driven strictly by that. So I think you would see -- could expect to see that moderate and then again, the comps to come around and see growth in H&B in general supported by a stronger U.S. growth.
Daniel Glaser: Sure. Well, you can do the math, Larry, but I would tell you that new business within Marsh on a total basis in the quarter was $229 million, so that was 11% growth. And as we reported before in the first quarter, it was about $221 million. And so it's been very healthy and that growth level has been expanding as well. So with 7% growth of new business in the first quarter, 11% growth in the second quarter.
Daniel Glaser: Sure. I'll take that. It's Dan. The conditions in the U.S. remain challenging for us and our competitors. When you're in such a market, there really is no trend and we see that in our results. The underlying fundamentals in the market really make it tough to generate any kind of consistency, and the result is that a few key pieces of business falling in one quarter or another really change the results so change the numbers quite a bit. That said, I'm very pleased with how the U.S. business and Canadian business is actually performing. We've had solid new business in the U.S. Canada division as an example, $89 million, which was 6% growth part of the overall $229 million in the quarter. Our account retention levels are still very strong in the low 90s. And actually not only strong, but very stable with where they were last year as well. So the basic business is performing, and I don't believe that the minus four represents a new trend. I think that we're more likely, that you'll look at that as a six-month trend rather than a quarter.
Daniel Glaser: Yes, we're going to be -- I mean, the market itself in the U.S. has very strong downward rate environment, exposure units have been down. That's beginning to abate somewhat. But it's still a soft market, getting softer. So from that perspective, I look at a whole number of different metrics new business, RFP performance, our retention of key personnel, our ability to hire in the market and strategic recruiting. And when I look at the overall business, I'm comfortable where it is and I think it's doing well. And in terms of trend line, I'm comfortable that I wouldn't pin it exactly to timing, but I am comfortable that we're sort of bouncing around a little bit and that we're just as likely to have a decent quarter of next, as we were having what I viewed as not a stronger top line as I would like in the second.
Daniel Glaser: Sure. I'll start. I mean, when I look at -- well, one, we're a global company. We have operations on the ground in 90 different countries, and I would say the level of GDP growth is very variable. The level of project work is really variable as well. Our underlying growth in -- and by the way, I'm an internationalist. So growth is growth, it doesn't matter much to me as to whether it's appearing in one spot or another, we run our business as a firm. When I look at our overall business in international growing 6% in the quarter, with really very strong growth in both Asia Pacific and also Latin America, and decent growth, 3% growth in EMEA. So it was really very broad based. More than 35 countries or territories grew more than 5% for us in the second quarter and 20 of those grew more than 15%. So I feel very good about where we're performing on a growth standpoint. And to me, margin -- there are -- we clearly are interested in growing our margin over time. As you know, it's a lot easier to do that when you're moving the top line. Having said that though, we focused on aligning our expense base with our revenues. So I'm quite comfortable that even in a very low growth environment, we would still be able to move our margins. We have a bit of a headwind now because as you know, our pension expense has grown a little bit. But in our view, we have just really started on looking at our business in a strategic way, reducing the number of process steps, creating less variability on how we handle business. And that will take, in my view, a significant amount of cost out of the business over the coming few years.
Daniel Glaser: I'll start, Jay. First of all, in regard to contingent commissions, we've been very consistent in our approach. As I've said before, the broader issue in our mind relate to all carrier revenue streams and the potential conflicts of interest that they present. All brokers, all of them, receive carrier compensation in one form or another and each of these arrangements requires a good system of internal controls to manage those conflicts. So I do think that the view that contingent commissions could represent the only conflict of interest facing insurance brokers is simplistic and actually wrong. In our view recently, Aon announced a change in their position. I respect their position. But as we've said, we do not intend to pursue contingent commissions on our Brokerage business in the U.S. and Canada. In other parts of our business around the world, though, we will consider taking them where appropriate. And one of the things is, over the last couple of years, we have been pursuing higher retail commissions and enhanced commissions now successfully. And so I don't see a material uplift certainly in the near term from our release from the settlement agreement. And enhanced yield, in terms of higher retail commission or enhanced commission or fee-for-services types of payment are an integral part of our revenue stream and their recurring revenues and they're very different from contingents. So on that basis, we don't plan on separately disclosing them.
Daniel Glaser: Yes. I mean, it's interesting because we, as a group, were recently in China and I wouldn't set -- I spent some time before that in other parts of Asia the previous week. I would not set any bars on what our expectations are. This is a high-growth optimistic building region. And so from that perspective, I wouldn't want to set any management expectation that reduces the amount of potential that we have in those businesses. I'm very excited about those businesses. We've invested in people in those businesses, and I certainly don't believe that a double-digit growth rate would be unusual in a normal economic environment.
