Dan Glaser: Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our second quarter results reported earlier today. I’m Dan Glaser, President and CEO of Marsh McLennan. Joining me on the call today is John Doyle, our Group President and COO; Mark McGivney, our CFO; and the CEOs of our businesses, Martin South of Marsh; Dean Klisura of Guy Carpenter; Martine Ferland of Mercer; and Nick Studer of Oliver Wyman. Also with us this morning is Sarah DeWitt, Head of Investor Relations. Marsh McLennan’s second quarter was outstanding. Top line momentum continued to cross our business, extending our strongest run of quarterly underlying growth in over two decades. We generated robust top and bottom line results topping tough comparables in the prior year. Underlying growth of 10% in the quarter reflects considerable strength across our organization. It represents the fifth consecutive quarter of 10% or higher top line growth, building on 13% growth a year ago. Adjusted operating income of $1.3 billion was a second quarter record and grew 8% on top of 24% in the second quarter of 2021. Adjusted EPS growth of 8% is notable given our 33% growth in the second quarter of 2021, costs related to our strategic talent investments and the rebound of expenses such as T&E. We also completed the highest level of quarterly share repurchases in over a decade, buying back $600 million of stock. Overall, our second quarter performance reflects the strength of Marsh McLennan, the relevance of what we do and the expertise of our colleagues. I’m pleased with the momentum of our second quarter results, especially when viewed in the context of a macroeconomic and geopolitical backdrop that has become increasingly tense over the course of the year. Entering 2022, the outlook was cautiously optimistic, reflecting expectations for above average GDP growth. Fast forward to today and we hear more about the rising risk of recession, the highest inflation in two generations, geopolitical tumult, central bank hawkishness and bear markets and risk assets. We have proven to be a resilient firm and we are prepared to act as conditions warrant. However, in the current environment, we believe it is worth noting some nuances to the macro story that remains supportive of our growth. While the real GDP growth outlook has softened, the outlook for inflation has risen. These two factors have somewhat offsetting impacts on insurance premiums. Even if GDP growth softens as predicted, higher inflation will increase insured values and likely cause higher loss costs. Additionally, P&C insurance pricing conditions remain firm, we are helping clients navigate an environment where underwriters remain cautious about where and how they deploy capital and terms and conditions are tight in some product lines. Insurers also continue to account for the rising frequency and severity of catastrophe losses, the risk of social inflation and firmer reinsurance market. Looking at the health benefits and workforce sectors, the U.S. labor market remains among the tightest employment environments of the past half century. Even if it has tempered at the margins, the U.S. unemployment rate is back to pre-pandemic lows and yet over 11 million jobs remain unfilled. And short-term interest rates are rising due to central bank tightening, which will be a benefit to fiduciary income. Importantly, we are in the business of risk, strategy and people when the world is unsettled demand for our services rises. We are helping our clients adapt to this rapidly changing landscape and navigate long-term challenges as well as opportunities. We are increasingly harnessing the collective power of our firm to guide clients as they deal with issues such as geopolitical risk, the pandemic, cyber threats, global supply chain disruptions, capital markets volatility, climate change, tight labor markets and new ways of working. Even if a recession does emerge, Marsh McLennan is well positioned to perform through the economic cycle. Since we went public in 1962, we have grown EPS during all recessionary periods. Most notably in the severe recessions that accompanied the global financial crisis and the pandemic in 2020. We have demonstrated our ability to manage the expense base in both good and tough times and run our business to grow revenues faster than expenses. We have reported adjusted operating margin improvement for 14 consecutive years. We also have a track record of delivering today, while investing for the future. This includes generating attractive financial performance, while at the same time investing in our talent and capabilities. Overall, I am proud of how we are executing and delivering for clients today and we continue to believe that over the long-term demand for our advice and solutions will remain strong, given rising levels of complexity, volatility and uncertainty across the business landscape. With that, let me turn it over to John for his comments on the quarter.
Dan Glaser: Yeah. I’m not going to give you guidance about our revenue next year or later. I mean, I do think it’s important to note that in all past recessions, since 1962, we grew adjusted EPS and we know how to run a business in good times and in bad times. And we’ve proven to be a very resilient firm. Now, there is certainly uncertainty about the economic outlook and big deal to be concerned about on a macro basis and a geopolitical basis in the world today. I mean, that’s to be sure. But as I noted in the script, there are other factors which tend to support our growth. And whether it’s strong demand for our services in difficult times, whether its inflation, as you mentioned, higher interest rates, which are direct benefit to fiduciary income and profitability, and the insurance market is firm, its firm and if anything, reinsurance on the property side is even tightening. So we feel good about where we are positioned now. As we’ve seen in past recessions, you could see the most discretionary parts of our business are Oliver Wyman and Mercer Career. You take them together, it’s about 16% or 17% of the total firm, and they tend to be impacted the quickest in downturn. However right now their performance has been remarkably strong in both Oliver Wyman and Mercer Career, and their pipelines remain strong. So the red flag is not going up quite yet, but we watch it carefully.
Dan Glaser: No, I mean, I’ll hand off to Nick in a second, but Oliver Wyman’s performance has been very strong. Pipelines still look good. They’re getting a lot of looks across different areas. Everything from efficiency plays to growth plays. And so Nick, you want to give us a little bit more.
Dan Glaser: No, we’ve grown our margins in good times and in bad times. And certainly this is our – this will be our 15th year of margin expansion because it’s fundamentally philosophically the way we run the business. We grow revenues at a faster pace than we grow expenses. And so our margins will go up on that basis. Now, our underlying levels of growth have a big impact, the higher the levels of growth, that we see next year, the year after the more we’ll be able to think about margins, the tighter levels of growth would make those things more difficult. But we’re a company that can perform in good times and in bad times. And so things like recessions, they’re a natural form of the economic cycle in a capitalist society. So we don’t fret over that and we don’t plan all that much around it. We’ll run our business and we’ll deliver fine results and we’ll continue to invest as we go. Next question, please.
Dan Glaser: Yes, I mean, ultimately, there’s several things that we are working on, I would say in over both throughout short-term, midterm and long-term as a way to become a more efficient organization and that touches upon technology modernization, real estate rationalization, different ways of working for our colleagues. Looking at a number of factors on operational excellence, I mean, I think in general, we’re still in the early to mid stages of being able to create operational improvements within the firm, which deliver higher levels of client service at lower levels of internal cost. And that’s something that we’re certainly very focused on. One of the things that we’re looking at as well is you don’t want to get too cautious, too early. Our business is doing significantly well. We’ve been investing throughout both through the pandemic in – as well as in 2021. And we continue to invest today. We’re still in a hiring mode. Although, the hiring pace is more similar to 2019 than it would have been in 2021, where we had a real surge in strategic hiring, most of our costs are pretty identifiable. You have compensation and benefits. You’ve got technology, you have premises or real estate, and you have T&E. So the levers that you can utilize are available. And I have to say, we have a very large variable compensation pool driven by profitability. And so, it is dramatically larger than it was a decade ago or five years ago because our profitability is dramatically larger. And that gives us tremendous flexibility of protecting shareholders in the event that that we hit some headwinds on growth or macroeconomic factors. So you never want to be tangling about macroenvironment and we’re not. But on the other hand, I don’t think there’s a more resilient organization that you could actually invest in.
Dan Glaser: Yes. I mean, to be clear, we are super pleased with our modest margin expansion year to date. I mean, come on, we hired 6,000 people on a net basis last year and we’ve been able to grow our business and deliver some modest margin expansion. And all the growth benefit or I shouldn’t say all, most of the growth benefit is in our future as opposed to in our past. So, if we look at the back half of the third quarter, the headwind on comp have been expensed from all of the hiring begins to abate. And so, there’ll be – and the growth benefit will continue. And so we don’t give margin guidance by quarter. But we give it by year and we’re saying our margins are going to go up this year. We’re going to have strong EPS in 2022. And so we feel good about where we are on margins. We don’t run the business obsessing about margins, frankly, we run the business looking at growing our top line and growing our profitability and margins are an outcome of growing our revenue faster than growing our expense. But our – the back half of the year will play out and we’ll deliver a strong year. We think it’ll be a very good year. Next question, please.
Dan Glaser: Sure. Well, clearly multiples have gone up over the last few years. And certainly when you look at longer stretches of time, they’ve gone up materially. And so we have to be more diligent in deciding as we go through pro forma statements of private companies, what’s really real and what will remain and how we think about the business. Our pipeline is pretty good. When we – what we announce with regard to Westpac in Australia though, has cash out the door next year, not this year, even though that is a commitment that that we’ve made in terms of acquiring a business. So our pipeline remains strong, but we have no budget with regard to acquisitions. Acquisitions are a core part of our competency and what we do as a firm. And you’re very right to focus on share repurchase as being a somehow a dual – a duo with acquisitions. If we have a year that’s particularly light on acquisitions, then we would have a stronger year of share repurchase. We favor share repurchases over building cash on the balance sheet. So you look at our dividend, which went up by 10%, that’s the first call. Then we look at acquisitions, but we don’t have a budget on acquisition, and we don’t press on acquisitions. They occur when they occur. Then share repurchase goes in front of building cash on the balance sheet. And so, yes, so far, first half of this year has favored share repurchase. Doesn’t mean the second half will. We’ll just have to see how it plays out.
Dan Glaser: Terrific. And I’d like to thank everyone for joining us on the call this morning. I want to thank our 83 colleagues for their commitment, hard work and dedication to Marsh McLennan. Look forward to speaking with you all next quarter. Goodbye.
Mark McGivney: Thank you, John and good morning. As Dan and John mentioned our strong financial performance in the second quarter reflects continued momentum across our business. We saw another quarter of double underlying revenue growth and meaningful earnings growth despite tough prior year revenue and expense comparisons. We generated GAAP EPS of $1.91 in the quarter and adjusted EPS of $1.89 up 8% from a year ago. This comes on top of adjusted EPS growth of 33% in the second quarter of last year. Operating income was $1.4 billion and adjusted operating income was $1.3 billion. Our adjusted operating margin was 26.7% in the second quarter up 30 basis points year-over-year. John covered our business operating results. So I’ll cover some of the other aspects of our performance and outlook. Adjusted corporate expense was $62 million in the second quarter. Based on our current outlook, we expect approximately $142 million for the second half of the year. Foreign exchange was a headwind of $0.03 to our adjusted due to the strength of the U.S. dollar against most major currencies. Year-to-date foreign exchange represents $0.07 headwind. Assuming exchange rates remain at current levels. We expect FX to be a headwind of $0.01 in the third quarter and $0.05 in the fourth quarter. Our other net benefit credit was $59 million in the quarter. For the full year 2022, we expect our other net benefit credit will be about $240 million. Investment income was $2 million in the second quarter on a GAAP basis and $3 million on an adjusted basis and mainly reflects gains in our private equity portfolio. Interest expense in the second quarter was $114 million compared to $110 million in the second quarter of 2021. Based on our current forecast, we expect interest expense to be about $118 million in each of the third and fourth quarters. Our adjusted effective tax rate in the second quarter was 23.7% compared with 24.4% in the second quarter of last year. The lower rate this quarter was driven by a decline in our underlying tax rate to 25% from 25.5% a year ago. Our tax rate in the quarter also included a benefit from favorable discrete items, the largest of which related to stock compensation. When we give forward guidance tax rate, we do not project discrete items, which can be positive or negative. Based on the current environment, it is reasonable to assume an adjusted effective tax rate of around 25% for 2022. Turning to capital management, our balance sheet, we ended the quarter with total debt of $11.8 billion. Our next scheduled debt maturity is March of 2023, when $350 million of senior notes mature. We continue to expect to deploy approximately $4 billion of capital in 2022 across dividends, acquisitions and share repurchases, the ultimate level of share repurchase will depend on how our M&A pipeline develops. Last week, we raised our quarterly dividend 10% marking our 13th consecutive year of dividend increases. In the second quarter, we bought back 3.8 million shares of our stock for $600 million reflecting our strong financial position and outlook for cash generation. Our acquisition pipeline remains active. As John mentioned, we recently announced Mercer’s agreement with Westpac to combine the BT and Mercer Super Trust in Australia. We are also looking forward to Mercer’s acquisition of Advanced Asset Management from Westpac. We are excited about these deals and how they extend Mercer’s leading position in OCIO. Our cash position at the end of this quarter was $909 million. Uses of cash in the quarter totaled $1.1 billion and included $275 million for dividends, $232 million for acquisitions and $600 million for share repurchases. For the first six months uses of cash totaled $1.9 billion and included $547 million for dividends, $273 million for acquisitions and $1.1 billion for share repurchases. Regarding the outlook for the rest of 2022, we remain on track for a terrific year. Our top line comps get tougher in the second half, and there’s greater uncertainty in the macro outlook. However, with our strong first half, we see underlying growth at the upper end of our full-year guidance of mid single digits or higher. We also continue to expect margin expansion for the full year and solid growth in adjusted EPS. With that, I’m happy to turn it back to Dan.
Mark McGivney: Sure. As we consistently say, we try not to focus too much on free cash flow growth in a particular quarter, even over the course of a particular year, because it can be a lot of volatility. But when we look back over a long stretch of time going back a decade or more, we’ve delivered double digit growth in free cash flow and our outlook for free cash flow growth is that will continue to deliver strong free cash flow growth. You pointed out the comparison challenge. The early part of the year is our seasonal low for cash generation because of our variable comp payouts. And the first half of this year has a tough comparable. Our variable comp pools were up substantially last year based on our significant good performance. And so you have that tough comp against the low base and that’s been the drag early in the year. As you pointed out and not that I want to focus on cash flow in a particular quarter, but in the second quarter we were up 8%. But I think the bottom line is our outlook for cash generation remains strong.
Mark McGivney: Yes, sure. And when you look at our guidance over the course of the full year, so $0.07 in the first half, and then $0.06 across the back half, they’re pretty meaningful impact when you look back over the last several. And actually tracks pretty well with our 10-K disclosure of 10% move in the dollar against major currencies what that means. For the third quarter though, and we’ve talked about this in the past, there is a modest impact and that is what we are modelling, assuming that rates stay where they are today. Really what you see in the third quarter is because of dollar placement activity in London a weak pound actually act as a bit of a hedge against a strong dollar relative to the other currencies. And that pound impact that natural hedge impact, if you will is most significant in this coming third quarter. And so what you see is a benefit from the weak pound offsetting some of the other currencies. But as we get to the fourth quarter, that’s when that benefit as strong and then we see that $0.05 in the fourth quarter.
Mark McGivney: Yes. Generally not significantly, most of our margin is going to be driven by our operating performance.
John Doyle: Sure, Dan. Yeah, at least we’re very pleased with the hiring we did last year. As you know, we capitalized on our brand as – our strong brand as an employer in the marketplace and some market dislocation. And it’s worked out exceedingly well for us. Our focus this year has been onboarding that talent and a success and bringing them to a level of productivity. As we noted last quarter, Guy Carpenter, the impact on Guy Carpenter was a bit earlier as expected than it will be at Marsh, but the talent we brought in has been very, very helpful at Marsh as well. We serve our clients in teams. And I think one of the things that feels particularly good about is just the cultural fit of these new colleagues, it’s worked out very, very well. So we’re on target from productivity. We slightly ahead and we feel terrific about the investments we made.
John Doyle: You know, Dan, maybe one more thing to throw in, at least you talked about inflation and pricing in the commercial P&C market, a better asked about that, but our revenue line is also exposed to medical inflation. I noted that in my prepared remarks, but medical inflation also is a tailwind for us.
John Doyle: Sure. Jimmy, just a little bit of background and I’ll ask Martin and Dean to talk about some of the marketplace, some observations they have around the current marketplace. So, as I said earlier, prices reining up in both insurance and re-insurance. Insurers and reinsurers remain concerned about elevated cat losses over the last several years, including secondary perils. They’re spending a lot of time better modeling and understanding secondary perils. Inflation, both core inflation but their concerns about social inflation as well. And then the frequency of large losses, insurers led the turn in the market several years ago. Now reinsurers are pressing on pricing and terms and conditions. So the things have changed a bit, but as I mentioned, retail pricing, insurance pricing remains up. Martin, maybe I’d ask you to share some observations first, and then we’ll ask Dean to talk about what’s going on in the reinsurance market.
John Doyle: Thanks. Good. Thank you, Martin. And Dean, as I noted in my prepared remarks, there’s some segments of the reinsurance market are capacity constraints, maybe you can touch on that as you share some observations with Jimmy.
