John Doyle: Sure, Dan. Elyse, as I noted earlier, we're very pleased with our start to the year. Growth was strong pretty much across the board and I think you're referring to strat hires in RIS. But I want to note the growth in consulting was quite strong in the quarter as well as we're seeing good demand for our services across the board. We're pleased with the start in terms of the strat hire impact. As Dan noted, the impact was a little bit more notable in Guy Carpenter at this point. But it will take some time for them to become really fully accretive to our revenue expectations. It's a two to three-year period. So, our focus is on onboarding them as successfully as possible, but so far so good. The quarter really creates some good momentum for us. Obviously, there's a macroeconomic uncertainty given the war, given rising rates, supply chain issues, inflation, although I'd note inflation is generally a good thing for us on capital markets volatility, but we're well-positioned. As I said earlier, there's strong demand for our services, and we expect a good strong year of growth.
John Doyle: Thanks Dean. Just one quick last point, Jimmy. We continue to invest heavily in data and analytics, really help our clients navigate the market and make the trade-offs ever for them. So, it's a client-by-client outcome ultimately.
John Doyle: Sure, Dan. Meyer, we're quite excited about our role here and the ability to impact clients and their future. And it's contributing positively to our growth now, but we're in the very early stages of what's possible here across all the businesses. Dan added some of the work that we're doing in his prepared remarks. But again, we're developing new solutions, new products and working with our clients every single day. We're part of the sustainable markets initiative overall as a company. So, we're excited about that. Nick, maybe I'll ask you to comment first. You're doing a lot of work, particularly around climate, around broader issues as well.
John Doyle: Martine, maybe you could comment? Obviously, we see big demand in career services, but are also doing a lot of work in investments.
John Doyle: Sure. Good morning, Brian. We did three small deals in the quarter, one at Oliver Wyman, in Australia, one at M&A here, of course, in the United States, and then we did one at Mercer Marsh Benefits in France. So, we remain very active in the market. The pipeline, as Dan noted, is pretty solid. Generally speaking, the pipeline is deepest in the middle market brokerage space, and that's typically where we see some of our best and most attractive opportunities. But I would point out, we've done some more at Oliver Wyman, a lot of work at Oliver Wyman of late, not just in the quarter, but in the later part of last year. You may have seen that we recently announced that we expect to close on Booz Allen Hamilton's Middle Eastern business sometime in the second quarter. So, we'll see how the market evolves. Part of the dynamic here is our reputation as a buyer is very strong in these markets. And so, we get a good look at very attractive assets.
John Doyle: Sure. Sure, Ryan. Yeah. We're pleased with our start in EMEA. We had good growth in the U.K. As we've shared in the past, for Continental Europe, the first quarter is a big part of the overall year. So, we're pleased to get off to a strong start. I think the one area that was probably notable on the RIS side is the impact of capital markets, the slowdown in M&A, the slowdown in IPOs. We began to see a bit of an impact as the quarter went on. But overall, demand again for our services remains quite strong and we feel good about how we're positioned all over the world, but in EMEA, in particular.
Dan Glaser: Sure. I mean, similar to last year, the growth of expense was virtually all related to compensation and benefits. And so, we continue to manage our expenses as we've always done. And when we look at the start of this year, yeah, things like T&E are a bit higher than what they were and we would hope that, that would continue, because it would point to more of a return to a normal operating environment. However, our searches for efficiency never ends. Our goal -- and I think I've said it on previous calls in the past, I mean, a healthy comp and ben as a percentage of revenue is a good thing for our business, for a people business. But continued focus on reducing all other operating expenses, particularly as we grow the firm bigger and bigger and use our -- some of our scale advantages to get some economies is something that's a core of how we operate the firm. So, I don't think you're going to see a lot of growth in the all other expense category. In fact, over time, you'll see reductions there. Next question, please.
Dan Glaser: Yeah. There's no inherent buildup issues that we're aware of, but there are implications to this war -- this war in Ukraine that are yet to play out. And so, we don't know what those are. What's the impact on energy prices? What's the impact on GDP globally, in particular, in Europe? Is there a continuation of taking size, which creates more division in the world? And what's the impact on that basis in terms of the last 20 years globalization developments? And so, there's a lot of factors, Jimmy. And that's part of the uncertainty that we've all talked about. We're doing very well. In some ways, we thrive in periods of uncertainty and volatility, because our clients want to talk issues through and we're a company that they turn to on some of these issues. But in terms of headwinds that it could conceivably create, I think, it's going to play out for quite a while now. We'll just have to see how it goes. But we've demonstrated in many different periods of time, whether it's a global financial crisis, COVID, et cetera, that we are an extremely resilient organization.
Dan Glaser: We're going to have margin expansion this year. And it will be our 15th year -- consecutive years of margin expansion. We run our business where every year our revenue growth will exceed our expense growth. And it's not every quarter, but it's most quarters and it's certainly every year. It's the way we approach the business. And we have a tremendous capability of managing that expense base in both good times and tough times. Some ways, managing your expense base in tough times is easier than managing your expense base in good times where everybody wants to do need in different things. So -- but ultimately, we're comfortable that we've got growth momentum, and that will continue based upon the industries that we serve.
Dan Glaser: No. It's a good question. And I've been in the business for 40 years. Clients don't want to get involved in the paying the 27 underwriters who are on their account and some of those things are semiannual payments and some are even monthly or quarterly. It is an administrative complexity that clients have no interest in being part of. We take our fiduciary responsibilities very seriously. So, it's not like we can invest long on fiduciary assets. So, it's all the short end of the curve. But we would anticipate no pushback on getting some income -- some fiduciary income because the fact of the matter is, for a number of years, this has only been a one-way traffic in the direction of down. And so, there's been many years where we've done an awful lot of work around billings and payments in which there was very little or no compensation related to it. So, we're looking at this as a potentially large upside to us.
Dan Glaser: Thanks. So, you can see, Meyer, we're all over the ESG space and expect it to underpin our growth in future years. Next question, please.
Dan Glaser: Yeah. I mean, I think, the way to look at it is, our revenue over the next several years should benefit from the organic hiring that we did last year. I mean, you look at it on the basis of -- last year, we had an opportunity to make significant organic investments in building our business. And it's something that we always focus on delivering good results today, but always focusing on the future and how we can build a better company. And this is an opportunity that John and I haven't seen in our careers in terms of being able to build the business on an organic basis. And so, we had the opportunity and we had the means, and last year's strong levels of organic growth helped provide those means and meant that we could still deliver good results to investors last year, while we were making these strong organic investments. You have to know that we all know around the table that organic investments are always short-term dilutive, and it's harder to do in some ways and acquisitions just by the P&L map, but we made the right decision and press forward. The vast majority of that expense is comp and ben. And the way I would look at it is we've got another two or three quarters and then the expense growth is going to be in the rearview mirror, but the capability and the growth kicker will remain. And so, this is a huge benefit to the overall organization. We're not going to quantify whether Henry and Sally are delivering today. I mean, we're a big organization. We've added to our market leading capabilities. We like where we are positioned right now in terms of the performance of some of that strategic hiring, and this is going to be a best with for us in coming years as well as this year.
Dan Glaser: Sure. I mean, I think, we -- I used the resilience before, it's not just us. I think the world has gotten pretty resilient in that. We're not in 2020 anymore, and we've been able to adapt to different ways that have occurred in certain segments, whether that's in Europe, U.S., Asia, I mean, the one thing about COVID is no part of the world actually escaped. And so, we don't see a tremendous impact on our results from COVID. It would be more of a softer potential impact on just any headwind on GDP or business development. But other than that, we feel pretty good. I mean, you just look at Marsh's results as an example, in Asia-PAC in the quarter, it wasn't -- it's not COVID free. It was pretty active in Asia-PAC. So, in some ways, in terms of impact on our results, we think COVID is pretty much in the rearview mirror as well, knock wood.
Dan Glaser: So, thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking to you next quarter and a particular shout out to all of our colleagues for their hard work and dedication in serving our clients. So, thank you very much.
