Dan Glaser: Thanks. Well, you know, actually it’s going to be at least accretive consistent with our original expectations. And so, a deal of this size has always a number of puts and takes. And as you mentioned, we think the cost savings are higher, we think the amortization in lower, and then we also needed to divest some businesses, principally aerospace, but also some minority interest in other businesses like CRP here in the U.S., which we did not anticipate, you know, going into the transaction. And we also have some revenue headwinds that we had described before whether that was from new business pipeline issues or some staff inspections. Those are things that we're grappling with.So, you put it all together and the deal is tracking in line with our original expectations, and our original expectations, I’ll just remind everybody, were really good. That was going to be a good solid financial transaction. It was also very strategic in nature for Marsh & McLennan as a company. And when we talk about things like accretion and dilution, you know, it’s always a level of how we’re growing, you know, so it’s – we expect 2020 to be a strong year in adjusted EPS growth, you know, and that’s what breakeven means to us.
Dan Glaser: We focused very much on earnings growth and topline growth much more than we do on margin and we certainly don't really pay much attention to any one single quarter. We were satisfied for the year with the 110 bips and the fourth quarter was pretty consistent for the year. There’s always a lot going in all of our businesses, and so, you know, it’s not that we look at one versus the other as in any way coming up short of what our expectations were.I mean when I look at margins in general for the company, 2019 is going to be our 12th consecutive year of margin expansion and nearly significant levels of margin expansion. When you go back a decade and we’re up by 1300 bips, you go back five years, we’re up, you know, 450 bips plus in both segments and as a company, and so, you know, but just to go back, I wouldn’t look at any one quarter as being indicative, you need to look at longer periods of time.And margin expansion for us is an outcome of how we run the business, which is revenue growth almost always exceed expense growth and that will give us margin expansion over time. And the only areas that we were really driving for some margin this year was in RIS in parts of the portfolio, particularly, in Guy Carpenter that we felt we needed to adjust JLT to more similar margin levels in what we had normally been operating within as Marsh & McLennan. Next question please.
Dan Glaser: But we are built to operate well across cycles. And, you know, I mean, the – I wouldn't necessarily classify the entire market as a hard market, its certainly hard in pockets and its certainly true as you noted that Marsh and Guy Carpenter brokers have to run a lot harder to get things done and had to work, you know really hard and creatively in order to serve clients in challenging market conditions. And so, we recognize that.We don’t believe that that puts any over pressure on our expense levels, you know, more than the fact that we recognized that our people are working harder than ever before and we appreciate that and we reward them for it, you know, but our teams, you know, are driven by serving client, and so, that’s what their focus is. You know, so they're out there hustling, not in the belief that somehow their compensation or anything else is going to change. It’s actually that they’re focused on delivering for their clients.Next question please.
Dan Glaser: Yes, it’s a good question, but, you know, our anticipation – I mean as I mentioned it before, there’s always a lot puts and takes in a transaction of this size and geographic breadth, and as we look to 2020, we expect to expand margins as Marsh & McLennan. You know, and so, we think that it will be our 13th consecutive year of margin expansion and we think we’re on the strong year in adjusted EPS. You know, I would say, look, when we went into the transaction, you know, big people business combination, we expected some level of defections. And so, when I – when we sit here today and we look to where we are, even though there are some people who left the firm who we would have preferred not leave the firm, we’re in good shape.You know, where we’ve had the most significant levels of levers would be, you know, let’s say in London, in the UK market in London, well, we are strong in London. We were strong and we are stronger today and more people by a very, very wide majority stayed rather than left. And so, we're in great shape from that perspective. And so, I mentioned 10,000 additional headcount, you know, and these are smart, hard-working talented people, which will deliver a lot of value for us into the future, and our ability in a place like London to regenerate ourselves using our existing capability, the JLT addition, and then going into the market to the place and people who have left, our ability of regenerating half of the [talents in] London is amongst the highest places in the world. And so, they – you know, it’s not something that’s anything more than short-term.
Dan Glaser: I mean, general sense is that the majority of it will fall right through the bottom line and that is how we projected when we originally put things together. Obviously, earnings will go well. So, some of them will go into bonus pools and that sort of thing, but a lot of the efficiency gains that we have developed is because of the investments that Marsh & McLennan made over a number of years. You know, when you think about things like financial systems where Oracle 12, everywhere in the world. HR systems, we’re Workday everywhere in the world.We use sales force extensively throughout the world and so we are able to take an organization by JLT and integrate our systems and controls and functions reasonably seamlessly without adding to a lot of our existing cost base in order to do that, and that gives us a lot of benefit and really I should not impact the frontline client facing people all that much. So – and that’s one of the reasons why most of it will drop.
Dan Glaser: I mean, I’m one of those people who are like, you are with your results, say you are from the last 10 years we’ve been in the 3% to 5% organic growth range. I do not believe that we had many competitors. We’re a pretty unique company across the breadth of the things we do. Clearly, we have certainly formidable competitors and parts of our business, but across all of the things that we do including Oliver Wyman and some of the strong businesses we have within Mercer.We don’t have many direct competitors, but when I look at the competitive landscape, I absolutely believe I wouldn’t change our strategic positioning with anybody, I wouldn’t exchange our capabilities with anybody or our culture and there is no reason under the sun to where our revenue growth performance would not be as good or better than any of our competitors over time. Next question please.
Dan Glaser: We have acquisitions that are a core part of our long-term strategy. We’ve done something like 175 plus acquisitions since January 1, 2009 and we tend to be a balance company. When we look about – we put out our dividend first. It's sacrosanct. We want to grow it double digit every year and that is going to be for the sake of argument looking at the number of circle $1 billion for that, which should leave in most years 2021 and beyond, roughly a couple of billion dollars to deploy between acquisitions and share repurchase.And as we’ve said in the past, we favor acquisition over share repurchase for the very reason we’re building a great company and our focus as we have showed over time we’ve been able to do that, you look at Marsh & McLennan Agency in 2009 with zero revenue and no position and now we’ve got a terrific platform, $1.7 billion growing well, good EBITDA margin etcetera. We’re in a business that we otherwise would not have been. That was called building a company and we are committed to continuing to do that with all kinds of opportunities across the enterprise not just in Marsh, but across the firm in order to acquire our way to be a better strong more formidable company in the future.And so, when you look at that 2 billion and our debt to EBITDA at that level will probably be in the [low 2’s] and so we would have the ability to flex as we needed to. So, there is certainly nothing that we’re finding for in terms of a larger or mega acquisition we will see how this strategy develops over time. It’s certainly having, you know $3 billion to deploy year after year after year is going to make us you know one of the great companies of the world.
Dan Glaser: Yes. We did make a comment specifically about RIS. We wanted to point out consulting because of our visibility to it and we recognize that consulting has its own attributes. You know RIS is a different kind of business and so as you know the consulting margins declined in the fourth quarter, even though we had a 90 bips improvement for consulting for the year and so we just wanted to give a heads-up that our expectation is for a decline in the first quarter for a variety of different reasons which our view is temporary and when we look at the full-year 2020, we expect it to be our 13th year of consolidated margin expansion for the entire firm.
Dan Glaser: And also, just to bear in mind, the new leader in UK, he was a Marsh veteran. You know, he has worked for the firm for more than 30 years and ran Canada for us, had another big job, so it is not like somebody coming in and having to learn the roles. He knows the business very well and that – as we mentioned in previous calls, when we think about the short and mid-term, we are optimistic about Britain.Britain has sort of been through the radar over the last couple of years, but there is now clarity around Brexit and we have got new leadership in the UK where we are in many different businesses from large account and third to small commercial and we believe it is going to be a great business for us over a stretch of time.
Dan Glaser: Yes. I mean we’re monitoring the situation closely like I’m sure everybody is and our primary concern is definitely the health of our colleagues and their families and we are doing everything we can to assist clients as they think through possible scenarios that can impact their business, but it’s just too early to see that as to whether there is going to be any impact on our business, Asia or otherwise. You know, we just have to see how this plays out in the coming weeks.
Dan Glaser: I like to thank everybody for joining us on the call this morning and certainly thank our colleagues for their hard work and dedication, as well as our clients for their support. Hope everybody has a good day. Thank you very much.
John Doyle: Sure, Dan, thanks. Big picture, 23% GAAP growth in the quarter, you know, very, very big growth. 17% for the full year, 4% underlying growth for the full year, so I was pleased with the results. As Dan noted, and as we expected, in the UK the underlying growth was impacted by integration related headwinds and some first quarter challenges remain, but, you know, I will say, I’m encouraged by improvements in the underlying performance in the UK.We made some leadership changes now about 18 months ago in the UK, and they're really setting the foundation for stronger growth going forward. And in Latin America, as I noted in the last call, as Dan, integration related challenges will persist through the first quarter, but Latin America remains a high growth region for us. So, for the second quarter on, I expect improved results there. And again, I want to say, I’m pleased overall with the growth. I’m quite proud of the team.We managed through a lot of change throughout all of 2019 and we maintained our focus on serving our clients in what's an increasingly challenging market as well. And you know as Dan noted, we’re a stronger team entering 2020 and JLT is obviously a big part of that, but, you know, we also had more in late 2018 and did a lot of work on integration of more than last year. And we added two Top 100 firms in the United States through the M&A as well. So, I’m quite excited about the team and how we’re positioned as we enter 2020.
John Doyle: Yes, I’m quite pleased with our team, Ryan, in the U.S. and Canada because we had a terrific year this year. I would also remind you that we had 7% organic growth last year in, you know, the underlying growth in the fourth quarter. Both MMA and Marsh had terrific years. We also had a very good finish to the year in Canada and quite a strong year there as well. Our MGA operations in the U.S. are performing quite well as well. Our private client business did quite well from a growth perspective. And on the specialty front, we had good growth in our credit specialty in the private business, aviation did well and the transaction risk in cyber, are a couple of products that are going nicely as well.
John Doyle: For me, it is an earnings driven market change for sure. Dan talked about some of the trends continuing into the first quarter, but there continues to be a very wide range of outcomes in markets built around the world. I don’t consider it a hard market although it certainly becomes more challenging for our clients. You know, and geography base is Australia, U.S., UK wholesale are seeing the largest increases. In the U.S., it’s about 10% and going for the high teens average rate increase in Australia. In Asia, Continental Europe, Middle East, Latin America, UK retail more mid-single digit price increases.You look at it from product perspective, Dan, their property is up 13% globally. Financial line is up 17%, meaningful increases there. Causality up 3% where we see a real mix, you know, where comp continues to be down. Excess liability, though, particularly in certain classes of business are quite stressed at the moment. And public P&L, particularly in the United States and Australia, are a couple classes that are the most challenging. You know, I would note, Dan is going to talk about this again, but our index skews the large accounts.The middle market is flat to low single-digit in many markets, most markets throughout the world, but, you know, we're continuing to hear from underwriters. They're concerned about rising loss cost, as Dan noted social inflation or the impact of litigation funding on the claim environment. You know, we’re also observing and working with our clients through some challenging verdicts in large settlements in pharma and chemicals and commercial auto and in P&L. So, you know, there’s no question. There’s some stress, you know, in the loss environment and its difficult to predict where – you know, where markets will head, but the there are some storms on the underwriting.
John Doyle: And I would also note that the voluntary turnover rate at legacy Marsh was the best it's been. Since we collected data. So, from that perspective, you know, it’s quite stable year from talent perspective.
John Doyle: Yes, I think, Brian there is still some headwinds in the first quarter for sure, but as I noted earlier I think that underlying performance works the way through or cut through some of the integration level with headwinds, I think we will see improved performance drop for the rest of the year. By the way, in the middle east, terrific growth year on last year, good solid results in continental Europe as well.So, obviously it was somewhat hopeful that the U.K. economy will continue to pick up now there is more certainty around Brexit, so a number of different factors that will ultimately determine where we are and I’m quite encouraged by our team leading through all this change.
