Daniel Glaser: Thanks, Elyse, and good morning. As we’ve said a couple of times before, we focus on earnings of the company. And overall when I look at the quarter, we’re up 12%. When I look at the year, we’re up 10%. So we feel very good about that. You’re very right in that when we run the business, we’re seeking to grow our revenues at a faster pace than our expense certainly every year and in most cases in every quarter as well. And so this year was kind of a different year because we had a little bit less visibility on the revenue line. As we had said before, we thought that some of the project work was softer than we expected. And so we ran the business on the expense side reasonably tightly. When we got some visibility into the fourth quarter and saw that we were going to have a nice top line, we decided to do a little bit of catch up. So I wouldn’t – the way I’d look at it is over long stretches of time, either a year or rolling four quarters. There’s always things that we want to do to invest in the business both on the people side and on the technology side. And so this was just business as usual in our mind.
Daniel Glaser: Well, we always have both top line opportunities and efficiency opportunities. The drive for efficiency gains never ends and it’s something that the company is already actively engaged with in all segments. I’ll just take a step back for a second and say we’ve had 10 straight years of margin expansion with the last eight years being in both segments. And we’ve said many times, we don’t actively manage to expand margins. We manage the business to grow earnings and we do our best to run a proper business where revenue growth exceeds expense growth almost all the time. And so we are pleased with 70 bips of margin expansion in a year where underlying revenue growth was 3%. We think that’s a really good outcome. And it’s not ideal but we have proven over time, particularly in RIS, that we can grow margins at 3% underlying growth. We’ve done it five years in a row in RIS. Next question, please.
Daniel Glaser: Yaron, I’ve been at this too long. I’m not willing to venture in any way when we’re just starting the new year and we’re one month in. So my view is that we’ve been eight years in a row 3 to 5. That captures where we’re likely to be I think right now based upon the macro factors and how we see the world. And so 3 to 5 and I’ll leave it at that.
Daniel Glaser: We watch our wage inflation. We’re a good payer. When I look at our comp and ben as a percentage of revenue, it’s consistent with the people business. Our people are our greatest asset by far. And so we try to stretch ourselves and support them where we can. And so when we look at wage inflation in general, we recognize the economic theory is unemployment drops, there’s probably more pressure on wages and we see that. We haven’t seen that come through yet. We do think that some of the productivity gains over the last several years for a lot of companies have a technology backbone to them and also just have a – people work longer than they used to, a backbone to it. And so clearly wages are a significant part of our – and comp and ben in general is a significant part of our cost base, but we don’t see inflation at this stage and we believe that overall we pay our people properly.
Daniel Glaser: Well, I would disagree with you, Paul. I don’t think this is the margin expansion story. If you look over 10 years, this is the NOI growth story and it will continue to be an earnings story.
Daniel Glaser: Yes, we’ll take the margin expansion, absolutely. But we’ll focus more on earnings growth and we have been for a long time. Next question, please.
Daniel Glaser: Yes, so a couple of things. One, we don’t declare margins by individual operating companies. We have two segments; consulting and RIS and we’ve shown our margins on that basis for a long period of time. There obviously are differences between the different businesses, including within the businesses, on a margin basis. But ultimately we run our businesses as segments and we declare margins on that basis. If I look at Mercer for the year, Mercer had a decent year except for the third quarter where they were zero. And so from that standpoint and I look over Mercer a number of quarters over a number of years, they’ve generally been a 3%, sometimes even a 4% type of grower. And so fundamentally there’s nothing wrong with Mercer, there’s nothing wrong with Mercer’s structure nor the structure of the company. We expect to have growth between 3% to 5% of strong EPS delivery for the year and margin expansion in both segments in 2018. So for us, it is business as usual going ahead similar to as we’ve done over the last decade.
Daniel Glaser: They’re both fertile with a lot of opportunities. The brokerage side when you see a bolt-on, you may be looking at a company that’s existed for 20 years or 25 years and they happen to be small or local. But that it’s been – it has a long history whereas on the consulting side, you see a lot more boutiques that may have been formed in the last 5 or 10 years, less of a track record of performance but maybe greater capability in an area that we might be a little short. And so we have good opportunities in the pipeline. It’s kind of a joke internally I start every year saying, oh, the pipeline doesn’t look as good as it should and every year we end up spending between 800 million and 1.2 billion or something on acquisitions which are not particularly large for a company of our size. And so this year right now we look at it and there’s plenty of things for us to engage in and we’re getting a lot of looks at things. You run a labyrinth here in terms of when we make an acquisition. We do a thorough review of the chemistry and the counterparties that we want to be as open and transparent with whatever company we’re seeking to acquire as they are with us. And so we want to make sure that it’s a good match before we tie the knot. And so we’re working that right now and will continue.
Daniel Glaser: Yes, I’ve never actually figured that out on a technical basis. I would just say that we do see a correlation in our businesses to GDP and to business confidence; GDP more on the RIS side, a mixture of GDP and business confidence on the consulting side. When you look at – recurring revenue tends to have an annual renewal period and so there’s a lag as an example of that that fundamentally you don’t get an immediate lift if you see exposure growth until that renewal happens and a big part of Marsh, Guy Carpenter and Mercer is recurring revenue. So from that standpoint there’s always some element of build in lag. And I was trying to make the point before that it does feel brighter on the macros but it’s still very sensitive, relatively fragile and we’re not seeing a booming level of growth anywhere. If you look at what was in the newspapers recently about global growth statistics around the world, apart from a few countries everybody was in that 1 to high 2s range and that’s just low levels of growth. So I’m not expecting a boom of exposure units, although I do think U.S. tax reform will be a benefit to many companies investing in the U.S. and also residents in the U.S. And so I look forward to the company being able to capture some of that benefit. Operator, I think we’re finished with Q&A now. So I would just like to reiterate that I’m very proud of the team. I think it was an excellent year both on the overall delivery of earnings and margin expansion, revenue growth both GAAP basis and on an organic underlying basis. So we look forward to 2018. I’d like to thank our clients for their support and our colleagues for their hard work and dedication in serving them. So thank you very much.
John Doyle: Sure. Rate change continued to move upward slightly in the fourth quarter, as Dan mentioned in his prepared remarks. It’s mixed of course by product and geography, but it’s within a pretty tight range I would say. As Dan said, prices were up globally by 1%. The biggest change in the quarter on a product basis of course was in property where we saw prices up 3% in the fourth quarter driven of course by cat. Casualty pricing was down 1% in the quarter although that was a slightly lesser decline than what we observed in the third quarter. And then our financial lines pricing, what we saw was flat after being down more than 1% in the third quarter. U.S. pricing overall still down slightly in the aggregate. Australia is probably the biggest outlier where we saw the largest change where prices were up nearly 10% in the quarter. As Dan mentioned, capital remains plentiful. We’re working and focused on optimizing the right outcome for our clients. From a fee/commission split, it’s trended more towards commission as we’ve increased exposure to the middle market and grown both organically and inorganically in that segment for MMA and [indiscernible]. And I think we last mentioned here was about 60/40 a couple of years ago and it inched up a bit from that over the course of the last several years.
John Doyle: Yes, I would emphasize, Dan, I think while most of our clients do take a long-term view and they don’t look at every insurer relationship the same, they are typically quite balanced about it. Having said that, while the economy has improved a bit, we’re still operating in a low growth world and so our clients are quite cost conscious in that perspective. What insurers are telling us is they’re starting to see signs of loss cost inflation pick up in certain lines of business. Financial lines for example would be – and certain other casualty classes. So as Dan mentioned, I think some of them at least are feeling some strain, certainly casualty. And obviously last year was a big cat year but the last several years were fairly modest cat losses. I think a lot of insurers also reported favorable development. So all those factors are part of a conversation that we had with our clients and again it’s – I think the lead relationships of certain insurers that have that lead position in critical lines of business with our clients, those conversations are very different than other lines. So the outcome on the insurance company side can be quite different from insurers.
John Doyle: Sure, Dan. Thanks Jay for the question. We certainly were disappointed in the results in EMEA. But again, to frame it, overall, we thought it was a good growth year and strong total revenue growth both in the quarter and in the year. U.S. and Canada had a best year in quite a long time, as Mark mentioned, both in MMA and in the Marsh brokerage operations. On the international side, it was more of a mixed result. Latin America had a terrific year, Asia-Pac and particularly in Asia really an outstanding year. Continental Europe to your point actually had a solid year. The disappointment in EMEA was in the UK and in the Middle East. In the UK we had a tough prior year comp. It continues to be a challenging insurance market there and of course the macros in the UK economy are difficult at the moment. We made a big acquisition a couple of years ago with Jelf and a year ago with Bluefin. We’re quite pleased and have a long-term view and like having exposure to the middle market part of the economy there. But it’s challenging at the moment. In the Middle East, it was also a challenge. We have less project revenue in the fourth quarter, less new business overall and we’re struggling to overcome some nonrecurring business from the fourth quarter in 2016. But again, overall, I’m pleased with the growth we had for the year at 3% underlying growth and the strong total revenue growth for Marsh.
John Doyle: Certainly the macros – I think some of the nonrecurring challenges are a bit more quarter-to-quarter. Some of our specialty operations have had more challenging results. But we certainly expect a bit more in the UK and Middle East next year.
Mark McGivney: Kai, to your specific question on the tax rate guidance, so the outlook for next year 25% to – for this year 25% to 26%, that excludes all discrete items. So just to be clear that doesn’t include any provision for any benefit we might get from the tax accounting change last year. But as I said, we’d expect a lot less benefit this year than we got last year.
Mark McGivney: Basically it will affect adjusted EPS and GAAP EPS and you can get to the adjusted EPS in the schedule that we provided.
Mark McGivney: Yes, Jay, with the caveat. You’ll see our pro forma. We don’t expect meaningful year-over-year change in revenue recognition. And just also factor in the changes in taxes. So we had that significant benefit from the tax accounting change but of course the benefit this year from tax reform. But once you consider those factors, absolutely the results for 2017 are a good baseline for 2018.
Mark McGivney: Well, one thing I would point out, Jay, is remember this pension accounting change doesn’t have any impact on EPS. So that’s P&L geography above the line. So if you’re looking at adjusted EPS or GAAP EPS, I wouldn’t consider that in your – going forward.
Mark McGivney: Sure, Sarah. FX wasn’t much of a story in the fourth quarter which is why I didn’t mention it. And the dollar has weakened here in the early part of this year. So as we sit here today, if the dollar doesn’t move, FX looks like it could be a bit of tailwind as we go into 2018. Obviously, there’s been a lot of volatility over the last couple of months but at least at the stage where it is, we could see some tailwind. And to get a sense for it, as you referenced, if you look back to some of our 10-K disclosure, if the dollar moves directionally against the top four currencies that we have, the pound, euro, Canadian dollar and Australian dollar, 10% moves in the dollar across those four currencies is around $50 million change in operating earnings.
