Dan Glaser: Thanks, Elyse. And okay, so MMC’s underlying growth has been in a range of 3% to 5% for the past decade. And I certainly anticipate that sort of range or better over time. So I’m not – any comment I’d make is really in the near-term as opposed to thinking about mid-term or long-term. And the reality is we expect some near-term choppiness as we go through the integration process. I mean, some revenue loss, this synergy was modeled in our base case, not that we’re not going to fight every fight, but we are realistic about what big integrations mean in people businesses and so let’s see how this will play out. There will be some short-term noise, but that’s all it is. It’s noise. The combination of Marsh & McLennan and JLT will prove to be spectacular. The greatest collection of talent and capabilities in our space, improved geographic positioning, higher capacity to invest in the future, things like data and analytics and digital. And our data and analytics flywheel, that I’ve talked about before. I mean, the combination will give us more clients. More clients will create more data. More data will allow us to use analytics to create additional insight and gain more clients. And so in that way, it’s self-perpetuating, so very positive overall. In terms of your follow-up, Mark, it’s – why don’t you handle that? So we see on smaller acquisitions, our convention has been to exclude them from underlying growth for the first year after a deal. But we won’t do that in this case. So we will – when we report underlying growth going forward, it will be combined MMC and JLT.
Dan Glaser: That’s exactly right. I mean as we’ve said before, I wouldn’t look at any one quarter as indicative in terms of the margin trajectory. And I would also reiterate that for us, margin expansion is an outcome of the way we run the business, almost always revenue growth exceeds expense growth and we’re more focused on top line revenue and earnings growth than we are on margin expansion, but we expect continued margin expansion, because of the way we run the business. And 2019, in our view, will be our 12th straight year of margin expansion.
Dan Glaser: Yes. So let me talk about that a little bit and then I’ll hand over to Martine. I mean I think in general and as you’ve seen in the past throughout our company, there are periodic periods where we believe as a very large global organization. We have to look at our structure. We have to approach it in a way that always been looking to simplify delayer, focus more on the client, because large companies by their very nature, grow infrastructure and other accouterments. So that in my view was more of a normal course type of restructuring effort and whether that has an impact on short-term growth is unlikely. I think the reality is Mercer grew 5% in the first quarter of last year. They had some tough comps and that’s probably at the heart of it. I made the muted comments in my script, because frankly, Martine just got the job. And the last thing I want is for her and her key team to be focused on the next few quarters and delivering some – what I want them to do is, look at the business, drains out like any new executive team, come up with plans on how to drive sustainable profitable growth over multiple years and that’s really the task at hand. And in terms of that JLT, I wouldn’t call it a distraction in any way in terms of integration, whether that’s about RIS or Mercer. But I think it’s more of a recognition that there some areas of the business that might have some revenue breakage and the employee benefit side is probably not one of them. But Martine, do you have anything to add? I think you give much room.
Dan Glaser: To me, that is a part of it, but a small part of it. I mean we are getting over 10,000 talented colleagues. Yes, sure, we’ll lose some, who decided they’d rather work in a different environment. But in my view, we were the employer of choice in our industry and our leadership team. Part of their principal job is to create a culture and environment that attracts and retains the top talented people in our space. And so, I have no doubt that we have a collection of individuals that will form teams that are very solid in the marketplace and really on a top talent basis. I think, when I look over any kind of stretch of time, I imagine, when you think about a mid to long-term time horizon, anything we’re talking about potential revenue breakage will largely be meaningless in the overall scheme of things. But it could create a headwind in the short term. I’ll just give you a couple of easy examples. You might have a retail client within Marsh and JLT, where the clients themselves always had two brokers and they want two brokers, okay. Some clients choose to do that. Other clients want [indiscernible] (46:03) strength of a very strategic organization to organization relationship. But if you add a client that wants two brokers. And one of those brokers is JLT and one of those brokers is Marsh right now. Well, then there’s going to be some activity there or you might have some wholesale business where U.S. third-party broker that used JLT in London, because they didn’t view JLT as a competitor in the U.S. All of a sudden, they view Marsh as a competitor in the U.S. And so maybe they’ll have some challenge about whether, okay, how are you guys going into one the business to where you can still service our needs. And we’re going to do the best we can, best endeavors to try to do that and keep things separate and run businesses in a way that we always put our clients’ interests first even when that client might actually be a competitor in some other part of our organization. But what we are really, like I said, ultimately, I think that this will be a meaningless number when we look over the course of a few years. Ultimately, clients choose best talent. The best talent and capabilities will win, not about any what badges or name is on the building.
Dan Glaser: I mean, the overall restructuring is in that $70 million to maybe $80 million level. Most of its already been done. So what you’re seeing is some roll forward on that it would be natural have more savings early after restructuring than later because the level of investments are not having – not necessarily occurring simultaneously with the restructuring. But ultimately, this was not a large restructuring in the overall scheme of things. There will be savings, which dropped to the bottom-line as we’ve always done that, we’ve been very disciplined about that. What I would overall focus on is the fact that our margin has expanded dramatically over many years. I mean, the company’s margin is up something like 700 bps in the last five years. And so, we have continual margin expansion as we run the business properly. And we see margin expansion in 2019 as we said in the script.
Dan Glaser: It is a couple of things. One JLT is quite, quite modest in the U.S., so it won’t have a real overall impact on the various percentages. And no, we want MMA to continue to grow. We think that there’s – it’s still a very fragmented space. The largest part of the market when you look at the vast middle market, however you define it – it’s a terrific sweet spot for the company. We’ve built what we believe is the finest national platform in the middle market and we will continue to look at that. There is no end in sight and we certainly wouldn’t create a constraint on MMA in order to create some percentage between large accounts and national brokerage and MMA. It’s like we will go wherever the market will bear. And it’s not just in the United States, I mean, Marsh, John and his team and Peter before that have done a very good job of maintaining our position and growing our position in the large accounts space, while growing faster in the vast middle market in many countries around the world. And so Marsh is becoming much more like a pyramid as opposed to top-heavy with regard to just in risk management.
Dan Glaser: I mean, when we – I wouldn’t say, like I said, there is no JLT anymore. What there is a combined organization that is coming together and forming a new organization. We are the – we’re the largest start up in the world. And so, when I look at it, we always look at parts of our business. Our entire business, in a way of saying, where the low growth, low-margin business is. And we always create challenge as to whether those businesses are required or not? And we would do that across our entire organization, the broader organization, which is both Marsh & McLennan and legacy JLT. Put them all together, and we create quadrants, as you know, high-growth, high-margin; high growth, low-margin; low margin, low growth and et cetera. And so ultimately, that’s a continual process and you’ve seen us over the years. Every once in a while, divest in asset almost in all ways, it’s in that low growth or low margin category and you’ll see us continue to do that as we go forward.
Dan Glaser: No. I’d like to thank everybody for joining the call this morning. And particularly, I’d like to welcome more than 10,000 JLT colleagues to Marsh & McLennan. I’d like to thank our clients for their support and our colleagues for their hard work and dedication in serving them. I hope all of you have a great day. Thank you very much.
Mark McGivney: Yes, we want to get to, just so we’re clear. We don’t want to be sitting here internally months from now talking about, well, how did Marsh & McLennan do in Asia in the month of July and then how did JLT do. There is no JLT. There is no Marsh & McLennan. There is the combined organization and we are one. So we want to look at the new organization and the results on a combined basis.
Mark McGivney: Ryan, it was a modest benefit to margins, but not anything terribly significant. The biggest driver of margin expansion was operating performance in the quarter.
Mark McGivney: And Jay, as I said, we had $25 million of interest income on the cash that was sitting around in escrow. But at this point, it’s all been deployed. And so going forward, I’d expect minimal amount of interest income, sort of what we’ve seen in the past and whatever corporate cash flow.
Mark McGivney: As I said in my script, Jay, that along with a number of other elements of our model, we’re really in the process of updating our perspective on. So, at the last guidance we’ve given is $180 million on a post-tax basis. And for now, that’s where the number stands. But as we – between now and the second quarter that you’ll see some pro forma information come out as required. On June 11, we’ll be required to file a pro forma that will have after JLT for 2018 with pro forma adjustments. Purchase accounting will be one of them. So, you’ll get a little bit more information when that’s filed. And then on our next call, I’d expect to update those elements of guidance that we’ve given in the past.
John Doyle: Thanks, Dan. No, I don’t see it changing our strategy going forward at all. We have governance in place and guidelines and philosophies statements around how we get paid, how much we get paid and what that fee income is related to? As Dan said, we were pleased with the outcome. Facilities that we use to place business into in the London market makeup a small, really fraction of our overall placement strategy around the world. Although, we do think, and it’s a way for us to drive value to our clients ultimately. And as we come together with JLT, we’re learning a little bit more about their approach to it, philosophy to it as well. So we see an opportunity for greater use of facilities, but it won’t be a dominant part of our placement strategy.
John Doyle: Okay. So as Dan noted earlier, prices going to average is up 3% in the quarter versus 2% in the fourth quarter. In most regions around the world, prices were up 1% to 2%. So as Dan just said it’s not what I would define as a hard market by any stretch. Australia is probably the one exception where prices are up on average in the low-double digit range across various lines of business. Financial lines pricing was up about 6% in the first quarter, just shy of 6%, probably P&L pricing really driving that. And to your question about, why there has been an increase in frequency and severity around securities clients, right. That’s persisted over the last several years. I mean, so underwriters are obviously responding to that and trying to push price. Property pricing largely driven by cat exposed risks and we all know about the cat loss environment for the last couple of years, up about 5% in the quarter. Casualty remains pretty risk, pretty mixed – excuse me, as you know as longer-tail. Work comp pricing remains down about 5% on average in the U.S. General liability down about 2%, but excess liability pricing is moving up a bit, that was up 3% in the quarter. Auto pricing up 5% in the quarter. What I would say is that the market is more challenging for buyers than it’s been in sometime. It’s definitely different than it was three months ago and six months ago. Again, having said that, the average isn’t moving all that much. As Dan said, capital remains abundant and while capacity remains stable, the risk appetite for some underwriters is changing. So, at times we’re seeing lower limits being offered, higher attachment points. In some cases, underwriters are exiting certain classes of business. Now, again, on average we’re getting things done for our clients in the right way. And I don’t see a broad based hard market in front of us. Over time, some risk classes will get mixed price for various reasons. And so I think we’ll see some micro cycles where correction will happen over a short period of time.
John Doyle: Sure. Initial feedback has been quite positive. I have spoken myself to a couple of dozen clients in the last couple of weeks, including a few yesterday and the feedback has been quite positive. Many of these relationships, of course, overlap. So, wasn’t a first time introduction for me with a number of clients that I engaged with. Obviously, we were competitors just three weeks ago, right. So, we’re still just starting out how the value proposition will change, but there are real opportunities for cross-sell, right. JLT in a lot of ways, although a big company operated like a specialty boutique and we had a kind of a broader view of the client relationship. And so those relationships are often fitting together quite nicely. And as Dan pointed out earlier, I want to make sure their teams will be in place, right. The people have they’ve hired in the past will continue to serve them. So, I was in London on day one and for the first week and Lucy Clarke, who comes from JLT and now leads Marsh’s Specialty Operations, Marsh JLT Specialty. She and I worked together most of the week. We are also really quite encouraged literally on the first day. We had teams in the market together, working on accounts. There is nothing more than those kind of experience to accelerate kind of the socialization that needs to happen between the two teams. And as Dan said, RIMS starts on Sunday. And so the masses will descend upon Boston. We will bring a bit of an army ourselves. It’s a great opportunity for us to spend some time with our colleagues, new colleagues from JLT. But we have 1,500 client meetings scheduled from Monday through the end of day, Wednesday. And it’s a great opportunity for us to get feedback, and so we’ve got some systematic ways of doing that, and then, of course, more informal feedback. But at the end of next week, we’ll have a much more data on it but we’re off to a good start.
John Doyle: Look, I was pleased with the start to the year for sure. I do think we’re getting a little bit of lift from pricing to be clear. But some of the leadership changes that we’ve made are taking hold in some parts of the world. So I’ve been pleased with that. As you all know, and we underway a simplification effort a year ago and moved some talent to faster growing areas. I think that’s contributing to increased growth. But I’m pleased with our – the execution of our strategy and the focus on client segmentation. New business is improving and most of the world, last three is improving. Some of the faster growing kind of specialties if you will, are transaction risks, cyber very good quarter in aviation. Our Energy business has performed well in the first quarter, as did our Credit Specialties. Our MGA business is also growing nicely as well. So, it’s pretty broad-based, good start to the year. Latin America and Asia, I do expect over time to grow faster than the rest of Marsh.
