John Doyle: Sure. Thanks David and good morning. So, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks we're excited about the opportunities at the intersections of our businesses. We're being more deliberate and focused on areas of collaboration, and that's creating both revenue and expense or efficiency opportunities for us. I shared or spoke about the news about Flavio and Pat's appointments, so I'm excited about that and the other regional leaders and country leaders that we put in place to really capture these opportunities for us. So, but from an efficiency point of view, they're in the similar areas to what we talked about on the fourth quarter call earlier this year. It's in the area of talent of course and re-skilling and moving talent to important growth opportunities. And I would point out we are reinvesting as well, although the savings we talked about, that's net of reinvestment, beyond people, it's technology and real estate and so it's our best estimate at the moment. But again, we're going to continue to look for opportunities along the way.
John Doyle: Yes, sure Jimmy, and good morning. You know, I was very pleased with the start to the year, as you noted, and I pointed out in my prepared remarks, it's an acceleration from our growth in the fourth quarter. You know, I talked about some of the macros that are supportive of growth, not just in RIS, but in our business more broadly. But I also want to point out we've invested in talent in growth areas. We've deployed capital in markets that we think have strong growth fundamentals. And we've also been quite focused all throughout the company in investing in our sales operations capabilities, in tools as well. There's nothing really one-off about what happened in the first quarter. And we feel good about, feel good again about the revenue growth. Maybe I'll ask Martin to share some details and then Dean, to give a little bit of more color of where we saw some of the strong growth in RIS in the quarter.
John Doyle: Sure. Jimmy, I'll ask Nick to jump in, but I want to reiterate again, there's a step change in the size of Oliver Wyman's business over the last couple of years. We saw 40% growth and so there is good demand for capabilities at Oliver Wyman. But Nick, maybe you can talk a little bit more about the first quarter and what you're seeing in the pipeline at the moment.
John Doyle: Thanks Nick. Before we leave the revenue growth story, I want to ask Martine to jump in here as well. We had a terrific quarter at Mercer, a particularly strong growth in both Career and our Benefits business, but also a rebound in investments. Martine, maybe you could share some thoughts.
John Doyle: Yes, thanks Mike. I don't think there's a lot to report on here. We, of course, are always monitoring any potential regulatory changes or possible impacts on our business. We're certainly very well aware of the FTC proposal, and we've offered feedback through a number of different industry channels. We think Marsh McLennan is an employer of choice in a very competitive industry. We see a healthy environment for sure. And there really aren't noncompetes in businesses for our producers. And if you read the trade press, you'd see a pretty active market for talent. It's a market that we're a net winner in, but nonetheless, there's an active market and talent moving around throughout the industry.
John Doyle: Yes. Look, obviously, fiduciary income is a -- it's a factor in our overall results. We don't look at it separately. We're constantly trying to balance near-term performance, delivering excellent results in the near term with also investing in the capabilities that are going to lead to sustainable growth in the future. We're very thoughtful about how we manage our expense base. That leads to very few surprises for us around our results. And I think we've read that needle well, if you will, nailed that balance over the course of the last couple of years. So we're very pleased with the start to the year from a margin point of view. As we've talked about in the past, margins are -- particularly in a quarter, are not our primary objective. It's an outcome of the way we've run the business. We've had 15 consecutive years of margin expansion. We expect 2023 to be year number 16. But from quarter-to-quarter, some seasonality to investments we make and some other variability that could lead to a different outcome from a -- so it won't be a straight line quarter-to-quarter.
John Doyle: I don't -- certainly don't think of it in terms of offsets. Again, I'm pleased with the margin expansion in the quarter. As I said, we're very disciplined about how we manage our cost base. And we're not trying to optimize margins in any given quarter, right? We're trying to strike that balance between delivering terrific results today and sustainable growth and investment in capabilities that our clients are looking for in the future. So I'm very pleased with our start to the year from a margin perspective.
John Doyle: We're always investing, of course, in future capabilities that will lead to sustainable growth in the future. There are some direct hiring that we did and investment that we did connected with some growth opportunities in our efforts to be more deliberate around collaboration, but we continue to invest broadly across the business as well. There's also T&E pressure. There's other inflationary impacts on the expense base of the company, but again, I'm pleased with 150 basis points of margin expansion in the quarter.
John Doyle: Yes. We're not going to size that, Andrew. We talked about it a bit in the fourth quarter. It was a bit more of a headwind in the fourth quarter than it was in the first quarter, but it remained a headwind for us. Again, we're pleased with the growth overall. Capital markets are just one input to the overall macro environment and then, of course, what we're doing to execute and to expand our growth. But I mean, you can look at the big data and get a sense of when obviously M&A activity started to tail off and IPO activity. And while it won't be as much of a headwind, it gave us projecting a major rebound in the market over the course of the next quarter or two as well.
John Doyle: Thanks, Brian. Look, we have a little less visibility into the pipeline at Oliver Wyman. That's historically been the case with that business. But as Mark pointed, recent sales activity has been better. We appreciate the advertisement on our FI practice. We have a great team of people there. But Nick, maybe you could add a little more color.
John Doyle: And Brian, maybe just one last point on the retail property market. A lot of the retail wind and quake risk is from February 1st or even March 1st through the 1st of June. And so really beginning to see what's happening from a risk appetite and from a marketplace perspective. So we're in the middle of the story right now. Thank you.
John Doyle: All right, thank you, Andrew, and thank you all for joining us on the call this morning. In closing, I want to thank our over 85,000 colleagues for their hard work and dedication. I also want to thank our clients for their continued support. And thank you all very much. I look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Martine Ferland: Yes. No, thank you, John and indeed, we're very pleased with our results, 7% overall and following a 6% Q1 last year, it's across all the regions. And I would say, there's the current macroeconomic environment is really supportive of the services that we bring to market. Our inflation and interest rate, volatile capital market, well-funded defined benefit plans, tight labor markets, demand for digital health services, new ways of working. And we've made quite a lot of investments as well in clear strategy, client segmentation, much more focused their investment in talent, in digital tools and intellectual capital. And therefore, I would say that these market conditions, combined with the clarity of our strategy, our investment, are conducive to this kind of growth. The pipeline that we see, the sales that we are entering Q2 with is strong, and we have good visibility in the next quarter and probably a little bit over. Of course, we're always monitoring the macroeconomic conditions, as we've discussed with Oliver Wyman. But over the years, we've also invested in diversifying our portfolio towards faster growth elements and more recurring businesses in the portfolio. So it looks solid for continuity in the year.
Martine Ferland: Yes. No, my pleasure to do so. Thanks for the question, Robert. It was a good quarter for defined benefit business. And basically, the market condition, the volatility, there's a lot that we can do to help clients navigate through these changes. And I'm pretty proud of the team that has been quite innovative and proactive in addressing these challenges. With the rise of interest rate, even though the asset side of the pension plans are depressed through equity, we've seen a great improvement in the funding of these plans. And when the funding of these plans become better a lot of our clients looked for ways to divest the liabilities and assets to insurers. So we're seeing activities there in the buyout space, and that has fueled the DB Consulting business. So that being said, of course, the DB segment itself on the market is in structural decline. So underneath this, you'll continue to see this. But in the meantime, with the volatility, it does require quite a lot of work, and we're happy to help clients through these times. The other side of that equation in retirement is also the investment side. On the Consulting side, again, we were very busy helping through the volatility, the decline in equity, et cetera. And our OCIO business, which is directly related, we're taking basis points up of the value of assets as a way to pay for the services we render and of course, when the value of assets are depressed, our revenue goes down. But we have net flows into that business. It's a business that has very good long-term growth through net flows through return. It's just been a more difficult period over the last year and a half. We're seeing still quarter-over-quarter like year-over-year headwinds, because the decline in market really started later in Q2 and then through Q3 last year. So that pressure on the year-over-year basis should ease out at current if the current AUM value stay at current level, we should see that starting to turn around in Q3.
Martine Ferland: You're absolutely right. There's also another element within Health that distinguish it from P&C in a way, is that very often our clients are looking to not increase net cost for their employees because they very often share in the cost. So we see a lot of demand for services from our part on a consulting basis to change the design of these plans to come up with digital solutions instead so that we can control the cost. So the inflation is not always directly manifesting itself in the premiums or in the coverage. There's also, as you said John, a good part of our book that is on fees rather than on commission. So overall, there are many different components pushing the pressure because you're absolutely right, the healthcare costs are increasing all over the world, but the reaction from employers is to try to mitigate these costs through innovative solutions.
