Peter Hearn: Yes, Dan. I think Ryan, if we look at what has been – to your question, what has been reported to date is about 30 billion, and if you add FEMA into it, and you add another 20 billion on top of that for unreported to date, there is still a delta between that and what the modeled loss of 100 billion that has been thrown around. So these are long-duration complex losses, and they take a long time to settle out. We tend to get a number set in our mind, and as Dan said, property losses have a toll on them, not as long as casualty losses, but they have a toll on them, and these will develop. And over time, I would imagine that delta will reduce.
Peter Hearn: Thank you Dan. I mean, Ryan, revenue from reinstatement covers as a result of Harvey, Irma and Maria didn't have a meaningful impact on our Q3 results.
Peter Hearn: Sure, thanks Dan. In the conversations released, we have it reinsurers as is always the takes, we ask them to take it client specific, very measured approach based on their experience, individual clients experience, exposure and their trading relationship with the reinsurers. And preface is it's early it's too early to tell a leading indicators as to where prices is going. But that's the approach that we take, a very balanced and fair approach based on individual company, experience exposure in their trading relationships.
Peter Hearn: I think that's right. And this is a business of puts and takes. And more importantly Jay, as I said in the last call we're building Guy Carpenter and delivered consistent growth there irrespective of market conditions. That means we're focused on building strong pipelines for new business and exercising continued discipline around our client service and retention. That we're not building a business that’s depended on rate environment.
Mark McGivney: Larry, in the comments we have made, we were specifically consulting business and if you remember back to the first couple of quarters, we can talk about how the underlying performance of the business which [indiscernible] was just being masked by these acquisitions. And then you start to see that as the [indiscernible] left in the back half of the year are doing well but we have had if you just look at the headline gap growth numbers acquisitions have contributing quite a bit which is a good story, the thing you keep in mind and when we talked about this the acquisitions are ahead within the near term because we're the purchase accounting through our results. We think pretty substantial growth and intangible amortization while we were delivering this solid NOI growth but as you see in the back half of the year some of the headwinds we talked about and mentioned. 
Mark McGivney: LAE, it has to be more of a percentage of overall losses as opposed to anything else and I think that there may be some stretching of adjustment expenses only because you look at a series of catastrophe and the strain that puts on organizations like loss adjustment firms, contractors etcetera the costs tend to rise as the number of them available for the next job decreases and certainly the number of claims has been close to unprecedented in a very short period of time and so that in another itself put some strain on getting the right people to do the adjustment but I would say the industry itself steps up pretty well in the event of catastrophes and there's not much quibbling that is going on, it’s more of just getting the information and cutting a check and so from that standpoint I wouldn't expect no wrong drawn out process on property claims. Now on business interruption claim that’s a little bit different and so maybe that becomes more of an area but that would be sort of typical of what are expense adjustments are and loss adjustments are on a post catastrophe on BI claim. So we will see much in that area. Next question please.
Mark McGivney: Yes, sure. Paul, we've been dealing with all here. There is this required accounting change related to stock based compensation which has big impact in our first quarter which we quantified in less impact and subsequence. So, we did have a few discreet item that affected our adjusted tax rate. But that tax accounting change was the largest and it is unpredictable just based on option exercise activity and when stock based. So, that will be something going forward. That accounting changes is permanent if you will and we will have option exercises and equity based compensation at best. But the amount of that volume is going to be a little bit volatile, depends on our stock price and when people actually take the action. That was the largest discreet item in the quarter.
Mark McGivney: Yes, and it's still too early to give you. First, I'd have to give a little bit of color. It is a as you can appreciate beyond our industry of the company dealing with this pretty comprehensive change to revenue recognition. And it is going to have a meaningful impact on the timing of not only our revenue recognition but the earnings pattern as well. So, I'll give you a little bit but it won't be till later in the year when we can give you a specific. So, there will be an impact on the timing of revenue in RIS for us more so than consulting. Most of the action we expect will be across the quarters, within our year most of our contracts are fairly short term in nature. In Guy Carpenter for instance, there'll be an acceleration of revenue and a core to share business and some of our trading business. In March we'll have some acceleration, some fee based business and a couple of other areas. But again most of the action among quarters or cross quarters within a year is opposed to the past years. Both of our segment, there is also the element of this which I'll show you, pretty sure that involves the furl of expenses that will affect both of our segments. And in most of the impact there again would expect cross quarters within the year as opposed to cross there but there will be certain elements or categories with expense that will have amortization periods that will spend a year. So, it is comprehensive, and as said we get through the last part of the year we'll have more specificity for you. And our goal through all of this, I mean as I said would be a meaningful change our goal be to try to provide a much transparency as possible so you can baseline the results as accurately as you can and at least get a sense of underlying performance.
Mark McGivney: Yes. I think at this point forward, still uncertain I mean certainly between now in our Q4 earnings call we like we will not say anything.
