John Doyle: Yes Elyse, what I would add is that the hiring was principally in three different areas. We’ve tried to be quite strategic and wanted to focus on some of the disruption in the marketplace, so we made strategic hires at Marsh, Guy Carpenter, and Mercer. They have on-boarded, so you asked that question - they joined us mostly in the second half of the year, some on the first of January but largely in the second half of the year.  The second area of hiring, and this was mostly at Marsh, was around the operational excellence program that Dan spoke to. We’re standing up centers of excellence in support of segregation of duties, moving mid back office work to lower cost environments leading to better client outcomes, better colleague experience, but it also will increase over time the capacity of our market-facing colleagues, so we’re excited about that investment.  Then the third area was in early career. We paused in 2020 at the height of the pandemic, but we got back at it last year and on-boarded some early career colleagues. We’re quite bullish on the hiring that we did. We’re in a period now of on-boarding these colleagues and getting them to a productive state as quickly as possible.
John Doyle: Sure. We remain active in the market, Jimmy, for sure. As Dan noted, we have a good, solid pipeline. We did seven deals in the fourth quarter, three at MMA, modest deals at MMA, we did three deals at Marsh as well, one quite small but India, of course, was quite important and very strategic for us. We also acquired an Affinity broker in France, so we’re excited about what that can do for our business there, and then of course we did Huron, as Dan mentioned in his prepared remarks earlier. We’re looking for strong performing businesses that are well led, that make us better in some way - they either fit a market that we’re not serving at the moment or particularly strong in, or in a geography maybe that we don’t cover all that well. An example of that was last year with the acquisition of PayneWest, which was a high performing business, outstanding leadership team, performing well, and they’re just a terrific cultural fit and it fit perfectly for us in the upper northwest of MMA’s operations here in the United States. We’ll continue to be active, and maybe one thing just to add on the multiple side, we’ve seen some MGAs that I think--certainly some very, very high multiples in the MGA market. I think many of them are kind of trading under the insuretech label and so driving some interest there. We haven’t been particularly active in that market. We keep a close eye on it and we serve many of them as clients through Guy Carpenter, but outside of that we’ve earned a terrific reputation in the market, and so we end up with good, high quality conversations before things go to market. 
John Doyle: Look, at some point would that become the case? Sure, that’s a potential, but I don’t think we’re running into that risk at the moment. And by the way, is it discretionary? Yes, it’s discretionary. I would say about 50% of our clients in the United States, only 50% of them buy standalone cyber coverage and about 25% of our clients outside the United States buy standalone cyber coverage. The market is finding an equilibrium, it’s sorting out how to deal with ransomware. When Martin talked about the price increase, that doesn’t all manifest itself in premium growth or increased premiums for our clients. Underwriters are insisting on higher attachment points, co-insurance for ransomware, sub-limits for example - that all gets factored into the rate change that we talk about, so we work with our clients and we work with the markets to try to find the best way to finance the risk. It’s not just financing risk after the fact, of course. We’re actively working across the entire firm - Marsh, Guy Carpenter, Oliver Wyman, Mercer to help our clients better understand the risk and take steps to mitigate the risk upfront, but also the impact of an event once it happens. 
John Doyle: Sure. David, we have an excellent brand as an employer, I think as evidenced by the amount of talent we were able to attract last year. We’ve got purpose-driven culture, our colleagues are highly engaged, we do impactful work, we’re a collaborative place to work. You feel like you’re part of a team when you work at Marsh McLennan. It’s also a place where you can learn and develop, as Dan noted before, and we pay well too. Pay is not everything, of course, but it’s important.  We took the opportunity last year to strengthen the team. I talked about the three different areas earlier - strat hires, service centers, and in early career. I think we started 2021 with the best team on the field, and we’re starting 2022 even stronger. Our focus is on on-boarding and getting those colleagues productive, but we will be active in the market and take advantage of our brand at times, but we won’t have the same level of organic hiring in 2022. 
Dan Glaser: So basically, Elyse, there’s not a surge of expense coming with regard to the hiring. We’ve been absorbing the additional expense as we go, and we’re very happy that we were able to put up an adjusted EPS growth of 14% despite all the investments that we made in the second and third quarters.
Dan Glaser: I’ll hand off to both Nick and Martine to give a little comment about whether they’re seeing an omicron impact. My overall feeling is the world has become pretty resilient and has learned to adapt, and so therefore GDP projections, while they’ve come down a bit in our major countries, they’re still relatively strong compared to four or five years ago. But why don’t we do to you first, Nick, and then to Martine about whether you’re seeing any impact of omicron on your business.
Dan Glaser: Well, I would say wage inflation in general would--well, let’s take it broader. Inflation in general would be a bit of a tailwind for us because when we look at past cycles, Marsh McLennan tends to do a bit better in inflationary periods than what preceded them, so writ large, probably a mild benefit because of exposure unit growth, principally. Now wage inflation in particular, it’s hard to see how that would be more than a negative for our clients and for ourselves, but when you think about it, some of the rating factors that are utilized to figure out, say, some casualty and some medical benefits, etc., are based upon headcount and also sometimes on payroll, so if payroll is rising, that means the exposure unit’s rising, so it’s pretty moderate.  Now, we’re very wary, of course, like everybody else, about wage inflation, but I start from the basis of what I was saying to Elyse earlier - our comp and ben ratios have been very consistent over time. We have shared the growth of the company with our colleagues, and it’s not a one-year wonder, it’s for multiple years. It’s not all about pay, it’s also about what kind of company you are, what kind of caring employer, how you treat your colleagues, etc., and so we create an environment at Marsh McLennan we really strive to make it a great place to work, and we’ll continue to do that. While we’re watchful about wage inflation, we haven’t really seen much of that, and it would be masked in any event by our variable comp, which is based upon net operating income, so that risen pretty significantly over a number of years.
Dan Glaser: Yes, so Yiron, cyber is going to be a tremendous growth market for us. We’re nowhere close to saturation, where clients will start not buying cyber because of the price. You have to bear in mind that this is a significant governance issue for most boards - it’s like an ESG issue, and so you’d have to be a pretty brave company to decide to not buy cyber if it’s presented to you at a board level.  Next question, please.
Dan Glaser: Yes, if you look at all other expenses other than comp and ben for the year, all other expenses in 2021 were up 1%, and that’s across the firm, so really this has been--you know, if you look at our underlying expense growth for the year, comp and ben is 85% of that growth and variable comp and ben is two-thirds of that 85%, so this is really about the opportunity we saw and the strategy we put in place to increase the size of the firm through a concerted effort around organic hiring. It doesn’t have to do with all expenses. It’s fair to say that certain all other expenses that are more discretionary in the fourth quarter, like T&E and meetings, marketing, increased over 2020’s fourth quarter, but still relative to the entire year, they were only up 1%.
Dan Glaser: Sure. Certainly the hiring will be less of a drag in 2022, particularly in the back half of the year when we start to lap the decisions we’ve made and the on-boarding that we’ve done. We don’t overly focus on margins within the company, we focus on growing the firm and earnings, so both underlying revenue and earnings. Margins are an outcome of how we run the business. Revenue growth exceeds expense growth in almost every quarter and certainly every year, as it’s done for 14 years. We expect to grow margins in 2022 and we think that our margins should be viewed over long stretches of time, certainly not a quarter or two. We’re very happy with 2021 because, as I was mentioning earlier, we had a tremendous financial performance and we invested heavily in the business, and when I say heavily, invested heavily--more heavily in hiring in 2021 than in any time in our 150 year history. It positions us very well, and we look at 2021 - we grew margins in 2021 despite all of the organic investments that we’ve made. Our margin was up 70 BPs in RIS--or 70 BPs overall, 50 in RIS, and consulting was up 100 BPs, so overall I think we’re ticking the box on margin. We expect margin expansion, we expect strong adjusted EPS growth, and we expect to grow mid single digits or higher, so 2022 for us is going to be another terrific year. Now, it’s pretty hard to have two banner years in a row. I’m not going to sit here and say it’s not a tough comp when you grow adjusted EPS 24%, but having said that, we expect strong adjusted EPS growth in 2022.
Dan Glaser: Well, I kind of wish that they were 6,000 producers there, David, but they’re not 6,000 producers. It is a portion of that is production-related talent, but it also gave us the opportunity to build service capability. There’s an old adage about more sales doesn’t equal better service, better service always equals more sales, so we invested in service as much as we did in sales.
Dan Glaser: Thank you. I thank everybody for joining us on the call this morning.  2021 may have been our best ever. It was a year of tremendous financial performance and dramatic organic investment. Our competitive position has never been stronger and we enhanced our leading position this year.  People use the term, fortress balance sheet, to describe the strength of their firm. We are an ideas company, a people business, and I would say that Marsh McLennan has a fortress talent base that got even stronger this year. I want to thank our 83,000 colleagues for their commitment, hard work and dedication to Marsh McLennan.  Thank you all very much, and I look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
