John Doyle: Sure, Dan. Mike, I think obviously, every transaction’s got the mix of different factors that drive the outcome for our clients. That’s a very, very challenging market for them, especially given the atomic environment. So, we have putting aside the price and exposure aspect of what drives the ultimate premium that gets charged to the client. Some clients are being forced to retain more risk; it’s fewer, but whether it’s through higher retentions or in very, very few circumstances, where we can’t get the limit that we would like, or that our client would like, but with some level of frequency, clients are electing to retain more risks. So, it could be a higher retention. It could be bindless limit in certain cases, for example, in the D&O market, where there is a meaningful amount of stress in the U.S., UK and Australia, in particular, some clients are electing to buy A side only coverage; or where they do buy some B and C cover, they take down the limits, where they do by B and C. And so we obviously work with our clients very, very closely and are working hard to present their risks as best we can to drive the best possible outcome. And the other dynamic I would mention as well is we are seeing an increase in the number of captive formations as well. So, a lot of different strategies, obviously helping our clients navigate the market as best we can.
John Doyle: Sure. Client retention is a very strong, it’s been, been strong throughout the entire year and it’s better than prior year. We had a very strong new business quarter in the first quarter. So, we got off to a very good start to the year, and in the second and third quarter new businesses down slightly year-over-year. But again, given the external environment very, very pleased with the outcome, and it’s not down across the board. So, for example, MMA grew its new business nicely in the third quarter. So, I’m encouraged by how we’re navigating the economic challenges.
John Doyle: I don’t have those numbers in front of me, but there – our quarters aren’t even throughout the course of the year. So, I do think the year-over-year is an important metric. Clearly, where we’ve seen more stress on the new business front is in a couple of areas, right? It’s – as you I’m sure would expect construction, infrastructure related things, transaction risk rep and warranty type business where the economic slowdown led to left lesser output and less opportunity for us. But again, I think there’s a flight to quality in the more recurring business. We’ve seen a pickup of late.
Dan Glaser: Yes. it’s another good question. And it’s a fair question, because we’re basically saying we’re at 9% growth of adjusted EPS growth year-to-date and will be mid single digit to the year, but for the year is not in our outlook? So, it sort of says, well, what’s happening in the fourth quarter? So, it’s a fair question. And I would just say, there was some loosening of expense controls in Q3 and we’re going, and that will increase in Q4. We are getting back progressively to a more normal pattern of our business and that will mean that there’ll be more hiring. Hiring is down this year. Our own level of turnover as a company is down relative to the years past. There’ll be some employee related actions as we position ourselves for 2021. And there’s some pent-up demand and some catch-ups that will happen in the fourth quarter, but if you take a step back from this, I just want to say that every company has sort of a natural cadence to both revenue and expense. And as we have demonstrated over many years, we understand that. And so therefore, in every single year, our revenue growth of upward down as we’ve seeded out our expense results. And when I look at our typical level of underlying expense growth, you look at the last five years, four of those five years, then there was 2% expense growth on an annual basis underlying, okay. Including 2% in 2019 and 2% in the first quarter of 2020 claims. So, 2% could be looked at as a natural sort of cadence of expense growth and that’s why we were having really good results over the last couple of years, because we were growing top line at 4% and we were having expense growth at 2% underlying as an overall company. In the second quarter of this year, we went from 2% growth on expense in the first quarter to minus five underlying expense growth in the second quarter. So clearly, we would hold back on discretionary expense and we set a high bar for what was actually necessary and required. in the third quarter, that became the minus four. So that’s going to continue. I’m not going to say whether it’s a minus three, minus two, minus one, it’s probably still going to be a minus, right. So, we are not going to grow expenses in the fourth quarter, year-over-year. But our expense growth will sequentially go up versus the third quarter, which also end up versus the – where we were in the second quarter. So, that’s sound, the right way to look at it from my perspective.
Dan Glaser: Yes. well, we all exist in the world, right. So at the end, our performance in part will reflect what’s happening with regard to the virus and what’s happening with regards to the general economic environment. I’m not saying that things with the virus are getting materially better. I do think that health outcomes are materially better than they were in the early stages of the virus, because doctors and healthcare professionals have adapted, they’ve learned. And so oftentimes, the results have been better. Hospitalizations are quite, not quite as severe and fatality globally are generally well down. It’s not the make line-up of any illness. I mean, an illness is an illness, but I think more importantly, the world is learning to live with the virus a bit. And so investment decisions are being made thoughts about next year and the year after are being made. The idea that the sun will rise in the future, that is the thought process within companies. And so our feeling is 2021 on a macro basis should be better. It may not be materially better, but it should be better than 2020. And then the other thing is we have now two quarters to look at where we were in this second of this crisis and look how our businesses performed. Our expectations were exceeded on both top and bottom line. Our consulting business held up it is non-recurring parts of it better than our expectations. Our RIS business, both in Marsh and Guy Carpenter have done phenomenally well in the circumstances. And our year-to-date result is very strong. So, that is our all learning from that and adaptability has given us the confidence to step out a little bit and say, okay, let’s – we won’t return fully to normal operations. And we’re still largely remote working, but progressively moving towards something that can feel a little bit more like normal. Like as an example we do performance appraisals every year, near the end of the year. We’re going to do that this year. We’ll do the same thing. And yes, maybe even be a little bit more awkward because it’s over Zoom and everything else like that in terms of having discussions. But it’s important for people to know, they’re either on track or off track doing a great job or not. And so we’re going to continue with that, the more – in more areas than the HR, but really across the piece digital transformation work, where I’m working on further integration activities. We find out this pressing ahead and going forward with some of the things that we delayed in the second and early parts of the third quarter.
Dan Glaser: Yes. I mean, in terms of, as I indicated in my initial remarks, our performance this year has been nothing short of outstanding. And that, and I’m saying that as a total company, RIS maybe in particular for total company, I mean, the protection of shareholders in the Consultant segment in a year where they’re challenged on the top line is remarkable and appreciated, and we’re continuing to execute well through Mercer and Oliver Wyman. So, I think as an overall company, like I said, it’s nothing short of outstanding. In terms of our competitors that we’re running our own, right. And we are focused on serving clients like never before they need us now, more than ever before, and supporting our colleagues in, standing up for each other. We wouldn’t trade our strategic positioning with anyone. And we believe that we will benefit from consolidation as clients and industry professionals consider their options in the future. Next question, please.
Dan Glaser: So that would bring us back into the future to our more balanced approach for capital management, where, as we’ve said to you before, dividends are priority dividend, relative to priority, we’ve put acquisitions ahead of share repurchase and we put share repurchase ahead of building cash on the balance sheet. So, 2021 may be a more normal pattern for us where you see more of a balanced approach.
Dan Glaser: I mean, I think what we were giving you our outlook on that top line, we’re basically saying, Oliver Wyman will remain under pressure. The Mercer will have the amount of supplies for the year and probably the quarter. So Mercer is continuing in the category of around low single digit negative growth. And that Marsh and Guy Carpenter will grow in the fourth quarter. In total, the Carpenter would feel more pressure, but RIS as a segment would grow. So, I wouldn’t jump to the conclusion that the top line all that different than what we’ve been operating. What we did point to is that our significant levels of expense reduction that we’ve seen in the second quarter. And sequentially a little bit less expense reduction in the third quarter will be less expense reduction in the fourth quarter. And so our expenses will rise at a faster pace than, than what it has in the rest of the year, but we still expect our expense growth in the fourth quarter to be a negative number.
Dan Glaser: It’s not going to be big enough to notice in our expense base. I mean, you look at it, we’ve got nearly 8,000 people around the world, and if you take a normal year, you’re probably looking at about 10% colleague turnover, which means that 8,000 people that are going to be coming into the organization in any given year. So, even if we have significant levels of strategic hiring, strategic recruitment we would absorb it in our regular expense space. So, you’re not going to see a pop and expenses as a result of that. I mean, in an odd quarter, you might, but over the course of a year, it wouldn’t turn up.
Dan Glaser: I mean, all first of all, expense growth is a function of revenue growth. We expect our margins to be up in 2021 for the 14th consecutive year. We expect 2021 to be a decent year relative to 2020, because the general economic environment should be better and there should be better health outcomes as well. So, as I mentioned, were learning to live with the virus more. And from that perspective, time is our friend a little bit. So, I’m optimistic. I think we’re all optimistic about 2021, and performance and we’ll control our expense base, revenue within the overall company. We look at RIS is having large amounts of non-recurring revenue, great strategic positioning. At some point Consulting will come back strong, whether it’s 2021 or not, it’s too early get out. It’s certainly not going to be early in 2021 that we’ve see a massive bounce back because of the overall environment, but we’re optimistic. I mean, I look at this year, we’ve done better on the top line and bottom line than expected gives us a great foundation. We’re working now to position ourselves for a good 2021 and we’re ready to get to it.
Dan Glaser: I also think the way to look at it Yaron is, that new business is relative to other companies, very soft. It’s just not as strong as it was last year, given the overall environment, but still the amount of new business that Marsh is winning is significant. I think that’s our…
Dan Glaser: So thank you for joining us on the call this morning. In closing, I want to thank our 76,000 colleagues for their hard work and dedication as we work through these challenging times. I also want to thank our clients for their continued support. I look forward to speaking with you all next quarter. Thank you.
