Brian Duperreault: Thanks, Vanessa, probably, we should begin our Q&A session. Just as a reminder, our operating companies' CEOs are here to answer your questions. And for the first quarter results at Marsh, it's more appropriate, I think, that Dan answers. And the same for Guy Carpenter, I think it's more appropriate Peter answers. And with that, let's take questions.
Brian Duperreault: I guess I'll take that. Well, I think so far so good with the ones we've done over the last year. We've been concentrating more on the Marsh & McLennan agency and those things are relative, as you know, relatively new. And the strategy itself is a long-term strategy. So it's going to take a while for the total effect of that network to come together. But in terms of hitting our milestones, I think we're on target and we're going to continue to do that. We've been looking across all the operating companies for acquisitions that enhance capability. So we just finished the one at Mercer, Hammond, that does a lot for the investment side. On Guy Carpenter's side, we did a couple over the last year, so -- right, McKensie and Collins, which increased our capabilities in very specific areas. HSBC was done to enhance Marsh's international capabilities. And so, of course, I've left Oliver Wyman out but they continue to look. And as we find opportunities, we will seize upon them. So it's very targeted and specific and, of course, it has to be meeting all of the standards we laid out for you at Investor Day.
Brian Duperreault: Well, I think Matthew, if you look at the last 5 quarters, we've had revenue growth between 6% and 9% in each of the last 5 quarters. And I think that trajectory is broadly reflective of relatively weak recovery, but still growing business confidence over the last 5 quarters relative to say, '08 and '09. Now looking forward, I think, we're seeing a continuation of that same environment broadly. That is, we're still not seeing a spike in recovery, but we would expect the pipeline to clear at a pace similar to what we've seen over the last 5 quarters. So I think our outlook is for more of the same rather than a spike up or down.
Brian Duperreault: Well, I guess certainly, if you take the quarter out, the first quarter out, and then, the next 9 months, I'd say, certainly. Whether it's latter half of the year, I think it at all depends on a lot of market conditions, et cetera. But the first quarter is the anomaly.
Brian Duperreault: How about if I answer that one? Because I would say that when we look at the potential for Consulting, those '07 levels, certainly, they reflect an economy that was robust, no question about it. But, I'd say that we have every belief that we can get back to those levels, over time.
Brian Duperreault: Okay? All right, well, let me just close and thank, first of all, thank you for attending the call and thank my associates all around the world for getting us off for a good start and wish all these guys with new jobs luck in their new endeavors. So good luck to you all. Thanks, again. We'll talk to you next quarter.
Daniel Glaser: Sure. In general, I would look broadly on our strategy of increasing carrier revenue streams. Enhanced commission is part of that strategy but also fee-for-service agreements with carriers is also part of that strategy. If I look at the quarter specifically, I mean, we made progress last year and we are making progress this year. If I look at the quarter on a global basis, about a 0.25 of our growth were related to yield initiative, fee-for-services and enhanced commissions.
Daniel Glaser: Sure. We're there seeing a very slight improvement in exposure units, both in terms of payrolls, business interruption values and asset values. But very low-single digits, as an example on the United States and in the U.K. So while it's a very slight tailwind, I wouldn't put exposure growth as being the basis for our growth. Our growth is largely driven by high client retention and new business.
Daniel Glaser: No, I don't think so. I mean, I think in general, we all know that we're in a cyclical business. And if you put yourself in the mind of a seller, they wouldn't sell based upon whether rates in the macro P&C environment were going up or down, because it's so temporary in one way or the other. I think there is a lot of other factors that drive -- it usually has to do with how they believe they can grow their businesses on a going forward basis, what global capabilities that many upper middle market accounts now, or have some global exposures. So which company can help them on a global platform basis? Which company can drive product to them, which they could sell on to their customer base? But I think there's a lot of other factors beyond P&C, so we're not seeing any impact on our pipeline based upon an anticipated flattening market.
Daniel Glaser: Well, you're far more technical than us. We go out there and we try to find a new customer, so I would just leave it at that.
Vanessa Wittman: So Keith, we don't break it out, but I think the best way to think about it is that over the course of the year it's going to be a -- have a de minimis impact. It was a slight drag on the margins as I pointed out during the quarter.
Vanessa Wittman: Yes. Let me start because we do have the pension drag, as well. So we were trying to quantify for you that the FX drag would've lifted from a slight decline in the margin you see for this segment to a slight improvement. But also remember, that on top of the FX drag, which was really the anomaly because of the January rate inflection, exchange rate inflections, you also have that pension drag. We gave some guidance in the fourth quarter that, that would be about $45 million over the course of the year or call it, roughly, $12 million a quarter, and that's about $7 million for RIS [Risk and Insurance Services] and $5 million for Consulting. So if you add that to the -- to your pension -- I'm sorry, to your FX drag, you would have seen positive margins.
Vanessa Wittman: Intangibles are going to go up because of our acquisitions, so it would be a higher percentage. And you should expect that to stay in line with our M&A activity going forward.
Vanessa Wittman: We will have some movement as we figure out our new management structure. So I think you can use it, but we may revise that guidance for you in the next quarter call.
M. Burns: Sure. Yes, as I indicated to you in the last quarterly call, retirement will continue to face some headwinds struggle as the DB [defined benefit] landscape changes. This quarter, the U.S. struggled a bit more than the rest of the theaters. However, I think that is episodic. If anything, there's a good marker and the fact that 1 million did stabilize. And again, it's come back. That said, I think the thing to remember about the business of retirement is that we are working hard to do 2 things to change and realign our operating model to reflect the new realities, as well as building and continuing to expand into capabilities that actually work in consort with that retirement client, to solve the needs that the retirement client has. So the combination of our Retirement business with the strength of its client base, the strength of the loyalties therein combined with our investment capabilities, makes that a winning hand over the long run.
M. Burns: Absolutely, the market for talent currently is quite high. There's a lot of movement between firms, a lot of activity in the market. Obviously, we're in a unique position because we have a stable base to take advantage of that as appropriate, and we continue to build our business and our capabilities for this time. We feel very advantaged in the fact that we have not had the requirement or the need to do the large acquisition, instead, we've been able to deploy our capital to do tuck-in acquisitions that actually extend capability and allow us to have freedom of movement across the rest of portfolios to continue to build.
M. Burns: Now, for Mercer, in our Specialty businesses, we actually lagged on a bit for a couple quarters and we did not see the turn until the third quarter of last year. Since that time, it has been consistent and strong and we have strong pipeline into the immediate and mid-term.
M. Burns: That is, I would say, a combination of the two. Let's start with Health and Benefits. We're still not seeing growth in employment in the U.S. at such rates as to impact that, so you would have to attribute the growth in H and B, Health and Benefits to the new business, new clients, expanded business or existing clients. Some of that would have to do with healthcare reform and we expect that trend to continue. We see that growth across the entire marketplace, whether it's in the top end of the market all the way to the small employer, where our D&A, the top of it have approach to providing, broking and consulting services, and Health and Benefits is winning in marketplace. With regard to Specialty Consulting, clearly, there is a pent-up demand where people have taken an opportunity to step back in to their talent management space, especially, both in the United States and around the world. I just recently completed a trip that covered Mexico to Argentina and met with a number of CEOs and CFOs and CHR. Those Chief Human Resource Officers seek consistent demand from them, bar none, was Talent Management, talent advice around their workforce strategies, and so yes, they have taken their eye off of that for a while, as we will all weather in the great recession, but have moved back into that space.
M. Burns: This segment expects margin expansion over the mid- and longer-term. I think that we focus on profitability and with revenue growth you do, in fact, need some degree of expense growth to fuel the people and the talent and the pipeline to do the work. But that said, there were some couple of anomalies I won't even bother to call out in the first quarter. As we move forward, you should expect margin expansion across the segment fairly consistently.
