Dan Glaser: Yeah, thanks Elyse. We've been at it for 150 years so things like gardening leaves don't bother us all that much. Yeah we're definitely in it for the long haul. As we mentioned in the script, our head count growth year-to-date is up nearly 5000 across the firm and the highest percentage growth by far is in Marsh and Guy Carpenter and of course the majority of the hiring that we've done is in client facing roles. And so we may not be like other firms and that we generally hire to grow capability and talent rather than direct short-term revenue production. But having said that, we are a people business, our colleagues are our engine of growth, and undoubtedly our increased hiring in 2021 will benefit next year and beyond. Sometimes it takes a bit of time to get all the hires fully integrated into the firm and producing levels in terms of their own capacity at an optimal level but we're very comfortable with that. And of course there's a cost factor with that, we are not shy to face sophisticated talent is expensive. But it's worth it and that's why we pursue it. And I don't want anyone to worry out there about our long-term expense base, why all of this hiring. We know how to run the business. Our comp and ben ratio if I look at Q3 on a rolling four quarter basis and then go back five years and locate Q3 on a rolling four quarter basis is virtually identical. So, over time we're building the company, we're doing it through organic and we're doing it through acquisition. Next question. 
Dan Glaser: Thanks, and Andrew maybe later we go back to Elyse because she did not get a chance to ask her follow-up. 
Dan Glaser: Yeah, I mean when we look at the impact of the pandemic, I think one of the biggest features is that most organizations will -- of our size and scale will adapt some sort of hybrid model. I think the days of 9 to 5 or 8 to 6, five days a week in the office are over for most companies. And so that will have an impact. It's a longer-term impact because in the short-term you've got your leases established and we want some social distancing in the office and we're not sure how this will develop over time. So we're going to be deliberate and flexible. We're not going to move that quickly on it. I mean we've had efforts over many years to become more efficient in our use of space and we've accomplished that quite a bit and that continues. But that certainly is our view. We also think that T&E won’t come back quickly and may not reach the level of 2019 for quite a while. And I know in Marsh & McLennan our view is yes, we look forward to a day where we are going to visit clients in markets in their location. But we will travel with more purpose, we will probably travel with less people on various trips. And we will be more deliberate about it and I think that our clients will have that expectation as well.  So that hop on a plane anytime anywhere culture probably takes quite a long time to come back if ever. And so both of those things have expense implications for us that will be positive for shareholders in the long-term. And I would say the other thing is we are constantly seeking efficiency gains and we're working throughout the firm in order to drive efficiency gains and to become better at operations. So, why don’t I turn it to John for a second, so we can talk a little bit because -- about some of our head count growth was in OPEX in the effort to drive some efficiency within the Marsh operation. And it's in its early stages but there was a pretty significant increase in headcount in that area. So, John you want to talk about that a second. 
Dan Glaser: Sure, sure. And I'll just start with the idea that fourth quarter the top line becomes a little bit more challenging, right. Because Marsh grew 4% in the fourth quarter of last year, Carpenter grew 5%, OW grew 4%, and Mercer was down 3%. So across the piece, a little bit tougher, but we've got good momentum in the business, and we feel good about this year. We also feel good about next year, and the year after. I mean, we have been fundamentally improving the company over the last decade. We are getting stronger on our capabilities, our geographic breadth, our ability to serve. I mean, all of those areas have really dramatically improved and we believe we are in fundamental growth markets, I mean the areas of risk, strategy, and people. I don't care what organization you are and what size, whether you're a large account or a midsize account, you have to address those on a strategic basis. And it is incredibly relevant to the C suite of those companies and organizations to address broadly risk strategy and people. And I think we have enduring competitive advantages as well. I mean, as we were talking before, nothing happens here without our colleagues. I mean, the quality of our organization, the talents that we have, the culture that we have, the broad capabilities, the global footprint, are all enduring competitive advantages. We also continue to acquire talent in the market and acquire businesses which improve us and improve our capabilities. In particular, in middle market, on the brokerage side.  So, there's a lot of growth opportunities, and then just to touch as well on expansion opportunities, I mean we're still weighted into upper middle market and large account, we've gotten better in the mid middle market, we're going to continue to get better, we're going to continue to broaden into the lower middle market and small commercial consumer. You'll see us in all of those areas in the future. Now, it's not going to be from one year to the next, seeing some just massive change but this is inevitable in terms of how we build out our business. We're leveraging the combined strength of our organization as one enterprise like never before, in areas of healthy societies, cyber protection gaps, climate. I mean all of those areas we were going to market and addressing our client’s issues with them on a broad basis, not on a narrow basis. And so our opportunities for revenue growth, in my view are significant. I won't give you a number right now for 2022 but, I think that having not only broken out of the 3% to 5%, but actually tremendously exceeded the 5% level. I think this company can be a real growth firm and that we will prove that over time. We like to do and then say rather than the opposite, so I think it'll be exciting times at Marsh & McLennan. Next question, please.
Dan Glaser: Yeah, it's negligible. We are seeing some revenue benefit from hiring that we've done at the end of last year and into this year. But most of it's on the comp. So tends to be -- you get the expenses right away and you get the revenue a bit later.
Dan Glaser: Yeah, I'm not going to get into the expense that we're bearing now as a result. I think the -- one of the reasons that we have been pressing on hiring is twofold. One, we are growing very well on the top line and that was our anticipation, and also market opportunity. And so we are in our view an employer of choice in this space, and we are pressing our advantage at this moment in time. The hiring spurt is not going to last forever, but ultimately we saw an opportunity in the market through dislocation and other factors and we really pressed on that level. At the end, our expenses are relatively high compared to historical type of expense growth for us, but our expense growth is essentially driven by sales compensated -- by compensation and benefit but it's very hard sales compensation due to much higher levels of new business, variable compensation due to much higher levels of profitability and hiring. So comp and ben is driving most of our sales, most of our expense growth in the quarter and will ease itself out. But it's matching well with current levels of revenue growth. So we feel that this was a tremendously opportune time to build capabilities within the firm on an organic basis.
Dan Glaser: It's a good question. We're going to find out over time. I think the one issue to just bear in mind is the awareness around issues is higher. And I say that because risk awareness is far higher, I think people awareness is far higher. There's whole categories of opportunity in the world for us and others in areas such as ESG, which was not, which is always considered by companies and organizations, but not nearly to the extent it is today. And so when you think about just what's going on in the world, with regard to climate or D&I, responsible investing, etc., these are all new areas of growth for us. You think about things like climate, which was probably not even considered by us 10 years ago and we think it is one of our major growth opportunities as a firm on a going forward basis. And so, I would just say we want to be a leader on ESG and we look at the addressable market in ESG as being enormous and right now it's kind of the developed world public companies. It's going to be all companies everywhere. And so from that standpoint, the addressable market is going to be quite large and we will be a significant player in it.
Dan Glaser: You know, our M&A sandbox is very broad, and maybe our M&A that we've actually executed on is narrower than what we actually look at. But the sandbox is quite broad and I think you'd be surprised at some of the adjacencies and areas we look at. I mean, we -- I think, as I was mentioning earlier, the areas of risk strategy and people have all kinds of elements to them, that would enable us to continue to build capabilities with acquiring firms. We like firms that have recurring revenue, we like firms that are advisory based with transactions. Doesn't mean that all of our acquisitions will fit that criteria but that's a lot of them. And then we also like firms where we can see the business benefit, the financial benefit to us even if it's a bit out there, we can see it. And some of the things we look at, frankly, and the amount of liquidity and money that's being generated in the world and available, we just look at it and say we can’t -- we like the company, and it's interesting, but boy, we don't have 30 years to figure out whether it worked or not. And so we're a disciplined acquirer and we want to acquire things that not only build our capabilities, but also help us financially as well, even if only on an incremental basis. So, I would say we have a very broad sandbox, but our level of execution has been relatively narrow over the last 5 or 10 years and that probably continues on that basis. We look at a lot of things and we execute on things that we're really committed to.
Dan Glaser: Yeah, I mean, first of all, I wouldn't fret about the margins in the quarter. Ultimately, we've said many times, you have to look about margin expansion over longer stretches of time. We have improved our margins for 14 consecutive years and the results are really remarkable from a basis point improvement. Our margin is up 120 bps year-to-date and that's on top of 120 bps in 2020, and 110 bps in 2019. So it another role in our margins and I would expect that our margins next year are going to be better than they are this year, and so that's the way we operate the business, but it's an outcome. Now, we don't sit around the table figuring out how we're going to drive margin, what we do is we figure out how we're going to drive the underlying growth and earnings. That's the focus of the firm and the outcome of margin expansion is how we run the firm, where we think not every quarter but certainly every year revenue growth needs to exceed expense growth. And that's what we do and we've done it consistently. And so, we're thrilled about where we are. What I mentioned earlier is that, a lot of the expense growth right now is being driven by compensation around sales, and around increased profitability. And so I got really good place to be in and our earnings growth is very strong, remarkably strong. And so I hope that answers your question. Next question, please.
Dan Glaser: Yeah. Why don't I take that and then I'll hand to John and Martine to just say, are you seeing inflation in any way in the conversations with clients and what we're hearing from markets. I mean, historically we've done some work and we tend to do as a company better in inflationary periods. I mean, elements of our revenue base react to inflation, such as higher insured values, and we've proven that we can manage our expense base and so sometimes the revenue runs a little bit because of inflation, and we're still managing our expense base. So when we've looked back to inflationary periods over the last 25 years, we've tended to outperform and do pretty well. And, overall, I'll just mention on the economic environment, not just inflation. I mean, there's a lot of positive features about the economic environment, particularly in the United States. I mean, sales are up, consumer spending is up, business confidence is positive. But there are a lot of potential risks and inflation is probably the biggest one of them. But you also have the supply chain issues that we've all been reading about, the return to office that we're all going to be navigating over the coming months, concerns around COVID variants, so it is a tremendously difficult time to look forward, say, four quarters or so and get a real bead on what the economic performance is. Although I do note that most GDP forecast for next year in that kind of 4% and 5% range, so not bad. But starting with John, what are you hearing from markets and clients around inflation, and then we'll go to Martine. 
Dan Glaser: Yeah, there's been in -- there's a lot of deals out there but that has been pretty consistent over the last several years. And whether there is some marginal impact of people trying to get ahead of whatever could happen in the U.S. tax environment, it would be on the edges. It's not driving like a more significant level than what we have seen. There's been a lot of sellers out there. I think there's a lot of sellers out there, mainly because there's a lot of capital out there, valuations are pretty strong, that is probably the biggest factor as to what's driving M&A activity.
Dan Glaser: No, it is a very good question. We see no, Ryan it is a great question but we see no problem with our ability to attract talent. In fact, when we hire 5000 people, you have to understand we are interviewing 25,000 to 30,000 interviews taking place. We are very selective on how we approach talent. Every time we're seeking talent we have numerous applicants. And so I think, at the very heart of it is the work that we do. We're not an insurance business, we're a risk business. We're not a people business, from an administrative standpoint, we're a strategic people business. And so from that standpoint, the purpose of the organization of making a difference for companies, in their moments that matter, and those inflection points I think it is very attractive. And so where we're able to compete with the best firms in the world for high levels of talent, and when you have the broad base that we have, you can take some risks around, okay, so that person is not a subject matter expert, but boy, they've got a history of success. And let's see how they do. And so we can go a little bit broader. So we see none of the constraints that some folks particularly in the insurance industry have in terms of inflow of talent.
Dan Glaser: Thank you, Andrew. And thank you everybody for joining us on the call this morning. In particular, I want to thank our 81,000 colleagues for their commitment to hard work and dedication to Marsh & McLennan, it shows. Thank you all very much and I look forward to speaking with you next quarter. 
John Q. Doyle: Sure, good morning Jimmy. As you noted the PNC market conditions remain pretty challenging for our clients, prices were up about 15% on average in the quarter which was consistent with the second quarter. The property market was plus 9 versus plus 12 in the second quarter. It was obviously quite an active cat quarter, flood and wind and wildfire related losses but secondary perils are getting a lot of attention from the underwriting community in the market. Cat was up about 6 although up closer to double-digit globally when you exclude the work comp market in the United States where things remained pretty competitive. The excess market remained particularly challenging here in the United States, the underwriting community worried about our lost cost inflation, social inflation really as courts reopened from being largely closed during the pandemic. The financial lines market I think on average is the most difficult market for the moment for our clients although having said that public D&O pricing is still up but it's up about 10 points versus 15 points in the second quarter and that pricing -- that price increase, that rate of increase is the lowest it's been in the last ten quarter. So starting to see a little bit of settling on that work. Without question the market that is most challenging at the moment is the cyber market where prices were up more than 90% on average driven by material growth in ransom wear plans I'm sure you're familiar with, as well as concerns about systemic events. We have had a few events that maybe modest compared to what potentially could happen but underwriters remain concerned about that. You asked about clients, certainly frustrated by it for sure and some are retaining more risk, we've been a pretty active in creating new captives and there's a premium growth in the captives that we manage as well. Some are also electing to retain more risk and then in some cases of course the market is forcing some of our clients to retain more risk. So, it's client by client and exposure by exposure. As Dan said we are aggressively working to help our clients navigate the market. I will add that although on average the price was -- the average increase was the same globally, most markets did see great moderation. The United States was really the one exception when you look at it on a global basis. 
John Q. Doyle: Sure Dan. We have the largest ever organic hiring in our history this year and we're quite excited about it. Dan touched on the market facing talent that we brought in a bit earlier. I will say it starts with the team, we began the year with -- our teams are deeper and strong as it's ever been. We worked really hard to come together with the team at JLT. We worked on purpose and culture and our colleagues are highly engaged and focused. But one of the things we are working on has been investing aggressively in our client service operations as well. We have a broad program called OPEX, short for operational excellence to improve efficiency, to improve client service outcomes but also to increase the capacity of our market facing colleagues as well. So a fair amount of hiring came in service centers around the world and of course it is not just talent, we're supporting that talent with investments in technologies. We try to automate more and more of our processes. 
John Q. Doyle: Hey Meyer, it is really nothing all that extraordinary that happened in any of the region. Quarter-to-quarter, obviously, you can see some variation. We did have a bit of non-recurring issues and tougher comps in EMEA in the quarter, but they weren't material either. I am pleased with the growth in both regions and I expect us to continue to perform in both territories going forward. 
John Q. Doyle: I am certainly hearing concerns on multiple levels, maybe I'll start just on the claim side for a second. And Peter mentioned earlier that more than $100 billion were the cat losses. Of course, we're typically accustomed to demand surge related kind of temporary inflation, if you will, around cat losses. But it's further, those issues are further exacerbated by the supply chain challenges that we're seeing in markets. So there's some level of concern there in terms of what it'll mean, ultimately, the lost costs around cats. I mentioned earlier, the impact of social inflation around liability claims and particularly here in the United States and a couple of other jurisdictions as courts reopen after the pandemic, and we're seeing some evidence of that, although broad based evidences is really yet to show itself. Of course, payrolls and employment levels are important from a demand perspective around commercial insurance and work comp in particular. And so there is concern about wage inflation from some of our clients and the impact on growing costs there. And maybe with that, you -- I will hand it to Martine to talk maybe more about the benefits side of the business.
