Martin South: Yes. Thank you, John. As you said, very strong growth for Marsh across the board in International and North America. As you said, we don't comment on specifically on MMA, but they've had a good quarter. The growth in the MGA business was strong. There's partly some impact from the capital markets and some moderating growth in financial construction, cyber lines reflecting some pricing pressures. But as you say, we don't look at this on a quarter-over-quarter basis. We look it over a longer period of time, and we feel very positive about the U.S. business and the Canadian business.
Martin South: Yes, I agree with that, John. That's our job. Just to level set, we're in the 24th consecutive quarter of rate increases. We'll release our survey in a couple of weeks' time. And I don't think we're at an inflection point when it comes to pricing. The pricing cycles we're seeing across the different geographies and product lines are beginning to show a mix of strengths and weaknesses depending on the combination. The third quarter Casualty grew at 3%. It grew in 3% the quarter before and the quarter before -- and the quarter before. So, we're not seeing an acceleration. But I would say we're hearing a lot more talk from carriers about pressures on pricing and social facing and some of the nuclear verdicts that are out there, and we're keeping our clients closely posted on those. Property was at 7%. These rates were roughly in line with the prior quarter. We saw some softness in FINPRO lines. FINPRO lines came down by 6% in the third quarter. They were down 8% in the quarter before. So, I don't think that's a trend yet, but it's certainly less. And as you mentioned in the introduction, John, our cyber index came down by 2%, and it was up by 1% in the quarter, so three percentage point delta between the courses. So, it's a relatively calm market that we'll see on casualty.
Martin South: I'd be thrilled to. Yes. As you say, great growth in international, 10%; Latin America, up 14%; APAC, 10%, EMEA, 9%. So really, really pleasing growth. I'd say there are a few areas that are outstanding at the moment, the energy and power business, the transition is fueling growth. Credit Specialties had a terrific quarter in aviation, as well as MMB, which is a big part of our business in Europe delivered strong double-digit growth. And our advisory business, our value proposition is to go to market through a lens to help our clients think through the cost of risk. And so that's been a big growth area for us as we think that, and we think that will continue to broaden our opportunities. That's been great growth. It's been good growth between renewal and new bid business across the business and we've had less lost business. The clients are staying with us longer as they see the value in an organization like ours that has such broad capabilities. So, we feel very good about that across the board. And of course, you've got the fundamentals in Latin America with protection gap and somewhat emerging markets in Eastern Europe as well that have had a very strong growth as well. So, we feel well positioned and very positive about the trajectory there.
John Doyle: So really, backing up a little bit, Elyse. As our business has operated more closely together, we've just identified additional opportunities. They're largely in the same areas, right? It's around realigning our workforce and mostly in functions, I would say, as opposed to market-facing workforce talent, real estate, and technology. We've not broken it out by group, but the costs are severance, lease terminations, and streamlining technology. So again, we're excited about some of the opportunities that we've uncovered and I'm proud of the team. We're executing against them.
John Doyle: Yes, thanks, Jimmy. Oliver Wyman has been more sensitive to GDP over time, but it's also been a faster growing part of our business over time as well. And after a relatively slow start to the year, Oliver Wyman had a terrific run, is now having strong growth year-to-date and a very, very strong quarter. So, Nick, maybe you can share with Jimmy some color on how things look at Oliver Wyman.
John Doyle: Sure, Mike. What I would say is it is a volatile macro environment, certainly, both the economy and geopolitically, as I mentioned before. But I do believe nominal GDP is a better indicator of demand over time and with inflation, tight labor markets and pricing positive in the P&C market, those macro factors are certainly supportive of growth. But what I would also say is we've been working very hard to shift our mix of business to better growth markets over time. A handful of examples, M&A, of course, the middle market at both Marsh and Mercer. ROCIO business we've been investing in. We have invested organically and inorganically throughout Asia. And then more broadly, we've invested in talent, sales operations, and our client engagement model. So, we believe we're a better growth business and better positioned. And while, again, that macro environment is quite volatile, we're confident in our ability to perform over economic cycles.
John Doyle: Yes. Sure, Mark -- Mike, excuse me, I'm happy to comment. I mean, first of all, I would say that the E&S market volumes historically have moved with pricing cycles. I think given the volatile risk environment, I suspect that E&S market volumes will be more durable than they've been historically. Underwriters are looking for flexibility. And third-party wholesalers can give us access to certain markets. At the same time, we access some E&S markets directly today. And so -- in terms of third-party wholesale, I think we'd have to be thoughtful about whether or not we would be a good owner. We do have a business in Victor that does a lot of business with independent really small commercial Main Street agents. That's a marketplace we can serve and do serve today with solutions. But our focus, again, broadly speaking, in Marsh's business is about bringing the entirety of the market, all solutions that are out there, whether they're standard market or admitted market solutions or non-admitted solutions. We want to have the flexibility to do that, and that's what we do to make sure that we can protect and bring the best solutions to our clients. Hopefully, that was helpful.
John Doyle: No, I don't -- thanks, David. I don't see it as an acceleration in the quarter. Certainly, on a GAAP basis, in the quarter, expense growth was impacted by M&A, restructuring, but also FX. And even on an adjusted basis, obviously, FX played a role there. But as I said earlier, we're trying to balance delivering today and investing for the future. We're not trying to optimize margins in a particular quarter or for that matter, in a year. We've got a track record, a disciplined track record of growing revenue faster than expense, but we're not going to do it in every quarter, in every business, and every quarter. And so, we see right opportunities to make investments that we think are going to create opportunities for us to deliver value for our clients. We're going to make them.
John Doyle: Yes. Thanks, Martin. What I would also say, David, and I mentioned this to Jimmy, but clearly, the cost of risk is rising, right? So, whether it's a frequency of cat events, including extreme weather, casualty loss costs, whether it's core inflation, social inflation, some of the underwriting community referring to as legal system abuse, the growth in litigation funding, concerns for our clients for sure and the underwriting community as well. Thanks, David.
John Doyle: Yes. Sure, Rob. Again, margins and outcome, it's not our primary objective. Our focus is on growing earnings and free cash flow over time. We're not trying to optimize margin expansion in any period, certainly in any business in any period. We do expect solid margin expansion in 2023, which will be our 16th consecutive year of margin expansion. There were FX headwinds in RIS' margins in the third quarter. But again, I'm pleased with the progress that we've made there. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, again, we expect good solid margin expansion in 2023.
John Doyle: Sure, Rob. I'll ask Martine to comment in a second, but we've had good growth in our health and benefits business at Mercer in our business internationally, which is Mercer Marsh Benefits and at MMA. It is a pressure point, clearly, for our clients in this economy. And so, clients more and more looking to us for solutions there. Martine, maybe you could share some insights.
John Doyle: Yes. Thanks, Meyer. I would say, as I said, obviously, the macro economy remains uncertain, and there is a fair amount of questions about it. What I would say is mature markets have relatively resilient, but inflation of cost persists Central banks are -- their primary mission is to reduce inflation. But we do see a meaningful risk of recession, and we're prepared for that sure. And some markets are in recession now. But I'll ask Nick, Martine, again, I think Oliver Wyman historically has been a bit more sensitive to GDP and Mercer's Career business has as well. But Nick, maybe you could share some thoughts on the economy and what you think that might mean to our business.
John Doyle: No, it's not less true. But again, keep in mind, Mercer had its best quarter of growth. It's a bigger business than Oliver Wyman and it's best quarter of growth in 15 years. So that's the reason you didn't see anything there.
John Doyle: Yes, sure. Happy to talk about that, Scott. Again, very pleased with our growth at Marsh. It was particularly strong in the International segment in the quarter. And in spite of mixed economic outcomes in Europe, our business is performing exceptionally well there. And we've had good growth over a long period of time in Latin America. Martin, maybe you could share some color on growth in both of those markets.
John Doyle: Sure. We remain quite active in the market and the pipeline remains solid for sure. And again, I just want to emphasize how pleased we were to welcome Grant to the family in the third quarter, and we expect to close Hanon relatively soon. They're two well-led businesses. Well positioned solid growth fundamentals in both of them, expanding our presence in the middle market, which gets back to the mix point that I was making earlier. So overall, we closed five deals in the quarter. Those were the two bigger ones. We're very excited about it. We're certainly -- it's an active marketplace. While there's fewer transactions, there's a lot that is at play. And so, we're wide out about and clear on what we're looking for. Valuations remain elevated for strong businesses that are in the market. But we know what we're looking for and we know how to manage the risk of M&A. And so, we're going to be selective and disciplined, but we expect to continue to deploy capital inorganically.
John Doyle: Bob, what I -- again, the most important point to make here is it's our job to find efficient risk financing solutions for our clients. So, what I would say is, yes, there's been some major breaches that will drive some insured losses in the marketplace. There's also been an increase, again, in the number of ransomware claims that's -- that have happened during the course of this year. But I would also note that the underwriting community has reacted to growing ransomware claims over the course of the last couple of years through higher attachment points. The market is also -- the underwriting market is also reacting to possible systemic events that could aggregate losses in their portfolios. We're, of course, helping them at Guy Carpenter and at the same time, working with Marsh to build better solutions for that. But the market's been restricting coverage for systemic type events. And so that's a factor in that marketplace as well. And so, I don't think the market will move meaningfully based on a couple of losses. But we have some work to do collectively to help in a digital economy. When I say collectively, I mean the royal we, the entire marketplace, in coming up with better solutions to help clients manage the risks -- cyber-related risks in a digital economy. Thank you.
John Doyle: Thanks, Ryan, for the question. Yes, I think Martin pointed this out. There's -- I can't talk about relative exposure. But clearly, capital market volatility, the rising cost of capital, M&A activity is down. IPO activity is down. SPACs are down. DSPACs down, all those kinds of things that drive risk and create opportunities for us to offer advice and solutions are under some pressure. And somewhat related to that, as Martin also noted earlier, pricing is down as well. And so those are headwinds. But again, we have a well-diversified business in the United States. We help our clients manage a wide range of risks. And broadly speaking, again, the cost of risk continues to rise for the factors that I mentioned earlier on the call. So, thank you, Ryan. I appreciate that, and I want to thank you all for joining us on the call. In closing, I want to thank our over 85,000 colleagues for their hard work and dedication. I also want to thank our clients for their continued support. Thank you, all, very much, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
