Dan Glaser: Sure and I'll hand off to John and also to Peter to give me deeper commentary. But I'll just start by saying, we're an intermediary. We're insurance brokers and on the Marsh side of the house, we do everything we can to negotiate broad coverage terms and high quality, best site available sort of thing. And that's what we'll continue to do. That's our job until to us. We're not trying to strike a balance between insurance companies and our clients. We're an advocate for our clients. And these are tough times for a lot of our clients. And so, we're working hard to obtain the best terms as possible, because nobody wants to be paying premium increases at a time when cash is king.And so, we're really focused on doing our best. And we expect in this kind of environment, there's a bit of a flight to quality. There's also higher levels of client with retention anticipated and probably softer new business as we go forward as we work through. But John you want to talk about the overall environment for COVID losses and how you're seeing the market today? We're going to be plugging john in a second. But what Peter Hearn let me go to you and talk a little bit about the reinsurance side.
Dan Glaser: Well thanks Jimmy. Yes, I mean, the Alaska situation is completely different from this one. And so, really it doesn't apply. But, our role and principle focus as a broker is to advocate forcibly for policyholders, and doing our best to obtain broad coverage and in the event of a claim assisting them with recovery and so from that standpoint, that's what we do. We're on the client side of the table trying to develop outcomes. And as we mentioned in the script, this is going to be, a case-by-case sort of a basis This is a different wording out there. Some language is much clearer than others.And so therefore, there will be different impacts as we go through advocating for clients. In terms of our own risk management practices over the last few years, we've streamlined our professional standards, we've conducted E&O training with thousands of colleagues, and we've instituted widespread limits of liability. So E&O is a large risk exposure to us. We are in the business of giving advice, but on that – but I think we are entering this crisis with consistency and controlsin terms of how we render that advice.
Dan Glaser: No, I think that the impact, generally in insurance, you have delayed impact geared up with renewal dates and that sort of thing. It's not immediate type of impact. I think we're going to feel headwind in parts of our business significant headwinds, both in the second and in the third quarter and I can't really say which one is likely to be more significant, when I look at the overall company and as we decide before, RIS to do reasonably okay, in this circumstances here. Mercer, we're thinking, it's going to be negative, most likely for the balance of the year. But overall, we think it's probably a modest decline for the year and there'll be proper pullbacks in OW. And in fact, at the end, we're very much focused not only in managing this crisis to the best we can, but also emerging from this crisis stronger than we otherwise would be. And so, we're not fighting every end for the second and third quarter. We're fighting for the next three years, and we're making sure that we're doing the right things now to ensure that we're positioned well.
Dan Glaser: Yes, you you're spot on Elyse, and I would just in general, we're not really focused on margin, we're focused more on issues around revenue and earnings. And margin will be an outcome of what happens on the top line to a large extent. But you're right on and thinking that based upon what we’ve said about RIS, it's likely that RIS's margin hold up and may even improve a bit. And on the other hand, it's likely the Consulting margin based upon what we said is going to occur with their revenue outlook, are going to reduce. And overall companywide, I can't make a call right now in terms of that. I do know I love streak. And we've had 12 years in a row of margin expansion, and so we won't give that one or two easily.
Dan Glaser: Yes, I think the way to look at it is, what's recurring revenue and what's more project related and that has more of an impact as to whether something falls in Consulting or something falls on the RSI side. On the RSI side there's a significant amount of recurring revenue, but parts of Mercer have a lot of recurring revenue as well. And so both of those recurring revenue pieces probably have a longer time horizon or a lag effect and so you will see an impact over the second and the third quarter as those businesses adjust. Areas which has non-recurring revenue, it could be done project related Consulting in Career within Mercer it could be most of Oliver Wyman is project related. Those will be faster decline, more immediate decline. And so you would be right in the second quarter in those parts of the business coming off. Next question please, operator.
Dan Glaser: So thanks, Greg. I mean, it's a really important question. And it's multifaceted. But, let me talk about it a little bit from our perspective. I mean, I -- we did talk about both Marsh and I that our visibility into our outlook is uncertain, so making decisions with so much uncertainty about outlook isn't easy. But those decisions are best done with clear eyes and the collective judgment of a seasoned team. So, we've spent a lot of time surveying the horizon. And in our view, as I was just mentioning, we're in a resilient business. Yes, it hold up pretty well. Some parts of Consulting are going to see meaningful pullback, but we expect them to come back strong as the economy recovers and so we've got many different levers on the expense side at our disposal.We want to preserve flexibility and optionality for as long as we can. And we want to make decisions based on data scenario planning, stress testing, and we've got all kinds of capability within the firm in order to do that, and we recognize that there are different levers for different challenges. When we think about expense cuts, and our bonus pool it's primarily giving us levers to protect earnings, and by the way just as an aside, our bonus pool in 2019 was the largest in our history, so from that standpoint, bonus pools expense cuts are going to protect earnings as we go forward.To us salary reductions and things like dividend cuts are levers to protect liquidity it's kind of like survival mode stuff. And we would -- we took some other actions, we secured additional assets and liquidity early in the crisis. We believe that that's going to help us manage through most scenarios to the slowdown in collections impact our cash flow.And as we saw in the financial crisis, there was a slowdown in the collection cycle, but it is temporary, so solving that issue by reducing pays is an awfully blunt instrument, and it can have lasting implications, starting with the notion of battering trust with your colleague base by challenging them when they're in this difficult period and the snap back that all recurring cost, once pay is lifted back again it's just a couple of things that make it really problematic.Also you can't just implement that kind of thing easily this Consultation rules in most countries and so doing some sort of broad base pay reduction programs are very difficult. And the impact oftentimes will fall most heavily and unfairly on the U.S. population and so based upon our outlook today, levers like pay cuts or dividend cuts are not necessary. We track daily cash activity so we can get early warning signs and we can react quickly if those levers are warranted, but I can't emphasize enough that we are managing this period very closely. We have never been more connected as an organization, the leadership team and I meet every day and we are watching new business, expenses, exposure, pricing, cash flows obsessively as a leadership team and we are calm and we are clear-eyed in this crisis. Our intention is that in terms of levers to avoid being late and pulling a lever, but also avoid doing something now that is harmful, and later proved to be unnecessary.
Dan Glaser: Well, I'm not going to comment on the potential merger between AON and Willis, I'll leave it to them to comment on it. We like our strategic positioning, we would not change position with any of our competitors. We believe that, we are set up very well, we're in the right countries, we've got the highest quality colleague base, we've got a client which would be the envy of any company in the world.And so we think that, we'll be able to grow substantially in the future based upon the fact that we're the leading provider of services around risk strategy and people and we like the way we're set up. I do know, we've learned an awful lot about integrating activities over the course of the last decade, we've done a number of acquisitions and, of course, JLT was the largest acquisition in our history. And we had a terrific year, a remarkable year in 2019, even though we were doing a lot of integration work and that is down to the quality of the executive team and the matching of culture that existed.They -- were the cultures were not identical, that's to be sure. But they're both high quality. They're both positive. They're both client focused. And so on that basis I really think that our fourth quarter demonstrate tick that box. JLT was a special acquisition for Marsh & McLennan and was the successful integration. We had 5% underlying revenue growth for the firm, but more specifically the places that really overlap the most with JLT is that Marsh at 5%, Guy Carpenter at 7%. And Mercer was 5%, but it was 8% underlying and health and so the quality of what we've been able to deliver, I mean, our adjusted operating income and almost $1.2 billion is a first quarter record for us.And so we're thrilled. We were set up for a wonderful year in 2020 in -- okay, so now, like the rest of the world we're dealing with the crisis, but it doesn't take away from the fact that we are a stronger, more capable, more creative, more connected firm than we've ever been before.
Dan Glaser: Yes, I mean, it's a great question because I think there are certain things that that are occurring which may actually last longer and maybe be permanent as we go forward. I mean things like flexible work arrangements may put our pressure on our real estate costs over time not in the short-term, but over time as an organization we have proven to ourselves and to our clients base that we can work from home, we can work remotely and do it effectively.And so there's an awful I mean, I absolutely believe that more agile environment, more digital are going to be a part of our future and that would be a real positive.Now in terms of expensive levers there’s several that you can pull. I mean, I start from the idea that we have a very significant bonus pool as I mentioned before in the last 2019 our bonus pool was the largest level in the aggregate in our history as a company.And it's all here, net operating income, so we are team deep within the organization, is very aligned with shareholders and very aligned with the net operating income of the firm. And so it will be geared if the NOI is dropping while the bonus pool is not listed, and that's a wonderful lever, because it's variable, it's variable for a reason. And the other thing I would say is, we're a people business and while you may have less attrition in a recessionary environment, you still have attrition, and we thought in other recessions and we do not have a hiring freeze, in fact, we're hiring people every day, but we will control our hiring and we'll make sure that our executive team is very involved in making the decision that we want to make, but we'll manage our attrition that way and have some more control over that.Clearly, significant pullback in the use of temps for contractors and things like T&E have fallen away a lot of marketing spent. The things like conferences, meetings, events over time, all things that that we have as levers which have largely already been pulled to some extent and you can always go deeper there. But, we're comfortable in what in how we're set up. I mean, at the end, we said that we think that that our overall revenue might be down modestly as a company for the year. And if so then our overall EPS will be down modestly as well. But it might be slightly better than what our revenue would go.
Dan Glaser: Yes, hi. Thank you operator and I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call this morning. In closing, I want to applaud the tireless dedication of our 76,000 colleagues worldwide and the important role they played supporting their colleagues, clients and local communities. Times like these tested true character of an organization and the strength of individuals. And what I've seen from MMC in the past few months has been nothing short of amazing. So thank you all and have a good day.
