Mark Christopher McGivney: Sure. Thanks, Quentin. You know as we said before, margin expansion is an outcome of our running the business properly. We grow revenues faster than expenses virtually all the time, and when that's not the case it's purposeful and it's planned for. We've said before that you shouldn't really look at margin expansion in an individual quarter. It's more important and more meaningful to look at it over a longer stretch of time: year-to-date basis or rolling four quarters, something like that. If you look on a year-to-date basis, the company overall is up 100 basis points against 3% overall growth for the company. And each of the segments is also up 100 basis points, and I think that's more indicative of where our margin expansion really is. So, I wouldn't take the dramatic expansion in the third quarter as the new reality going forward.
Mark Christopher McGivney: Maybe just a little bit, Dan. As I said earlier, Oliver Wyman tends to be more of a top line issue than a bottom line issue just the way they're comp is geared. And also remember, we signaled this weakness coming, and Scott and Oliver Wyman did a great job in the quarter knowing that it was going to be a little bit soft, managing very defensively. So they were able to put up a pretty good result in the context of that tough top line. And as Dan said, the proportion of Oliver or the contribution of Oliver Wyman to the overall Consulting segment – the segment is dominated by Mercer and Mercer did pretty well. So they had relatively strong growth in the quarter and good underlying earnings growth.
Mark Christopher McGivney: I mean when we look at our overall expense growth as a company, it was minus 1% in the quarter on an underlying basis, so I think you have to look more at underlying, get the FX out of there. And so when we look at the year-to-date for the company, we've grown revenue 3% year-to-date as a company and our expenses are up 2% year-to-date. In the quarter, obviously, underlying revenue was 1% and our expense growth in the quarter was minus 1% on an underlying basis. I think that's the more accurate way of looking at it.
Mark Christopher McGivney: Yeah, so Kai, we did have one adjustment this quarter. That was actually a downward revision in expected earn-out payment as you said, and just a couple of things on that. Generally these earn-outs, they probably average three years, but they can range from two to four . And that's a relatively short period of time to make a call on the fundamental success of an acquisition over a long period of time. The other thing, this was a pretty unusual adjustment actually, because if you look over the last 15 quarters, this is the first quarter in the last 15 where we've had an adjustment go this way. So whether we're talking about this specific acquisition or the vast majority of all the deals we've done over the last several years, we are very happy with the way they're performing, and this one in particular.
Mark Christopher McGivney: Thank you very much. You know, just a couple of things, Peter, to your question. Think of the timing more as what Dan said earlier. This is just part of a multi-year strategy. So we've, as opposed to taking a one size fits all or one shot approach to this, we've over the last several years been addressing risk in that part of our business. And the U.S. is the latest step in that line and it's linked to our philosophy. Really we should think about this as addressing long-term risk and volatility as opposed to anything that'll have a meaningful impact on earnings or cash flow in the near term. And so I think if you think about it that way, that's the right way to approach it.
Mark Christopher McGivney: As we said in the second quarter and I just reiterated earlier, our outlook at this point is that we'll be able to effectively mitigate any retirement expense volatility. So as we sit here today, I just wouldn't expect, as we're sitting here today, wouldn't expect any positive or negative.
Mark Christopher McGivney: Yeah. Just specifically, just to build on what Dan said, specifically to cash flow, if we look year-to-year there can be disconnects between earnings and cash flow. But when we look back over reasonably, couple year, two-year, three-year, four-year periods of time, the relationship between our adjusted net income and our free cash flow is pretty tight. And we expect both to grow over time.
Mark Christopher McGivney: Yeah. Very similar to what we saw in the second quarter. I mean if you take the pieces, you think about the $125 million credit we had last year that was onetime and how we talked about this year expense going down to replace that, and overall for the year retirement expense being down about $30 million, so you take that full package it gives you sort of the underlying drop in pension expense for the year, that is a good baseline, as we've talked about. And it happens pretty ratably over the course of the year, so I think with those pieces you can get at the rough impact to the quarter. But as we've said earlier, even if you take out the benefit in the quarter, the underlying performance of business was very strong. So even without any retirement benefits, both segments had strong performance in the quarter.
Peter Zaffino: Sure. Quentin, first let me start with core fundamentals of what happened in the U.S. and Canada in the third quarter. We're very pleased with the growth of 3%. The U.S. had a very strong new business quarter as well as contribution from strong client and revenue retention. MMA continues to be a strong contributor, the core U.S. was a strong contributor and Canada was less of a headwind. In terms of leadership, I'll start with John Doyle. John has had a material impact since he has arrived at Marsh. There is no executive that I'm aware of that knows more of our clients and has been heavily engaged in working with clients, working with our colleagues, and focusing on top line growth. Martin South has been with Marsh for many years and is a very established leader. His most positive attributes are how he grows businesses and his innovation and he has had a positive impact on the U.S. and Canada division as well. It's early days for him, but expect a combination of John's arrival and Martin's arrival in the United States is going to have a really positive impact for our ability to grow the business in the future.
Peter Zaffino: Sure, Dan. Elyse, in the third quarter certainly zero is a disappointing result, but as Dan said, it's better to look at the year-to-date. And the year-to-date underlying organic growth is 2%. The third quarter is a much smaller quarter when compared to the first and second, and actually only about 20% of the revenue in the third quarter incepts in that particular quarter. So it's just susceptible to more adjustments than perhaps the earlier part of the year. I feel very good about our new business, which is a key metric within Guy Carpenter. They had a terrific new business quarter in terms of winning accounts. And I'm really encouraged by Peter Hearn's arrival. He is a relentless leader on growth. He has been very focused on our global business, meeting with clients, meeting with colleagues. Our pipeline for new opportunities is strong as it's been in the recent past, and the pipeline to acquire talent is very strong. So I'm really encouraged by what we see. And as Dan said, Guy Carpenter has really performed well in a challenging market environment.
Peter Zaffino: Sure, Dan. I want to reiterate that it really is best to look at the year-to-date margin expansion. I mentioned in the first quarter that in the medium to long-term if you're growing at a 2% to 3%, it's probably more challenging to expand margin at the pace that we have. Having said that, we've been very disciplined in terms of how we anticipate the growth and what the expense growth can be within the quarters and the years. And we have invested and planted a lot of seeds for not only growth, but also operational efficiency, and we believe that is starting to pay off. We have been able to expand margin despite wearing the amortization for all of the acquisitions that we've done over a period of time, and we're optimistic that we can continue to grow the top line greater than our expense.
Peter Zaffino: Okay. Yeah. Just adding, Dan, to what I said in terms of narrative for the quarter and the year-to-date, the first part of the growth is looking at how you're retaining your clients and we have had terrific retention on clients. The next is certainly are you winning new business in the market. And when I look at our new business growth, I'm really pleased with what we see across the world, many contributions from many countries and we've been able to grow the business quite well. Again, there's definitely been some headwinds in the market with global macroeconomic issues as well as insurance pricing. They've largely been headwinds. But then we've been able to grow in 26 consecutive quarters of underlying organic growth. So the business is built to drive underlying organic growth. You've mentioned a couple of places where we're growing. They're not material to the overall today, but we're excited about it. Cyber is a big part of our innovation. We've developed programs in the London market, which prearrange $50 million of capacity for clients across the world. We have launched for smaller commercial clients capability through our MGA and through nine months we've had over 4,000 quotes with a take up of around 15%. We're planting seeds in flood. We have a digital capability that will expand and position us differently in the small end of commercial. I think when Dan references the investments that we're making; it's about focusing on growth and efficiencies in order to enable us to invest more in growth over time and feel like the company is really well positioned to do that.
Peter Zaffino: Sure. I mean, I'm not going to go into too much detail, but you're right. We were awarded the first reinsurance agreement for FEMA. We're very active on the Marsh side as well in terms of the National Flood Insurance Program. I think you will see a trend continue that there's more of a private and public balance in terms of solution for flood. Guy Carpenter's built tremendous capabilities in its ability to model, assess and be very creative in solutions for flood and expect them to add tremendous value in helping assemble a program that's going to work.
Peter Zaffino: Okay. As we've said, we had good growth in the UK, was offset by Continental Europe and the Middle East. There were a few discrete items, insurance pricing and macro conditions were a factor, had actually solid new business. And the one thing just to keep in mind is it's the seasonally smallest quarter for Continental Europe by a fairly wide margin and so sometimes those discrete items can have an impact in a particular quarter. But we have had macro headwinds and insurance pricing headwinds in that part of the world for the better part of a few years now.
Daniel S. Glaser: And I think it's important for you to recognize that our leadership moves are done out of strength. Most of them are internal, but we also look externally to always build our capabilities. And if you just look at RIS in the last year alone, adding people like John Doyle, Peter Hearn, Chris Schaper, I mean it's pretty incredible injection of talent on a leadership basis into the business. And so it's a great mixture of homegrown and then looking into the marketplace and getting the best available athlete at any point in time. Next question please.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yeah, no. So hi, Mike. I would say, again, look at the year-to-date and look at the rolling 12 months or rolling four quarters as more indicative of what our expectation of margin expansion is. You mentioned RIS. If you look at RIS over the last five years, they've increased about 660 basis points in terms of, yeah, about 600 basis points actually over that period of time. So they've had around a 500, 510, 520 bps margin expansion on a CAGR basis over that period of time. So I think that's the way you should look at that.
Daniel S. Glaser: Well, it's interesting because, as you know, we don't have a budget at all for acquisitions, but we run a global pipeline. And similarly to last year, our pipeline in the first half of the year was a little softer than typical, but, boy, it's picked up. And the pipeline's pretty full. So we're considering a number of different things, and so it's impossible to say right now how that's likely to fall between acquisitions and share repurchases. We continue our conversations. What we can say is the $2.3 billion is the number that in a balanced way we intend to return that capital to shareholders. It's unlikely to be less than that, and it may even be a little bit more than that. But that's where we are right now.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yeah. It's a good question. I'd start by saying that we're a company that cares deeply for our colleagues, so we don't take pension decisions lightly. Several years ago, we adopted a general philosophy that favors DC plans over DB. And we actually wrote a document and published it within our HR department. And that philosophy had more to do with risk and volatility than with P&L or cash contribution considerations. You may recall that in 2014 we closed and froze our U.K. plans. The U.K. plans were our highest, largest plans and they represented about 50% of our overall global plan liabilities. And so we really over the course of the last 18 months or so confronted ourselves as a global firm, and basically said that we had an obligation to follow the same philosophy, which was favoring DC in the U.S. as we do in the rest of the world. So it was more to do with being a global firm, not a U.S. multinational that we made this decision.
Daniel S. Glaser: Thanks, Scott. And sorry Charles, but I thought growth is the key issue in a 1% underlying growth quarter, so I wanted to make sure that we treated it fully.
Daniel S. Glaser: Looking at a couple of things; one, clearly when you're buying back shares you have a more immediate EPS impact forgetting about revenue growth but really just focusing on short-term delivery to shareholders and acquisitions are more about building a company for the mid- to long-term, and oftentimes have a negative impact in the short term on EPS, either through amortization or restructuring charges or anything, integration types of issues. We are absolutely focused when we look at building our company through acquisition on getting better; either that's getting better by geography, by segment, by capability. We look at things which are growing at least as fast as we are or preferably faster than we are, in companies that we can acquire at our multiple or lower. Now clearly, and you've heard it from many people before, the multiples have risen over the last five or six years, and so there's a tighter frame around execution and you have to make sure that the perfume of an acquisition does not entice you to do something that shouldn't be done. But we are a very disciplined company, and as you can see by not only our revenue growth but also our earnings growth over a number of years across 120 acquisitions, that most of them are performing at or better than what our expectations have been.
Daniel S. Glaser: Okay. So that's a specific question in RIS and maybe even more specifically to Marsh, so without going country-by-country, Peter, why don't you just talk about EMEA a little bit and specifically Continental Europe.
Daniel S. Glaser: We're always open to it. As we said before, it would be unlikely for us to add leverage to the balance sheet just to buy back shares unless there was a severe market downturn and the opportunity just couldn't be resisted. But generally if it was acquisition-based then we would be open to increasing our leverage on the balance sheet perhaps even permanently. So we're not zealous with regard to guarding our 1.6x corporate debt-to-EBITDA ratio.
Daniel S. Glaser: Thank you. I think, operator, that pretty much covers the call. I'd like to thank everybody for joining us this morning. I just want to reiterate that I am very pleased with the third quarter and I'm looking forward to a strong close of the year. I'd like to thank our clients for their support and our colleagues for their hard work and dedication in serving them. Hope everyone has a good day. Thank you very much.
Julio A. Portalatin: Yeah. Thank you. The Mercer portfolio, as you know, is a very global portfolio that's diversified, very balanced by geography, line of business and client segments across the globe. At any given quarter, you can have some puts and takes along the way, but consistently we've been able to deliver growth and margin expansion and profitability growth. And we continue to invest to ensure that our growth is solid, whether you talk about expanding our solutions in talent with our purchase in the Workday space, implementation space with Jeitosa, CPSG; also investment in executive remuneration by our acquisition of Kepler; and expanding our geographic presence capabilities through investments in improving footprints in places like Africa; expanding our investment management capabilities with alternatives in Switzerland under SEM acquisition; or strengthening our presence in Asia with HRBS and Brazil with GAMA. And, of course, new solutions, new organic solutions that we're pressing on with, the Pension Risk Exchange in the U.S., UK and Canada have now been launched. And Mercer Match investing in research offerings, and also LifetimePlus in Australia market, Mercer Match, PeoplePro, all these things that are digitally oriented in many cases are really to be able to expand our capabilities, to ensure that we are reaching the full breadth of client segments and their demands in a growing world that has different demands along that continuum. So the needs are changing, we're ahead of those needs, we're continuing to invest, and it is truly a global growth story.
Julio A. Portalatin: All right. Thanks, Jay. Mercer has always been balanced and measured about the exchange space, as you know. The Mercer Marketplace 365 journey has and continues to be an innovation that's full of learnings along the way as anything else that we invest. It also continues to be small in the full scheme of things, whether at the global health level or the Mercer level or even more so on the MMC level. For 2016 selling season we did have softer conversion rates on sales, something that I mentioned during our last call, in fact. And additionally we had decision delays that were seen particularly in the large market segments. And there was also some attrition, as you would expect now three years in, inclusive of one client in particular that accounted for a large portion of the last results. So these dynamics, as I just mentioned, resulted in a number of lives being flat year-on-year at approximately 1.5 million.
Julio A. Portalatin: Yeah, that's right, Dan, thanks. As I mentioned, the overall Mercer portfolio is really diversified and balanced geographically across the globe, so it's really a global picture that you have to take a look at when you think about overall growth and you bring it down by line of business, portfolio, client segments, there can be some puts and takes, as you know, across the portfolio in any given quarter, including tough comparisons versus prior year et cetera. But as Dan mentioned, feeling fairly good about our year-to-date health growth at 5%.
