John Doyle: Good morning, David. Sure. So yeah, let me first of all, just say, I was pleased with our growth in the quarter. It was on top of a very big quarter a year ago at 11%. Marsh had good solid growth by region and practice on top of a tough comp. Guy Carpenter had an excellent quarter. Market improvements led to increased demand after a pretty volatile reinsurance market in 2023. Mercer again had another solid quarter of growth, as Mark noted in his comments, best growth -- stretch of growth in a long period of time. Health remains very strong. Wealth growth was solid and we actually saw an uptick in career growth from the first quarter. And Oliver Wyman had a very tough comp, but had good growth -- has had good growth year-to-date. And as we pointed out in the past, we'll have more quarter-to-quarter volatility than our other businesses. What I would say is broadly speaking, the macros continue to be supportive of growth. It's a risky environment we're all operating in, but GDP, inflation, labor markets, the cost -- rising cost of risk, rising cost of healthcare, all supportive. And I feel very, very -- I feel like we're very well-positioned. We have the best talent in the markets that we compete in. And so, we're positive on our outlook for the second half, that again remains a good market for us. And so we feel good about where we are.
John Doyle: Yeah. I mean the markets are quite dynamic, right? And so, I would just caution you a little bit on pricing, right? I think Guy Carpenter is a good indication of that, right? So we saw a better market lead to increased demand. But as I mentioned earlier, it was a good solid growth by region and by practice, again in the second quarter and on top of a tough comp. But Martin, maybe you could share a little bit more color on growth international versus US and the demand you're seeing.
John Doyle: Yeah. Thanks, Scott, and I'll ask Pat to comment in a second. But I mentioned rising healthcare costs in my opening remarks. It's a big pressure point for our clients in this economy. And so -- and particularly given the tight labor markets in most major economies around the world. So -- it's really a terrific value we're delivering to our clients in a very tough marketplace there. Wealth is going to have some volatility as well Career quarter-to-quarter, but Pat, maybe you could talk a little bit about what we're seeing in the marketplace.
John Doyle: No, no. I mean at Mercer, we sold two admin businesses, one in the US, one in the UK to Aptia. And the reason we sold them is they're relatively low-growth and lower-margin businesses. And again on a relative basis, they were capital-intensive. And so we think they have a better owner now and so we feel good about that decision. Thank you, Mike. Andrew, next question, please.
John Doyle: Yeah, it's not a business. It's part of really how we advise our clients at Marsh. And so Blue[i] is kind the brand, if you will, for our suite of analytics. And Martin, maybe you could just share some insight on the range of types of tools that we use that help our clients think about how they manage and finance risk.
John Doyle: No, I don't think there's a real change from the first quarter. As Pat mentioned some of the dynamics, less active labor markets from a turnover point of view, lower comp [and ban] (ph) so it's a -- we didn't have expectations of higher growth in that business during the course of 2024, and we haven't seen anything through six months that changes that outlook.
John Doyle: Yeah. The economics can be different, of course, and they're different from treaty to treaty as well. We work with our insurance company clients. As we talked about when the market was particularly tight last year, while commission is a factor and growing price was a factor in many respects, really what we do with our large insurance company clients is big wholesale relationships where effectively we work on, what amounts to a fee.
John Doyle: Thanks, Andrew, and thank you all for joining us on the call this morning. In closing, I want to thank our colleagues for their hard work and dedication. I also want to thank our clients for their continued support. Thank you all very much, and we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter.
Mark McGivney: Yeah. We're really happy with 130 basis points and it validated the statements we made about the first-quarter margin expansion facing headwinds from several items. So we were good -- we're glad to see the acceleration and we're on track for solid margin expansion for the year.
Mark McGivney: Jimmy, there is -- there is seasonality in balances as we've talked about in the past. But I think the biggest driver, I think, from here is just going to be the outlook for rates. As we've talked about and you saw on our balance sheet in the quarter, we've got about $11.5 billion of fiduciary balances and so I think just where we go from here is just going to be what the central banks do with short-term interest rates. And just as you're modeling going forward, keep in mind that our balances do reflect the revenue mix of our business. So it's not just US rates, obviously that drive -- we've got balances because of the distributed nature of business all over the world. So yeah, so as I said, the outlook really is going to be mostly a function of what the rate picture looks like.
Mark McGivney: Yeah. Elyse, we're definitely seeing the benefit of it. We've stayed away from quantifying specifically how much is going to drop quarter-to-quarter. But you just even see the trend in expense growth quarter-to-quarter that was definitely a factor. Our strong growth and the benefit of savings contributed to that 130 basis points of margin expansion. So we're -- as I said, we haven't quantified the amount that we're seeing each quarter, but we are on track for the level of savings that we talked about and we're seeing the benefit of it.
Mark McGivney: Yeah, Greg. Thanks. You will -- we always -- we'll always caution against focusing too much on a quarter's results, and that's certainly true when it comes to cash flows and free cash flow. They tend to be volatile, not only quarter to quarter, but year to year because of timing of balance sheet items. As you -- so when you look at the six months, we are seeing a decline of course, given the significant bonus payouts that we have in the first quarter, you have a little bit of a denominator -- small denominator issue. And so, you have to be cautious. But two big factors just in the first six months are the higher comp payouts that we had in the first quarter and then receivables are up because of the growth in the business. But we've got a, as you know, a long track record of double-digit growth in free cash flow that has stacked up well against our growth in earnings, and that's what you'd expect in a capital-light business like ours.
Martin South: Sure. So just to restate 7% in the quarter, which is on top of 10% for the second quarter of '23. Quite balanced growth, the international at 7% and the US at 6% -- US and Canada at 6%. Our US business MMA and Victor continued to perform very well in the US. Canada had a weaker quarter, some macros there affected that, that pulled down a little bit. But across the international region, international was a 7% on top of 10% in '23. Asia-Pacific accelerated from 7% on top of 6% in '23, and Latin-America did 8% on top of 17% in the second quarter of '23 and EMEA did 7% on top of 11% in '23. The performance was driven really by very strong performance internationally in the benefits business. Construction, energy, and power all came off strong double-digit growth as well, repeating what happened last year. And we're beginning to see some revitalization in the US capital markets, which has been a headwind for new business growth going back to '21. Renewal base growth was strong and solid, as was new business in both US and Canada and international. And our lost business improved slightly as we continue to build stickier relationships with clients as we engage more deeply, and we aspire to be the risk advisor of the future, talking to them well beyond conventional risk. We feel very well-positioned. Overall, the mix of premium in the US will be more weighted to casualty in its broad terms and probably more balanced in international for property-casualty to answer your -- in terms of property to answer your question.
Martin South: Sure. Just reminding ourselves, 26 quarters of rate increases, which just turned flat now. And as John noted, the -- our index is geared much more towards the larger account segment of our business. And obviously, the mid-market business in the smaller end has less volatility in pricing. But just by line of business, casualty in the US is up 3%, which, as John said, is really dominated by the 10% increase in the umbrella book, which we talked about in earlier calls about the volatility in claims inflation there. Property is flat in most regions, except for the Middle East and India, where we're still seeing some increases in property, maybe as a result of some of the activity in the Middle East in this past quarter. Core FinPro contracting at 5%, with rate decline pretty much across the world, and cyber contracting 6% which is mostly consistent with what we saw in Q1. The pricing trends consistent with recent quarters, we're seeing some slight increases in geographies, but rate contraction is more than normal. And so those are the key issues really that I would comment on now. But of course, as far as our business is concerned, we -- a lot of our business is fee-based or controlled commission basis, and exposure growth has been significant over the last few years as well, which is a counterweight to that.
Martin South: Sure. So as you said, John, this is a suite of analytics tools that we use to help our clients across different product lines assess what risks to retain, what risk they could transfer, the economic cost of that. We pay them across multiple lines to give them exposure and total cost of risk scenarios. We help them analyze claims and the analytics tools in that are able to help our clients who self-insure a lot of losses to identify which losses they need to get at early and how to settled those. So it's a range of real-time analytics built really, and it's one of the unique things about our business is that we have an enormous lake of data, and we think that's one of the big moats that we have to support our business. And some of these analytics tools that we use, we call them generically Blue[i]. We deploy on clients that actually don’t even buy insurance. They tend to be some of our biggest clients in the US. So we'll continue to invest in that. And as we announced in the call last year, we added to that with supply chain capability and -- so it's the way clients expect to be engaged, and that's the tool that we use.
