Vanessa Wittman: Clearly over the last 12 to 18 months we have been very conservative with our cash. Really, the economic instability and the lack of visibility in the businesses has led us to that conclusion. And of the acquisitions done, you saw us using a lot of stock over that period. As we go forward, we will continue to make very conservative decisions as we look at acquisitions, and you saw us use cash at the very end of the first quarter for HSBC. As you noted, we're accumulating cash and we want to begin to use some of that for acquisitions but continue to balance that with other demands on the cash.
Vanessa Wittman: Sure. Larry, on the FX front, it was a slight positive in the quarter but fairly de minimis, and we would expect that we are reverting to our normal course of it being de minimis over the course of the year, no large impact.
Vanessa Wittman: You are correct on both counts. It is more heavily weighted in the first quarter and it will be smaller going forward.
Vanessa Wittman: I wish there was. We report on a lag, and I think it's as much news to us as it is to you. There isn't predictability in that.
Vanessa Wittman: The discrepancy is because of the two-class method, Meyer, and I think probably from a modeling perspective if you follow up with Mike offline that's your best bet.
Daniel Glaser: Well, our new business in the quarter was very strong. But our new business really throughout all of last year was good, on both a new-new and an expanded basis. If I look at this first quarter specifically, the U.S.-Canadian new business was up 14% and Internationals was up 2%, so our total was up 7%. And it was actually $221 million of new business in the quarter. So I feel very good about that. We're certainly winning in the marketplace. And ultimately, when I look at things like our RFP performance over the last few years, or 2½ years to be exact, there's been continual progress. So as I said early in this journey, I believe we are the finest insurance brokerage and risk advisory firm in the world, and now we’re executing on that.
Daniel Glaser: Okay. So let me start by saying that we've been very consistent in our approach. As I've said before, we believe the broader issue relate to all carrier revenue streams and the potential conflicts of interest that they present. All brokers receive carrier compensation in one form or another, and each of these arrangements requires a good system of internal controls to manage complex and, in our opinion, complete transparency to clients. At March, we operate in many different businesses in many different parts of the world, and the compensation norms differ significantly among them. So we recognize that there’s no one-size-fits-all model for compensation. The one thing we are committed to, however, is transparency in putting the interests of our clients first. When we looked specifically at contingent commission, we made a statement a month or so ago which was that we will not accept contingent compensation or contingent commission on any placements anywhere in the world for any U.S. client served by our core U.S. brokerage operation. Now we did that not out of any concern for the propriety of contingent commissions nor any concern about our ability to manage conflicts of interest. Rather, we did it in response to discussions we had with clients, but more particularly because we can be fairly -- our belief that we can be fairly compensated in that segment without contingent compensation. So the short answer, the summary, is we will take contingent commission in certain parts of the world and in certain segments, but in our core U.S. brokerage segment we will not.
Daniel Glaser: Yes. I mean, we’re in a -- what, the seventh year of essentially a softening cycle. And from a rate standpoint in the first quarter, rates were pretty consistently down on a line-by-business basis. But maybe not in certain areas, not quite as deeply down as last year but probably more uniformly. So last year there were some pockets, such as D&O for financial institutions and mining risks, et cetera, which saw rate increases and we've actually seen some of that come off this year. And so there really is only downward pressure across virtually every line of business. But it's not a pell-mell rush to the bottom. And when we look at insurance companies’ results on a profitability basis, it's getting tighter, but still over a long period of time the results aren't bad.
Daniel Glaser: Well, I think the best way to look at it on a macro basis would be that insurance renewals are typically once a year, and the economy is changing every day, right? And so from that standpoint, at a maximum you have a 12-month period before that flows into the actual exposure units in an insurance policy. And certain lines of business have a little bit of a quicker view, something like Marine cargo, et cetera. As an example, in stock throughput policies you'll see month-to-month movements in premiums paid on the actual shipments. And we have begun to see some green shoots. Now what we haven't seen is to say that there has been a dramatic global turnaround and we're seeing a tremendous amount of flow. But having said that, we’re not seeing the declines we've seen before, and we have seen in some areas like marine cargo a bit more volume on shipping and a bit higher values associated with the units being shipped.
Daniel Glaser: I'll take that question to be really in the agency space rather than with regard to Captives or HSBC Insurance Brokers. So in terms of the agency, I’m very satisfied with what our progress has been. I mean, right now with our acquisition which we announced yesterday of the Bostonian group, we would be the ninth-largest agent broker in the United States once you exclude the three global brokers. So I am very positive about that. Our strategy was to start by purchasing high-quality hubs, platform hubs in which to do fold-in and bolt-on acquisitions later down the road. And really, that's where our focus has been. And there’s always competition in the marketplace for these assets but we have not been in any auction environments. In fact, I don't think we would participate in that kind of environment. We’re interested in finding agencies in which we believe they have high-quality management teams, management teams that focus mainly on capabilities and driving value for clients and that fit in with Marsh's overall values and culture. Even though the agencies themselves won't be integrated within Marsh, they'll be integrated with Marsh & McLennan Agency. Marsh as an organization still stands for certain things, and we want to make sure that any acquisition that we make meets that criteria. So in terms of our hub and platform acquisitions, there are other people interested but we have not seen dramatic levels of people. I think it's fair to say that some of the players who had been active acquirers before are more on the sidelines now. In terms of multiples, I'm a buyer. I'd always prefer lower multiples. The multiples, it’s clear, are significantly lower than what existed three or four years ago. But as a buyer, I'd always want a lower multiple if we could. But they are definitely consistent with the strategy that we outline in terms of our five-year plan as to what range of multiple on EBIT we would be willing to pay for hub and platform acquisitions.
Daniel Glaser: Well, one, I think you have to bear in mind that the insurance marketplace is huge. And so any individual loss, other than a catastrophe loss which involves many, many insured, any loss to a single insured has a remote possibility of affecting the entire marketplace. And so I think what you would find is that there may be some upward pressure or concern in the offshore-drilling-rig marketplace. I don't even think that this loss is large enough to extend that concern to the entire energy marketplace. And in terms of size of loss, we don't have precise numbers. But in terms of the insurable amount of this loss, most prognosticators are using a number between $1 billion and $2 billion. And so even if you say it’s the upper end of that or even more than that level, it would not be enough to, in itself, impact either buying behaviors or the overall insurance marketplace.
Brian Duperreault: A deterioration. Well, I would say it’s -- maybe Dan and Peter can comment more than I could. I'm not sure that deterioration but I think it continues to decline.
Brian Duperreault: And I think if you look, exposures get adjusted. So I think then you see last year, when the exposure adjustments -- it was double-barrel, because you had the current business reduced, and then you also had a reduction of the previous year. So when the economic turn takes place, you can see the reverse of that.
Brian Duperreault: Well, we're going to wrap this up. And again, I want to thank you for your interest and we'll talk to you next quarter.
