Daniel Glaser: Okay, so let me approach this in a couple of ways. One, you know that our revenue in the third quarter is the lowest revenue that we have in the year, you know, quarter-by-quarter. And our expense base does not reflect that same seasonality, so our expenses stay pretty stable over the course of the year. So changes in expense have a more material impact on the third quarter than they would in any other quarter. So specifically to your question, my management team and I are very much focused on making sure that expense growth does not exceed revenue growth. I mean, that’s sort of a basic operating principle. So in direct answer to your question, I think you’d have to look at pension expense and the growth that we had in pension expense this quarter. That represented about half of that 3% increase, and so from that standpoint it really masks in this quarter our underlying performance.
Daniel Glaser: Well, the acquisitions overall for the year are not really going to do anything for us on the bottom line. I mean, they’ll be—I think in this quarter we had a 3 or $4 million benefit to earnings as a result of acquisitions, and so it’s overall—if you look at our acquisitions, the largest ones are the aggregate of the agencies, and you’ve got purchase accounting which works its way through, so from a margin standpoint won’t be a help for another two or three years. You know, we don’t have—because of our building with platform hubs, by definition we don’t have synergy with regard to those sort of acquisitions. And then our other large acquisition during the year was HSBC insurance brokers, and really we’ve spent this year getting that business right. And from that standpoint, the synergy value from that will show up next year.
Daniel Glaser: Yeah, I would guess on the overall margins you would say it’s getting a little bit better, but certainly nothing that makes us overly excited. I mean, I did think that we had very broad-based growth this quarter. I mean, if I just put that in context a little bit, we had 31 countries that grew more than 5% organically, and of those countries 19 of them grew more than 15%. So there’s definitely not only some exposure movement but there’s some projects that are being done that had been taken off the table a while back.
Daniel Glaser: Yeah, the pipeline for M&A looks great. I mean, we’ve got—you know, Dave Eslick and his team within the agency are very active. We’re talking to a lot of people, and I’ll just reiterate – we don’t have a budget or a plan in terms of what we have to acquire and when. What we really have is a strategy, and that strategy is a multi-year strategy. And so we’re talking to a lot of people. The first thing is, is there a fit and does the management team have experience in doing fold-ins and bolt-ons and that sort of thing? And then of course the economics have to make sense. But I’m very pleased with where we are on a pipeline basis, and so you’ll be seeing us doing acquisitions over the course of the coming months and years. 
Daniel Glaser: Sure. I mean, I think from our perspective we’ve been pretty consistent and pretty clear. We believe that contingent commissions should be part of a broader discussion around carrier revenue streams, and that all carrier revenue streams have the potential for a conflict of interest and so therefore we’re really focused on the internal systems and controls we have to manage conflicts, and also our transparency and disclosure practices. You know, in terms of contingencies specifically, we have said that we do not intend to take contingent commissions in our core brokerage business in the U.S. and Canada, and actually probably in a few large countries as well. But having said this, it doesn’t mean that we’re not looking to improve our carrier revenue stream. So we’re actively negotiating with carriers on basic commissions levels, on enhanced commissions, on fee for services; and we’ve been successful throughout this year in doing that, and I believe that will continue.
Daniel Glaser: Okay, so a couple of things. As I’ve said in previous quarters, you know, it’s a difficult marketing environment and so it’s hard to actually see any real trend. I mean, I am happy that this is the fourth quarter in a row of sequential improvement in our growth levels, but it is a very challenging market particularly in mature markets. So when I look at the quarter and the year, we’re 1% year-to-date in terms of growth. We’re 3% in the quarter, and so I believe positive territory is sustainable but I wouldn’t necessarily say that any particular number within that range would be sustainable. I think we’d be in that range. The other thing is in terms of the U.S., we do disclose the U.S. Canada division – you know, Canada represents about 10% of the overall division, and that division’s growth in the quarter was 3%. We don’t disclose the U.K. separately from EMEA although I do want to say that the U.K. is the largest country by far in the EMEA division and that that division grew 1% in the quarter.
Michele Burns: Sure. I think first of all, we had the same issues as Dan in terms of a one-time or pension expense difference—different in that if you compare it year-over-year, you get a much different answer than you would on a run rate basis normally. So you have to take that out and think about that a little bit differently. Otherwise, I think the company is perhaps somewhat less leveraged than a brokerage company. That said, we are in the business of producing scale businesses, so whether it’s outsourcing, whether it’s capital management, whether it’s our data business, all these have scale characteristics. So our expectation is that you will see positive leverage in this business as we enter growth, and growth especially looking like the growth that we were able to produce this quarter.
Michele Burns: We really don’t disclose relative margins, or even margins for Mercer individually. I think the way I might think about it is that the margin expansion you might see is particularly relevant in the scale businesses I mentioned in the last question.
Michele Burns: Sure. A couple of deals – the IPA and ORC, one in the outsourcing and the health and benefits arena, and the second in the mobility business. And the revenue characteristics will be helpful for us next year. We did see some revenue come through in this quarter with regard to ORC, but both of those are deals that will provide new capabilities for the firm that will lead to revenue growth both independently as well as in bundles. And in the case of IPA specifically, it will allow us to build out product and solutions that compliment our existing capabilities, so individual revenue from that organization as well as revenue growth, we will see coming because that product and solution just gets better with the IPA technology that we acquired.Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Can you quantify how much revenue they would add annually just from the deal that you—from the existing revenue that they had, just for modeling purposes from our standpoint. 
Michele Burns: Neither deal is significantly large in terms of revenue number. I would be hesitant to go off the top of my head, but I think maybe Mike can follow up with an estimate from what we’ve disclosed. Both of those deals, the way I would look at them from their incremental revenue from them alone will not be a material amount to Mercer overall, but as they are bundled with our other services they will add additional value. So it’s two pieces to that – organic from them alone as well as what we’re able to do with them as a bundle. I think it’s probably best that we come back to you on that one internally.
Brian Duperreault: Well yeah, the point is to make—is to use the cash either through a repurchase or accretive acquisitions, so there is that competing situation. But with respect to share repurchases, certainly it would make sense to eliminate the dilution from the compensation side; and then with respect to the acquisitions, if they’re accretive, I guess I’m under less—I feel under less pressure if it was an accretive deal using stock as probably a good use of the stock, so I wouldn’t feel as compelled there. It’s more balance on future usages as opposed to what we did in the past, if that helps.
Brian Duperreault: I guess I should answer that one, eh? Well, large franchise-changing acquisitions by definition aren’t that common, so you know; but the betting instincts in me would say it’s probably not a great chance. We have a strategy that I think is going to do us a great service over time, and that is each—and it’s not limited to Marsh. I mean, we are out, as Michele pointed, we have a couple of acquisitions at Mercer this quarter that keep the momentum going, add to our capabilities, enhance our franchise, fill us out; and if you go back to my four pillars, that growth – we want it to be sustainable. We want it to be long-term. We want you to be dependent on it. You could—of course, we’ve got to execute. So it’s not necessary for us to make those kinds of acquisitions. And when you look at our portfolio of companies, and I emphasized in the beginning we have four fabulous companies, and so they’re pretty good in their own right. It’s hard to find where we’re really so lacking that we need to make that change. However, having said all that, we are opportunists. If opportunities arise where we could do something that would absolutely be in your best interests and the rest of those who follow us and our shareholders, we’re going to do it; but frankly, you just can’t bet on those kinds of things, but you can, I think, more easily bet on our ability to find good quality companies that add year after year, year after year, to the Company. And that’s the strategy we’re employing.
Brian Duperreault: Well I think if you look at our history, it’s fairly consistent. I don’t think we have any plans to do something out of norm with what we’ve done in the past. I don’t think I can say anything more than that, Jay.
Brian Duperreault: We go through the process starting soon when we evaluate the year. Of course, we have to—it is based on performance so performance isn’t quite finished yet. But we have budgets and plans and expectations, but the actual quantification takes a little more time.
Brian Duperreault: Well, long-term it’s our plan to expand. We’re going to expand that margin kind of the old-fashioned way, right? We’re going to continue organic growth and manage our expenses. We believe we can do that over time. Now 2011, you know, we may have some more headwinds as Dan pointed out. We’ve continued to have headwinds in both economics and in the soft market conditions that we’re facing, the low interest rates, all of those things. Pensions, you know, have been an issue. So it just makes the job a little harder but the expectation is we will find some way to get the margins expanding. I don’t know what 2011’s margin’s going to be, but it’s certainly our plan to continue to maintain the discipline around both playing offense and defense.
Brian Duperreault: Well, Thomas, it’s a nice position to be in when we have the cash. I pointed out we’ve been in—you know, we’ve been putting cash out for other reasons. Now we can actually use it, and I told you what we would do. Once we pay the dividend, we look at the rest of this cash we either have on hand or we’re generating, and we’re looking for accretive acquisitions or share repurchase. So those are the two choices and they remain the two choices, and I’m not going to handicap which one’s going to get most of the money.
Brian Duperreault: Okay, well thank you very much. Thanks for joining us today and for your continued interest in the company. And before I close, I just want to make sure that if you haven’t seen the investor’s day presentation, go to mmc.com. I think you’ll find it very interesting and again, thank you and we’ll talk to you next quarter. Bye.
