Daniel S. Glaser: Yeah. Hi, Ryan. That's true. What we've said in the past is that Oliver Wyman should actually outgrow the aggregate of the other three operating companies over time but with more volatility and that it's more revenue related than earnings related, although it does have an impact on earnings. In good times, we get more earnings; and in rougher times, we don't. It's important to note that Oliver Lyman's five-year CAGR on an underlying basis is 6%. And so it is our strongest grower over the last five years, but there will be periods of volatility. And it's important to isolate – not only for Oliver Wyman, but for Mercer as well. Both Oliver Wyman broadly and Mercer broadly actually are doing very well year-to-date. They have specific issues in businesses, FS in the United States for Oliver Wyman and the DBA business in the U.S. and UK for Mercer. I'm not trying to understate the importance of us dealing with those issues over time, but fundamentally the broad spectrum of what each of our Consulting businesses engage in are doing quite well.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yeah. No, it is absolutely a structural issue. This is not a cyclical issue. Defined benefit pension plans, I doubt anybody on this call has one that's open. So, these are frozen plans that are essentially in a long-term, 25-30, 35-40 year runoff basis. And so these are declining businesses but of high quality which adds value to other businesses. So, clearly, a benefit in our investment business, which, as you saw, grew 12% this quarter, is its linkage with our DBA business. But the only thing on a market competitiveness would be more along the lines of what's the mix of business and maybe the large accounts sector and certain types operates with more stability than the upper-middle market. That is to be determined over time, but the reality of the DB business is that it's on a long-term declining trend.
Daniel S. Glaser: That is correct. I mean, we felt – when the team – we've been having discussions with Wortham for quite a while. We've gotten to know them very well over many years. And, culturally, they align more with Marsh than they do with Marsh & McLennan Agency. They skew a little bit higher. Although they do have some middle-market business, they skew into the upper-middle market in the large accounts space. They're very good in specialty areas like energy. They work on some big accounts. It's more of a team dynamic organizational relationships, that sort of thing. And so, we felt it was a better cultural fit. And, as you know from our acquisitions in the past, cultural fit and culture and that kind of chemistry between teams is one of the areas that we really look at and highlight and focus on. And we just felt they were a better fit for Marsh than MMA.
Daniel S. Glaser: I mean, it's a fair question overall in terms of when you look at the expense base of the company because clearly Consulting – we, for many years, have been able to, in most quarters, grow revenue at a faster pace than expenses. That is a philosophy of our company. Clearly, it won't happen in every quarter, and obviously in this quarter, Consulting is upside down. It's tough when you have 1% growth overall not to be upside down, right, and 1% is kind of an anomaly for us in Consulting. But we look at our expenses very carefully. I mean, one of the things to consider what I think is a bright spot within the company is the notion that in a people business, comp and benefits is always our biggest driver of costs. It's always the largest portion of cost of goods sold. And so, if we look at our comp and benefits ratio as a percentage of revenue, they're basically flat across the company, which means we're doing a good job managing our comp and ben regardless of the revenue over the course of the last few quarters. And so that to me is a positive. If you look at Consulting's operating expenses, there's a lot going on, so let me unpack it a little bit because obviously you'll see some growth in their operating expenses. Both M&A and FX are fasters and both contributed to an uptick in expenses in the quarter. Another big driver was sub-adviser fees in our investment business. I mean one of the things you have to recognize is our AUDM is up more than 25% year-to-date. And so the fees we pay sub-advisers which run through our operating expenses are up materially or meaningfully. Legal fees are also up due to work that we're doing on our M&A pipeline, also some of the CMA stuff that we've done. So, my view is the challenge for Consulting in the quarter was more about revenue than about expenses. We have proven over time that we know how to run a business on the expense side and we will continue to do so.
Daniel S. Glaser: Sure. Sure. So, I'll take that a little bit, and then I'll hand off for Julio for more color. I'll say a few things. First, on the margin point, DBA is a large established business with high margins, right? So, some of the growth industries that Mercer has invested in, over time, we anticipate will have similar margins at some point in the future, but they do not do so at this moment in time. The other thing I want to say about DBA and defined benefit in general is if you look broadly the topic of retirement security is fundamental. The best retirement security products have not even been invented yet. So, it's not – completely think that this is just a downward trend forever, that there won't be other things that get developed to help solve the challenge that's a major issue globally for an aging population. And so there will be other types of approaches, and Mercer will be very involved in those kind of other approaches. But, Julio, why don't you talk a little bit about how new business is created, and the types of things that happen, and therefore sometimes if you have more project work, maybe the overall revenue suffers a year or two later, but...
Daniel S. Glaser: Sure. So, a few things. I think the point that I've made before is that our long-term adjusted EPS growth over time will be more determined by the top line than margin expansion in the future. I mean, when you look back, you go back a decade ago or so, it was about margins, right? And we had to improve our margins and we did that as a firm and a lot of our adjusted EPS growth was driven off of margin. This has been the aftermath of a financial crisis. And so it has been a long, slow growth GDP environment globally. A little bit better now, but it's certainly not buoyant. And as we've said before, GDP is one of the determinants because it's a big determinant of exposure units. GDP, payrolls, et cetera. So, it's a bit better in the U.S., but the rest of the world, as an example, is not materially better than it was over the last couple of years. And so when I think about adjusted EPS growth over time, yeah, I think around a number like 3%. You're not going to be driving for mid-teens types of adjusted EPS growth. In fact, it would be counterproductive in your business to do so. And so that's essentially trying to deliver strong results whatever those turn out to be. And as we start growing 4%, 5%, 6%, that's when we can start pushing into the 12%, 13%, 14% type of adjusted EPS growth. And these are all the long stretches of time, not any one quarter, not any one year, but that's our view. I certainly believe that the company's capability of growing is better than 3% and we've been sort of in this 3% or 4% range for a while. Now, we need some other things in the world to cooperate, but ultimately we have been shifting our mix of business. We have been favoring acquisitions that are growing faster than we are. We are looking at all kinds of opportunities, for example, in RIS in the mid corporate and the small commercial place. So we have a multitude of different approaches to drive better revenue growth. And with better revenue growth, we'll have better adjusted EPS growth.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yeah. I think you need to really focus on defined benefit in terms of what it actually is. At the end, defined benefit is with regard to pension plans. And if you look back into history, the further you go back in history, the more that there would be new formation of DB plans, active DB plans. That has – as you know, we've become a defined contribution world. There is not many new DB plans available. There's other activity in that area. I mean, if you look at the development within Mercer of the investment business, the investment business is far stronger than it was five years ago and certainly 10 years ago, but it has gone from strength to strength. One of the values or feeders of assets into our investment business comes out of our defined benefit engagements. But you can't think of this business in a way that says, okay, that this is going to be a growth trajectory on defined benefit consulting. That's just not a reality. And that we've been talking about that essentially for more than a decade frankly. And so this is a long – I mean, people are living longer, healthier lives than any time in human history. And so many DB plans that thought they were going to run off over 30 years may run off over 50 years. So, this is going to be a big business for us for a long period of time, but it's not necessarily going to be a growth business. When growth happens, it's based upon project work as Julio was saying before. So, I think we've dealt with DB enough. And you guys can go through a bit of research about defined benefit plans. As I was mentioning before, we are actually quite pleased with Mercer's overall performance. And even with DB underperformance or growth issues they're 3% year-to-date within Mercer. And in terms of how we feel about the next couple of quarters, we don't expect the Consulting division to be a 1% grower from here on out. We expect that it will go better than that.
Daniel S. Glaser: Sure. We could probably spend an hour on that one. So, I'll try, in our next call, to address it a little bit more, but just very quickly. Yes, absolutely. We're very engaged with insurtech activity. We want to improve our peripheral vision. We are working in all kinds of different ways in order to do that. Yes, we periodically see something that we want to either have a partnership with or even make a small investment into. The insurance industry remains inefficient in some parts of the value chain and whether you're looking at policy issuance, claims process, et cetera. And so, there's a lot of interesting things going on in the insurtech space that may bring value to our clients. And so, yeah, we are absolutely engaged in that.
Daniel S. Glaser: Okay. Thank you very much. And let me just finish by saying I feel really good about the business and where we are. We are on track to deliver another strong year of financial performance. We've grown 4% underlying year-to-date. Our adjusted EPS is up 11% year-to-date, and so we've got a lot to play for in the second half. I'd like to thank all of you for joining us on the call this morning. And I'd like to thank our clients for their support and our colleagues for their hard work and dedication in serving them. Have a good day.
John Q. Doyle: Sure, Dan. So, Kai, we continue to execute on our effort to simplify our structure. Dan mentioned earlier we'll have fewer layers or leaders will have increased spans of control. That's part of the effort. We're going to have greater consistency in how we're organized around the world. There will be increased focus on the three client segments we serves: our large risk management clients, the middle market or corporate accounts as we call it and the small commercial and consumer segment. We expect to be simpler, more agile, and we're pushing decision-making authority closer to the client. And as Dan said, the effort is also about enabling us to accelerate some investments in support of our strategy. The areas of investment are our digital capabilities, data and analytics, strengthening our middle market or corporate accounts value proposition. We're going to be adding some talent in key growth areas. And we also expect to continue to invest in our MGA operation.
John Q. Doyle: Sure, Dan. So, Elyse, we were pleased with the quarter, as Dan mentioned. The growth in the U.S. and Canada was pretty strong across the board. Marsh in the U.S. had double-digit new business growth. Cyber, transaction risk, construction activity, all contributed favorably to that. Our West Coast operation had a particularly strong quarter as well. In Canada, we had an excellent quarter of growth. MMA, we had pretty consistent growth really around the country. We had a particularly strong growth quarter in benefits at MMA. So, that contributed favorably to the overall results. Contingence at MMA are not a – it's not a huge part or huge driver of our overall activity. We saw a little bit of an increase in contingent revenue in second quarter. And then the other part that I would say in the U.S. that contributed nicely to the result was our MGA operations. Dan mentioned that we organized and rebranded our MGA operations under the new name of Victor led by Chris Schaper with a particularly strong quarter in the U.S. as well. So, overall, it was a good quarter. On the international side, the results were improved over the first quarter and over the second quarter a year ago but still were more mixed. Real strong growth in Asia. Latin American and Pacific had solid quarters. We had good growth in Continental Europe and in Africa. But the UK and the Middle East remain some pressure points. Last quarter, I mentioned we have new leadership in both the Middle East and in the UK and I'm excited about – it's obviously early days but I'm excited about some of the changes they're making to improve the results. But we'll still see some pressure in the UK, particularly over the course of the rest of the year. So, it was a good quarter. As Mark mentioned, through six months, our underlying growth was 3%. Cautiously optimistic about the second half, particularly in the U.S, but again we'll see some headwinds from the UK in the second half as well. And I think MMA annualized run rate right now is around $1.3 billion.
John Q. Doyle: Sure. I mean, we see opportunities to develop product and distribution capabilities in small commercial segments of even mature economies as you pointed out, Dan, here in the United States. So, our acquisition of ICAT last summer was an important part of really trying to drive more nat cat type coverages into the small business environment. Torrent, of course, is another example of a business that we have that's got a great flood expertise and now administering the NFIP program as well. You talked about Victor, as well Dan earlier. Victor is largely phased off as is Dovetail with the small commercial market, and we see smaller businesses maybe bought packages around the world but now are facing cyber risks, for example, renewal risks. And so, that's an important and growing part of our business. So, it's often been talked about in emerging economies and emerging governments. But as you say even within more mature markets around the world, we see an opportunity to expand product density into some of these customer segments.
John Q. Doyle: No. So, much of the effort as we began to execute on and separate some talent came very late in the quarter.
