Dan Glaser: No, it’s a good question Kai, and obviously a lot of our focus in the company is driving organic growth. In addition to overall revenue growth, we were quite pleased with the 7% growth for the overall company this year and obviously 4% underlying is an improvement of the last couple of years. I will remind you in 2015 we were 4% and in 2014 we were 5% as an overall company. So, there’s no overall boundary in terms of what kind of performance that we can get. Obviously, RIS was strong this year, Consulting was a bit choppier. But when we look forward, we think generally the trend for the last 9 years or 10 years we’ve been bounded in that 3% to 5% organic growth area. So, unless we actually perform above 5% for a period of time, we're probably going to stay and say that 3% to 5% is the most likely outcome and we’re more likely at this stage to be above that and below that, but 3 to 5 is probably where we are in 2019.
Dan Glaser: We would hope so. I mean, at the end, our view is that our margins this year in – we were quite satisfied with RIS, obviously consulting has been a bit choppier the last couple of years, last year or in 2017 rather was 10 bips of improvement in Consulting and this year actually being negative that’s not our regular way of operating, so we would expect that to turn around and result in better margin performance, but I would remind everybody that in this company we focus more on revenue growth and earnings growth than our margin expansions. I mean margins will expand as a natural way of us running the business where we almost always grow revenues at a faster pace than we grow expenses, but when we're sitting around the conference table, we're not talking about margin expansion. We are talking about revenue growth and net operating income growth as that is what the focus of the company is.
Dan Glaser: So, overall when I think about the company, we have delivered despite a great deal of skepticism over many years, a 13% CAGR since 2009 on adjusted EPS growth with not much of a gap between our GAAP results and our reported adjusted results. So, this is real delivery. And obviously the focus on that is revenue growth and net operating income growth. With a bit of capital management, which has been relatively slight within Marsh & McLennan and the end result of that has been double-digit performance, but that – our level of double-digit performance in our view because our costs are largely controllable and visible, as long as we grow well on an underlying basis, we believe we will have strong performance on adjusted EPS. Now, obviously over the next couple of years, we have the integration of JLT. So, it’s going to be a little messier and there will be more of a gap between our reported results and our GAAP results and that’s one of the reasons as Mark was saying, they were going to show you what’s happening with cash flow as a way to really understand the value being created in the business over time.
Dan Glaser: I don't know where you got that because it’s not accurate. The reality is, we have never had guidance around adjusted EPS growth. Our guidance that came out of our last Investor Day was that we will grow our dividend double-digit each year and we would reduce our share count each year and we also said that our view was over long stretches of time, not particularly every year, and not particularly every quarter that we will deliver a long-term CAGR around 13% in our view. Now, we have had ups and downs to that, obviously we’ve had stronger adjusted EPS performance in the early stages when we're having dramatic margin expansion, you know 8 and 7 years ago, but we have still had double-digit adjusted EPS growth and last year was particularly strong for a variety of different reasons. And so, our view remains that over a long stretch of time, we believe that adjusted EPS growth of around 13% is achievable. Now, it requires having better growth than 3% underlying. Now whether that, I mean obviously it becomes easier at 5 and 6 than it is at 4, but we absolutely believe that there is strong opportunity in the company to continue to deliver very good adjusted EPS growth. And I mean, it’s just – just to take a moment and talk a little bit about the component parts because obviously revenue growth, margin expansion, capital management delivers adjusted EPS growth. And when your margins are low, then you can have pretty dramatic margin expansion, which makes double-digit adjusted EPS growth more of a layout. Now that we have very strong margins, it becomes more difficult and it means that the top line becomes more important. So, if I look back 6, 7, 8 years ago it was a margin expansion story. Now, it becomes a topline achievement required in order to deliver the adjusted EPS growth that we’ve delivered in the past.
Dan Glaser: We like a lot of others have watched whether wage inflation appears. You will see in our disclosures that our compensation line from a fixed basis, our comp and ben line, is mildly lower as a percentage of revenue than it was last year. And so, it certainly is not manifesting. One of the benefits that we have is that our bonus arrangements are driven off of earnings, and so I’m pleased to say that 2018 will be the tenth consecutive year of the overall Marsh & McLennan Companies’ bonus pool has increased. And so that gives us some flexibility to manage fixed cost because of the increases in our variable compensation.
Dan Glaser: I mean, obviously expansions and recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, and it’s interesting how basically the watch has begun for when will the next recession occur. We don't have a view about that. What we would say you, you know in the worst financial crisis in generations, RIS was down 1% in 2009, consulting was down around 6%, and then bounced back strongly the following year in 2010. I would say from an overall standpoint; our recurring revenue businesses are more resilient and more insulated from immediate economic impacts, and so you’d have to have deep and long recession to have a significant impact. Oliver Wyman tends to be a little bit of our canary in the coal mine because usually in recessions companies start reducing discretionary expenses or projects related to the future because they humper down to deal with the present. And right now, as you heard from Scott, we’re not seeing it. That doesn't mean that there won't be some sort of recession sometime in either the 2020, 2021, 2022, I was saying that on when I was interviewed in Davos. But ultimately, the impact on our business relative to other companies in the S&P 500 is far milder because of the level of requirement around many of our businesses and the advice that we give.
Dan Glaser: As we mentioned before as well, just adding to John's comments. We have good acquisition pipeline within the agency and despite the significant commitment with regard to JLT, we have provided for continuing funding for acquisitions within Marsh & McLennan Agency.
Dan Glaser: So, there will be some tailwind as Julio said on the bottom line and on margins within consulting as a result, but it won't all drop.
Dan Glaser: Well, the way I look at it is, all four of our businesses are run well. And have done things over a number your years to position us well for long-term growth and for improving profitability. Obviously, we exist in the world so matter of factors impact us just like they do to everybody else, but where there is growth in the world, I believe Marsh & McLennan will be on the ground with growth strategies and good execution to capture that growth. So, I don't think there has been a time in our history as a company where we are better positioned either strategically, financially, or operationally and so we're looking forward, not just to 2019, but to the years beyond that as well.
Dan Glaser: Thank you, operator. And thanks to everybody for joining us on the call this morning. I want to convey my appreciation to our clients for their support and give a special shout-out to all of our [65,000 colleagues] for continuing to deliver outstanding results for our clients and for our shareholders. We have two core priorities right now at Marsh & McLennan. First, execute on our plan; and second, set up a great integration with JLT. And I am delighted with the progress that we are making on both fronts. So, thank you all very much. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Mark McGivney: Yes. I said in my script, the outlook for this year, 2019, is between 25% and 26%, excluding discrete items and also without regard to any impact from JLT.
Mark McGivney: Overall, as I said, FX was a modest headwind in the quarter, but it was modest. And so, the level of significance to margins in earnings by segment was relatively insignificant, which is why we didn’t call it out.
Mark McGivney: Actually, if you look down the column in 2018 there is relative stability in a lot of the balance sheet items that could swing around. So, it was pretty straightforward and pretty strong and as simple as strong operating earnings growth and the 200 or so million dollars reduction in pension contribution. Those were the big drivers. If you look back to 2017, there was a lot geography noise with some of the accounting around tax reform. The 2018 was pretty clean and as Dan said, JLT is going to involve some noise over the next two or three years, but excluding that, our outlook would be that it's for a strong earnings growth and we would expect strong cash flow growth as well.
John Doyle: Sure. Thanks for putting me to work, Elyse. So, MMA had a terrific year again. They continue to execute well, strong underlying growth performing quite well, what I’m particularly encouraged about, you know that Dave and his team are operating a better together campaign. So, they're working and leaning on each other within the agency, better than they ever have and leaning in to Marsh as well, grabbing resource when it can, helping Marsh in other parts of the world develop its middle-market value proposition and its sales strategies in other parts of the world. You know what I would say their year in 2018 was, it was very consistent between P&C and benefits and really by region. So, there's a lot to feel good about, and I would remind you, as big as the business has become, we have a relatively modest market share as well. So, if we see plenty of opportunity for growth in the future.
John Doyle: I could make one other comment too Dan because I think Elyse asked about the comparisons to the rest of the U.S. business. Marsh U.S. had a very strong year, this year as well. So, certainly, ordinarily MMA's organic growth has outpaced Marsh U.S., but Marsh U.S. had a terrific year, this year.
John Doyle: Sure. What I would say is, on the international side, we had consistent strong performance in Latin America, Asia, Continental Europe, so really broadly speaking had terrific results internationally. As I pointed out on prior calls, during the course of 2018, we’re facing some headwinds in the Middle East and also in the UK, both rebounded a bit in the fourth quarter, a bit stronger performance in the Middle East and in Africa in the fourth quarter and we made some leadership changes there as we talked about in the past. Terrific team, making a difference and I expect good solid growth in the Middle East during 2019. The UK leadership changes have also taken hold and I’m seeing some good positive signs. Having said that, there are obviously some macro headwinds in the UK. So, I don't expect the UK to be leading the overall growth in Marsh in 2019, but I do on the other hand and think we're performing much better than we did about a year ago.
John Doyle: Okay. I’ll give you some data rather than optimism or pessimism maybe. Pricing was up nearly 2% in the fourth quarter, versus 1.4% in the third quarter. The U.S. and UK, which as you know is a big part of our business overall. Pricing was slightly up on average. Australia remains the outlier market, where prices are relatively firm on average, 10-plus percent increases across most product lines. Most other countries, pricing is right around the 1% on the increase range. Product view of casualty was down slightly, primarily due to work comp in the U.S., and I would say most other casualty lines are up couple of points on average, but work comp brings that average down. Property prices didn’t move much in the fourth quarter, compared to earlier in 2018. They were up about 3.5% in the quarter. In financial lines, D&O pricing, the E&O pricing, prices were up over 4%, which was about 100 basis point increase from what we saw in the third quarter. I would say, before I ask maybe Peter to jump in here, the market was a bit choppier at the end of the year, there’s no questions. So, I think the range of outcomes was a bit wider than what we had seen earlier in the year, although the average didn’t more all that much, and capital levels do remain strong. So, I certainly wouldn't project. I would anticipate continued – relatively stable market on average.
John Doyle: Sure. Jay, I talked about MMA before, so maybe I'll just focus on Marsh U.S. They had a terrific quarter, as I said, very strong new business in the year. Retention also picked up during the course of the year, which is a year-on-year phenomenon so that certainly helps with the roll over into what we saw on 2018. We had good specialties performance across the board, maybe to highlight a few areas that had particularly strong growth. Our private equity group, which advices portfolio companies and PE firms had terrific growth in the year. Transaction risk, given the M&A market, an increasing penetration into adding insurance as a means to help get deals closed at very strong growth. Cyber, of course, continues to grow and now is becoming a meaningful part of our portfolio. Marsh Risk Consulting also had a very strong year in the U.S. and rest of world by the way, but had terrific growth advising clients on how to really bend their risk curve over time. Our underwriting operations, Victor, Torrent and ICAT, also had terrific years this year. So, all of that contributed to a really – really since we've been reporting this way, the best year on record for Marsh in the U.S. You mentioned Canada briefly. And Chris Lay, who had moved into Canada a couple of years ago and now is leading our UK operations really set the stage nicely and Sarah Robson stepped in early in 2018 to take over that operation. They had their best quarter and best year of growth in a long-long time in Canada. There's obviously a mature market there. So, some of the products in Canada that grew are the same that saw good outcomes in the United States, but yes it was a really strong performance across really most businesses in the United States.
