J. Michael Bischoff: Well, thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. It's nice to report another strong quarter. Revenue in the quarter was $3.1 billion, an increase of 3% on an underlying basis. Adjusted operating income rose 13% to $591 million and the consolidated margin increased 190 basis points to 19.2%. GAAP EPS rose 17% to $0.69, and adjusted EPS grew 18% to $0.72. And this is on top of a strong second quarter last year, when adjusted EPS rose 22%. For the first 6 months of this year, revenue was $6.2 billion, an increase of 2% on an underlying basis. Adjusted operating income rose 14% to $1.2 billion, and the consolidated margin increased 200 basis points to 19.4%. GAAP EPS for the first half of the year rose 18% to $1.44, and adjusted EPS grew 17% to $1.45. Investment income in the second quarter was $23 million compared with $4 million a year ago. As I discussed on last quarter's call, we retained carried interest in Trident III, a private equity fund MMC created in 2003. In 2006, we contributed our limited partner interest at $200 million to our U.K. pension plan but retained our share of the general partner interest. Recognition of carried interest is deferred until it is no longer subject to clawback. This quarter is the first time the carried interest from Trident III has been recognized, totaling $21 million, which added $0.02 to EPS. In the third quarter, we anticipate $5 million in investment income, primarily related to Trident III. Interest expense in the quarter decreased from $45 million last year to $40 million in this quarter. Our next debt maturity of $320 million is in July of next year. Both S&P and Moody's recently upgraded their outlook on MMC, reflecting our strengthening financial position. Corporate expense declined to $46 million in the quarter from $45 million last year on an adjusted basis. In May, the board authorized a $1 billion share repurchase program and increased the quarterly dividend by 9%, from $0.23 to $0.25 per share, effective in the third quarter. Our cash utilization in the second quarter included $150 million to repurchase 3.7 million shares of stock, $128 million for dividends and $100 million for acquisitions. In the first half of this year, we have bought back 6.4 million shares for $250 million. We remain committed to meaningful share repurchase. With that, I am happy to turn it back to Dan.
J. Michael Bischoff: Yes, thank you, Dan. And Greg, you're absolutely spot on looking at us historically. Not only have we been reinvesting in our business, but we've really been paying down our debt and, essentially, deleveraging our balance sheet. In addition to that, we had pension obligations that we've put quite a bit of our cash flow into pension obligations. So that's historic. If you look going forward, we do not plan to delever our balance sheet actively. We think the natural earnings that you're seeing, not just this quarter but the past few years, will naturally deleverage our balance sheet. So we don't have to do any more debt pay-down, and we feel that the bulk of our contributions to our global pension plans are behind us. So, as Dan said, we look at the deployment of our capital on a balanced fashion going forward, and we feel very good about it.
J. Michael Bischoff: Yes, Dan, you're absolutely right. Not only in this quarter but in almost every quarter over the last 6 quarters, foreign exchange has worked against us from the standpoint of profitability because of the strengthening of the dollar against most of our -- not all, but most of our major currencies, but it's been something that we've been able to absorb in every quarter, including this one.
J. Michael Bischoff: Thank you. That's a very good question. And as you know, for a number of years, we've had essentially performance-based awards tied to the overall growth of the operating income. And so there we, every period, look and see whether there should be some additional accruals in that. So it's hard to basically give you a calibration of the run rate because it's tied to our performance. One of the things that I would say, though, is for our goal, over not just this year but many years, is to try to offset the potential dilution of any and all awards, including stock options, and that's one of the reasons why we've been doing meaningful share repurchase. In fact, over the last 5 quarters, I think we did about $480 million, so approaching almost $0.5 billion in share repurchase. But to your specific question, it's really hard to tell because it varies quarter-to-quarter.
J. Michael Bischoff: Yes, I think it's well said, Dan. Starting from this premise that you look at your entire capital structure and, Brian, you also look at your cash on hand, and you look at where it is and how you can deploy that. And so before we're thinking of going to the capital markets, we want to make sure that we're effectively using our capital. And I know you follow us closely so that you're aware that over the last year we were very effective in not only utilizing our international cash but bringing it back into the U.S. And so we could do, along the lines of what you're saying, repurchase our stock. We did 100 million in the first -- $100 million in the first quarter of this year, the first time in many, many years that we repurchased in the first quarter. So that was really utilizing our own cash on a global basis. The second thing then we look at, and as Dan and I have talked about on this call, is that we take a balanced approach. We want to put our capital deployment to dividends, acquisitions and share repurchase. So really, reinvesting back into the business, either direct capital investments or acquisitions, is a primary goal, but conversely, returning capital to the shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchase is very important, so it's a blend. And then the last thing, as Dan said, we have a journey to elite. And when we've looked at companies around the world that are generally viewed as elite companies, their credit metrics typically have an A in it. So it's important to us. The last thing that would do is it gives us a cushion with regard to any future negative consequences that we may see in the macro environment or, as Dan said, opportunities that we may see going forward. So we think that the balanced approach is really a good guideline for analysts and investors.
J. Michael Bischoff: Yes, the one thing, Mike, that we've learned many, many years is because the remeasurement of our pension obligations occurs at the end of the year. And where interest rates are at the end of the year, even though things look favorable today, we have to wait till the end of the year. But that said, let me give you a little bit more color with regard to the pension obligations that we've been dealing with. Over the last 2 years, our committed funding levels in 2012 and 2013 were in the neighborhood of $320 million. In 2012, on top of that $320 million, we put $100 million of discretionary contribution into our U.K. plan. It was using our excess capital. We were able to do it on a tax-efficient basis. And obviously, it helped the funding ratios in the U.K. As we went into this year, on top of roughly the $320 million of obligations that we had, we thought that it was very prudent to basically do prefunding in the U.K. of about $250 million, once again, tax-efficient basis, utilizing our international cash, and about $70 million into our Canadian plans. As a result of that, we're anticipating that total funding for this year will be in the neighborhood of $650 million. So having said that the U.K. funding, that the $250 million included prefunding, it was prefunding of some of our obligations in the U.K. that would affect 2014, '15 and, perhaps, '16. And so we think that, based upon all of that, there will be a market decrease with regard to the levels or our pension obligations and the funding going forward in '14, '15 and, most likely, beyond.
J. Michael Bischoff: Jay, that's a very good question. And as you know, on investment income, we really try to help analysts look to what the next quarter may be. And that's why we gave you an indication of about $5 million, including Trident III, because we know it's very difficult, certainly, when Trident II was liquidating over a 3- or 4-year period. So the question that you have specifically gets to Trident III, and as we said, this is the first quarter that we've actually booked carried interest because it's really the first time period that Trident III has started to liquidate its position. But I think its portfolio, which I have not tracked as closely as Trident II, but I think the portfolio is well over $1 billion. And so as Trident III gets liquidated, which could occur over 3 or 4 years, we do not control it, we do not manage it, and so we'll just have to see how it comes through. Now there's an additional hurdle with regard to the carried interest because the way that we book it for accounting, it has to be to a point where there is no clawback capability, which means that if the rest of the portfolio went to 0, we would still be entitled to what we booked through our income. So sorry I can't give you more specifics other than it could go a number of years as we work our way through it. But it's a nice story, and it will be additional cash to us and additional earnings. But obviously, it's investment income, it's not operating, and that's why we try to isolate it.
J. Michael Bischoff: Yes, Tom, I would just say it's also a mechanism that we use to bridge the future -- perhaps, the differences between the future outlooks of the sellers and ourselves, and whereas sellers may be absolutely more optimistic and rosy about the outlook, and we're more conservative. And so instead of giving the consideration upfront, we basically have an agreement to say that if the optimism manifests itself, we'll all be happy. So essentially, the way we would view it, we paid a little bit more for an acquisition, but the results were much better than we thought. Conversely, it's a protection for our shareholders if the results, as Dan said, don't perform based upon the expectations of the seller. The nice thing is, I think, over the last 5 years, where we've done about, what, $1.5 billion, $1.7 billion of acquisitions value in total, the actual contingent consideration has been very modest.
J. Michael Bischoff: Tom, you're absolutely right. I mean, that account changes every quarter. We have additions, we have payments made out, we have revaluation impact. At the end of the quarter, it was in the neighborhood of $80 million. But it will be continuous with regard to how we do the structure of the deal. As a result of that, we view it just as purchase or acquisition accounting, which is why we do not include it in our adjusted earnings and why we exclude it.
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Dan. Mentioning pricing, let me talk about overall margin, and specifically, I'll highlight the U.S. Overall, we saw a bit of slowdown when we compare the prior quarter in 2012, about 40 basis points. U.S. was the only major region that we saw increases in pricing, albeit modest. So when I compare year-over-year, the casualty lines, more of our clients saw rate increases than the prior year, but the average was a little bit less. And the one segment that did not see as much in terms of price increasing was the property. So I feel that it's a very stable environment. There's a couple of peaks that are being, as I said, mentioned in public D&O, workers' compensation, some excess umbrella, but generally speaking, it's modest increases for us in terms of pricing.
Peter Zaffino: Sure. Thanks, Dan. We're very excited. We did our first cat bond for one of our clients. As Dan mentioned the MTA, so it's a $200 million cat bond, and it's a real strong example of when we can bring the power of MMC together by using 2 operating companies to deliver a solution for our clients. We're actually starting to develop a pipeline. It tends to be very industry-specific. Don't think it'll replace any traditional capital that's being deployed for our clients, but it's very complementary and one that we expect to see more demand over time.
Peter Zaffino: Yes, so as Dan said, sometimes we're a trailing indicator. I wouldn't read into our quarter in terms of underlying growth in EMEA as one that would look similar in the future, meaning that we had really challenging comparables in the prior years. We had very strong growth in both the U.K. and Continental Europe. We have a really strong pipeline of new business. We had good new business growth in the quarter. There's some modest economic headwinds that are combined with pricing, so we see a little bit of headwind in the exposure in pricing but nothing that I would be concerned about trending forward. And there's always timing in the quarter. So overall, we're cautiously optimistic and expect to see continued organic growth.
Alexander S. Moczarski: Yes, so we were pleased with the growth in the U.S. Clearly, there's no tailwinds coming from rates, so it's really about just doing things better. It's about higher retentions. We've had good new -- solid new business. Our blend of broking, analytics and strategic advisory is working well. So, no help from the rates but just doing things better, concentrating on what we need to do to keep our clients. And essentially, that's it.
Alexander S. Moczarski: Yes, actually, we have seen the -- if your -- if the cost of your own capital is more expensive than the contingent capital out there, companies are buying more reinsurance. So it really depends on the company. There are companies, obviously, that have strong balance sheets, and their relative cost of capital for their different tranches makes it -- makes more sense to retain more. And there are others that are taking advantage of the cheap capacity that's available.
Alexander S. Moczarski: We are -- to date, no. But we're obviously looking at it. And what's great for us is that we can provide advice to our clients because now there's so many alternatives that they face, and we look at their programs in a holistic manner. So actually, we're quite excited about what's going on.
Alexander S. Moczarski: So we reckon there's about $45 billion of convergent capital in the market. Not all of it is being deployed or can't find a place to be deployed. But clearly, there was an effect on the Florida renewals. It's essentially, as you know, focused on cat. Yes, I -- the question is -- some of it is pension money, some of it is private equity money. The pension money tends to stay for a long time, so we'll see what the effect will be on that. But we've had good activity on the cat bond side. I think there's been about $4.2 billion issued, more or less, and we've been involved in about $2.2 billion. So we're geared for that activity as well.
Alexander S. Moczarski: So, reinsurance isn't -- whether reinsurance, is that correlated with economic conditions? If you've seen over the last 3 years, we've grown at a nice lick there, so it's more really about capacity and about losses. So we continue to look for growth.
Alexander S. Moczarski: I think traditional growth would be about 98% of what we -- of the reason. The fact is that Carpenter has been investing well. We are -- I think we're the employer of choice. Good people have been joining us. Our accounts, our large accounts are pristine prestige accounts, and they've been growing too, and we've been growing with them. We have a good blend of broking and strategic advisory and analytics. And it's really about value. And it's also about making sure that you see a client on a regular basis, you do all the blocking and tackling and retention is high and new business is good.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yes, so in summary, I would say you look at the U.S., and on the reinsurance side, there'd be more downward pressure on rates, so more softening activity on reinsurance. On the retail side, it's more flattish, but relative to the rest of the world, a bit better than the rest of the world in the U.S. We've been at this game a long time, and in years past, when you see softening in reinsurance, unless you have loss activity, it's pretty hard to prevent that from shifting into primary 6 months, 12 months, 18 months down the road.
Daniel S. Glaser: And, Brian, just the way we look at it on an overall management team basis, Oliver Wyman, in many quarters and in many years actually, ends up outgrowing all the other OpCos. This year is obviously a tough year. And so from that standpoint, it's not going to be a big provider of revenue growth for us, so the direction of John and his team are to protect earnings. And they've been doing a really good job of making sure that the revenue shortfalls is not really an earnings event for us.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yes, and just to add a little bit of overall flavor, Mike, in sort of tying together the comment that I had made earlier, I think in response to Brian's question about whether we should lever up and buy back shares, and my comment that we're a conservative company and that we would always look at making sure that we have enough powder dry for acquisitions if opportunities presented themselves. The way we look at the world is we're pretty much in an age of uncertainty. And I don't think anybody with their hand on heart can really give you a clear prognosis about macro conditions in Europe, what could conceivably happen in China, what could conceivably happen in the Middle East. I mean, there's a lot of flux. And being a conservative company and having the capability to be able to act quickly if certain opportunities presented themselves. So the way we look at it is if the world recovers, we're in great shape. If the world doesn't and actually turns downward, we're in good shape too. So that's our view on that.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yes, no, Tom, it's a great question. So let me just take it first by saying our goal is to achieve double-digit earnings growth in most years over the long term. And we fully understand in order to achieve a goal like that, we need to continuously improve performance and continuously invest in our business, our technologies, our -- and our colleagues. And so I want to assure you that even though you're seeing flat expenses now, we are spending money. We're spending money on colleagues, we're spending money on investing for future growth, and we are harvesting operational improvements that we have developed over the last several years and that we are continuing to develop. So I would say that a lot's going on under the hood, and that the fact is we're benefiting on some roll-forward of prior actions and efficiency gains, but we don't -- the cupboard's not bare. We're still achieving additional efficiency gains, so we definitely feel that we'll be able to manage expenses. Whether we manage them at a flat or we manage them at low single digits, we'll still be containing our expenses for the foreseeable future.
Daniel S. Glaser: Okay, perfect. Thank you, Jamie. I want to thank all of you for joining us on the call this morning. I mean, this call is naturally oriented toward shareholders, but I also want to take this opportunity to express my appreciation to our 54,000 colleagues for their hard work and dedication in delivering such fine results and to our tens of thousands of clients for their belief in Marsh & McLennan Companies. So thank you very much.
Julio A. Portalatin: Thank you, Dan -- both Dans. I appreciate it. I want to put some light on what we consider to be a pretty good milestone for us in the quarter as it relates to Mercer Marketplace. You saw the press release came out announcing that we had 5 companies -- employers now already signed up to Mercer Marketplace. Since then, we've signed an additional 9 employers, and there are a significant amount of potential opportunities for both 2014 and 2015 still pending. Those 9 employers represent about 35,000 lives. And why we think it's such a milestone is because it really validates several key things about Mercer Marketplace. One is that it's very attractive to a lot of additional across-the-board industries and employers from as little as a couple of hundred employees to several thousand. And that's been something that we've seen as a distinction based on our offer, and it's beginning to hold true. While we've always been kind of cautious about what 2014 was going to give us, and we still are, we certainly are seeing a lot of activity. So it demonstrates that we have a very viable option for our clients. In addition to that, we continue to see activity, we continue to see more interest, and we'll see how that builds for '14 and '15. As far as revenue is concerned, as we have stated in the past, there'll be no material revenue recognized in 2013. This is for enrollment for those that are effective on January 1, 2014, and beyond. And then, of course, through '15, we'll see how that develops. And thus, the earnings will be the same, will be no significant impact on earnings in 2013. Now in the early years, as you can think about this, we, of course, will continue to invest. And I believe we'll see that, as this thing pans out, the earnings will be similar to the type of business that we have that's not in the Mercer Marketplace. So it'll be very consistent.
Julio A. Portalatin: That is correct. I mean, we are taking all expense right to the operating results for the Mercer Marketplace.
Julio A. Portalatin: Yes, I mean, our year-to-date growth in Europe continues to be positive. We certainly can't control the external environment, but we're trying hard to make sure that pipeline and opportunities that present themselves, we are very prepared and very well positioned to take advantage of it. So given some -- we've had some situations or some restructuring taking place there for some of our clients, and we certainly are well positioned for that. And our product side, services and some of our survey business continues to be in high demand in that part of the world. So we think that the top line, while a little bit softer than prior years, continues to be positive and is tracking pretty well.
