Brian Duperreault: Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our third quarter results as reported earlier today. I'm Brian Duperreault, President and CEO of Marsh & McLennan Companies. Joining me on the call today is Dan Glaser, Group President and COO, and Vanessa Wittman, our CFO. Also, I'd like to welcome our operating company CEOs: Peter Zaffino of Marsh, Alex Moczarski of Guy Carpenter and John Drzik of Oliver Wyman. Also with us is Mike Bischoff.  Following my comments, Dan will discuss our operating results in more detail. Vanessa will then update you on our financial position.  Before we begin our discussions of the third quarter, I'd like to take a moment to recognize and thank Michele Burns for her many contributions to our company over the last 5 years. Michele became Mercer’s CEO in 2006 and led Mercer through a period of growth despite severe turbulence in the global economy. Last month, we announced that Michele has accepted a new role: to build and lead a retirement policy center. I believe this center has the potential of making a major contribution toward finding solutions that address the retirement issues facing the United States. I'm excited that Michele has agreed to take on the challenge of leading this effort. We are now searching for a new CEO of Mercer, and until a successor is named, Dan will be overseeing Mercer’s operations.  Now let's move to our third quarter results, which reflect our ongoing strong performance. We generated revenue growth of 11%. On an underlying basis, revenue growth was 5%, and we continued to achieve this growth while maintaining effective control over our operating expenses. This led to an increase in operating income of 30% and growth in adjusted operating income of 18%.  Let's turn to our operating companies. The positive momentum at Marsh continued this quarter, with underlying revenue growth across all geographies driven by higher client revenue retention rates and new business development. Guy Carpenter also generated impressive results, continuing its trend of producing quarterly underlying revenue growth, which has extended over the past 3 years. Mercer produced underlying revenue growth of mid-single-digits as it has over the past year. Oliver Wyman's strong revenue growth continued reflecting broad-based growth across its major industry sectors. So throughout Marsh & McLennan Companies, we've seen revenue increases and higher levels of profitability.  This record of performance is very much in keeping with the goals we articulated at Investor Day in September of 2010. It's now been more than a year since then, so I think it's appropriate to step back and look at the progress the company has made. We're implementing our plan to establish Marsh & McLennan Companies as an elite global growth company, valued by clients, our colleagues and shareholders. We articulated a strategy focusing on 4 pillars: growth in revenue and earnings per share, low capital requirements, high cash generation and reducing the risk profile of the company.  As you look at our performance since Investor Day, the achievements are evident. Over the last 4 quarters, the company has produced underlying revenue growth of 5%, and I'm pleased that each of the operating companies contributed to that achievement. Marsh grew by 5%; Carpenter, 5%; Mercer, 4%; and Oliver Wyman grew 9%. Our goal is to produce underlying revenue growth while maintaining expense discipline, thereby generating at least 10% organic growth and adjusted operating income over the long term.  I'm pleased to report that we are achieving our goals. We have produced revenue growth across the entire enterprise. We have continued to make investments for future growth. And we've done this by limiting -- while limiting our adjusted underlying expense growth to 4%. As a result, I am very pleased that over the last 4 quarters, Marsh & McLennan Companies generated organic growth in adjusted operating income of 13%, an outstanding performance. This earnings growth combined with our dividend yield of 3% is a very attractive result for our investors and in keeping with the goals we articulated at Investor Day more than a year ago.  Additionally, we've continued to maintain low capital requirements and generate high levels of cash. Operational changes throughout the organization, we believe, have lowered the companies' risk profile. Our financial position has strengthened during this period as well, which Vanessa will discuss in a few minutes.  As we move forward, we remain committed to focusing on profitable growth and prudent redeployment of our excess cash flow in order to produce outstanding long-term returns for our shareholders.  With that, let me turn it over to Dan to review our third quarter results in more detail.
Brian Duperreault: Well, it's a long-term goal. And long-term goals, you don't get there without going through the near term. The answer is, yes, we believe it's attainable.
Brian Duperreault: Okay, let me talk about this segment overall. And again, I think margin expansion -- profit growth and margin expansion is both what we're focused on. So when we look at it, and we're in the height of budget season right now and planning for next year and looking at our plans over a number of years, management's drive is how do we create profitable growth for the organization? And we're very comfortable with our strategic positioning. The quality of colleagues, we believe, in the industry leads the insurance business in the Risk and Insurance segment. And so when we look at it, we look at it as each year. We would expect to be able to expand our margins and have profitable growth. Now the fact that we have some headwinds -- and we've already forgotten in some ways about the fiduciary income headwind, but since it came up earlier in the call, I mean, that is a significant amount of money that will eventually, someday, roll back into RIS and, in particular, into Marsh. But we've been managing well through those headwinds, and we will continue to do that. So we will operate our business. As long as we can keep expense growth underneath revenue growth, we will be able to grow profit and improve our margin.
Brian Duperreault: Well, I'll tell you, it's always tough to make these calls. I've been through a few of these cycles, not too many, because we don't have too many hardening markets. And the strange thing is they're all different. They all start out for different reasons, going in different directions. So it is very hard to say, yes, this is exactly like '99. Things are so much different than they were in '99 today, I mean, economically, globally, all that. But I would say that one of the issues with that period was just kind of an exhaustion that took place, that's the word I've been using, and there was just nowhere else to go with rates except to go back up. And that is the real question that we reached that point. I think you've heard from Peter and from Dan and from Alex that there isn't a real pattern, necessarily, forming yet here. Some ups, some downs, some sideways. Nothing dramatic either way. And so I think this is going to have its own characteristics, and your call is as good as mine on when this all changes. And one day, we'll have answer to this. That's what's great about it.
Brian Duperreault: They absolutely make a difference because clients need advice. And when you see changes in the macro environment, when you see legislative change, then that heightens the need for advice. And when we look at our business, whether it's health care legislation or health care delivery changes around the world, retirement as an issue -- retirement, we don't expect that retirement is a declining business. We know that the revenue has been in decline for the last number of quarters last year and this year. But fundamentally, we believe clients need solutions and that we are very well-positioned to invent solutions and innovate for our clients. And so we're working hard at doing that now.
Brian Duperreault: I think, well, one, our business is generally a B2B and also B2B2C, so we're not really in the B2C direct space on things like annuities or life insurance sales. So we're talking to companies. Our dialogue with life insurance companies is around we all believe that annuities provide part of the answer, and perhaps even annuities linked with long-term care are interesting products, and we all are surprised at the lack of take-up. And so there's, I think, a lot of interest around greater product in an annuity kind of format. And for companies to look at how they can support that for their colleague base, particularly if they've moved from DB to DC. But the life insurance companies themselves would say it has not been a tremendously active market. So let me close by thanking our 52,000 employees. They have delivered another outstanding quarter, and I'm grateful to you for all that you do, your dedication and commitment to driving the company forward. And I'm honored to serve as your CEO. Thank you to everybody. And goodbye.
Vanessa A. Wittman: Thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. As you've heard, the strong financial performance of Marsh & McLennan Companies continued in the third quarter. On a GAAP basis, net income was $130 million, or $0.24 per share. Adjusted earnings per share was also $0.24. Costs of $72 million related to the early extinguishment of debt from the tender offer are highlighted on a separate line in this quarter's income statement. This expense is reflected in both our GAAP EPS and our adjusted EPS. I should also note that our a GAAP and adjusted earnings are almost identical for the 9-month period as well. Operating income totaled $1.247 billion, and adjusted operating income was $1.252 billion. As a result, GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations year-to-date was $1.30 and adjusted earnings per share also totaled $1.30.  Now let me add some color regarding other items, including our recent financing activities. In the third quarter, interest expense decreased to $49 million from $60 million a year ago. This level of quarterly interest expense is a reasonable indicator of the run rate we expect going forward. Several actions taken over the past 12 months substantially reduced our interest expense. First was the payment of a $550 million debt obligation in September 2010. Next, in July of this year, we took advantage of the interest rate environment through a tender refinancing effort to extend our maturity ladder and reduce our aggregate interest expense. We had $1.4 billion of debt coming due in 2014 and 2015, and we successfully tendered for $600 million of these bonds. We funded the tender with $100 million dollars of cash and a new 10-year note for $500 million with a coupon of 4.8%. We are very pleased with these transactions, which allowed us to opportunistically refine our capital structure, lower our refinancing risk in the intermediate term, extend maturities of our debt portfolio at a very attractive interest rate and delever our balance sheet. In total, the actions taken over the past year reduce our annual interest expense by $45 million.  Turning to investment income. In the third quarter, investment income was essentially 0 compared with a $2 million loss in last year's third quarter. Due to a decline in the equity markets in the third quarter, we anticipate reporting an investment loss of approximately $10 million in the fourth quarter.  Moving on to share repurchase. Since beginning our share repurchase program in last year's fourth quarter, the company has repurchased a total of 15.6 million shares at a cost of $447 million, including 4.4 million shares that were purchased in the third quarter. In August, our Board of Directors authorized an increase in the share repurchase program to $1 billion from $500 million.  Looking at taxes. Our adjusted tax rate this quarter increased to 32.7%. This compares with 30.4% in last year's third quarter. A drop in the U.K. statutory tax rate reduced the value of our U.K. net deferred tax assets, which was fully reflected this quarter. This change in the U.K. tax law put upward pressure on our adjusted tax rate in the third quarter but will slightly benefit our overall tax position going forward.  The higher tax rate in the current quarter also reflects a slight shift in the geographic mix of earnings. While there may be volatility in our tax rate from quarter-to-quarter, we still feel that for modeling purposes, it is reasonable to assume a tax rate of approximately 31% over the next year.  Due to our high cash generation, we were able to redeploy our cash in the third quarter in a number of ways, including a $126 million per share repurchase, $123 million for dividends, $100 million to reduce long-term debt, $72 million for the early debt repayment and $21 million for acquisitions. This effective redeployment of capital will also contribute to our future growth in earnings per share. And despite all of these actions, our cash position increased $55 million during the third quarter.  Debt at the end of the third quarter was $2.9 billion. We have a $250 million note due March 15, 2012, which is our only debt coming due in 2012.  Last month, we took advantage of favorable conditions in the credit market and were able to close a new $1 billion, 5-year revolving credit facility to replace our existing $1 billion, 3-year credit facility that was due to expire next year. We are very pleased with the increased financial flexibility and reduced uncertainty resulting from the new facilities' extended duration.  With that, I'll turn the call back to Brian.
Vanessa A. Wittman: Keith, I believe, last year, the aggregate -- because remember, you've got to look across both the U.S. and the U.K. And on a blended basis, it was about a 40-basis-point change, but that's blended. And you've got plans in the U.S. and the U.K. and then the rest of the world where those are individual calcs. And that would have led to our change, which has been about a "$12 million per quarter" impact over the course of the year.
Vanessa A. Wittman: As we have said in the past, I know it's tempting at this point in the year and with the volatility that we see in the markets for us to make a call and give you a prediction. But as we've also done in the past, we're not going to give you a prediction. We are very keenly focused on the changes, but it's just not right for a public dialogue. And what you can count on, Keith, is that, as we have done to date, we will -- we're watching it, we're monitoring it and we'll continue to manage the business through next year to deliver on our commitments to our shareholders.
Vanessa A. Wittman: Well, let me take that 2 ways. The first is that we don't break out our U.S. and international cash, but I think that from our profitability, you could probably safely assume that the bulk of that cash is offshore. And from a repurchase estimation perspective, we've been pretty consistent in saying that our #1 priority is investing in the business with 1a, doing accretive acquisitions. So as you're looking out over the course of the year, we have committed to absorbing in our repurchase what we are issuing from an equities perspective to our colleagues. But I think you should count on the accretive acquisitions and investments in the business first, and we do have an acquisition in the fourth quarter that we expect to close the bulk of that Alexander Forbes acquisition.
Vanessa A. Wittman: Sure. First, on the foreign exchange, it had -- foreign exchange was neutral on our NOI in the Risk and Insurance Services. But if -- just mathematically, if it's neutral at your NOI line, then it's going to have a drag on your margins. So we don't want to really give you any more color than that. And on the severance front, we're not going to break out what the drag in the margins was, but I think that the performance and the margin expansion in that segment is pretty impressive with bearing the FX, the severance and the pension expense.
Vanessa A. Wittman: Sure, let me take them in pieces. Investment income is separate from fiduciary funds. So in the investment income, we report that on lag, Meyer, and that is invested by a third party. So we don't have good insight into -- we've given you the fourth quarter indication based on the third quarter as reported, but we don't have good insight into where that heads from a run rate perspective.
Vanessa A. Wittman: On the fiduciary funds, it did improve this quarter. And those are funds we manage on behalf of clients. We've been in this bizarre, near 0 interest rate environment. And we do invest those funds within a very narrow and strict policy range to make sure that they're highly liquid, et cetera. It did improve. But I think tracking -- your best indicator there is tracking the overall global interest rate. So we had some volatility in the third quarter that actually benefited us, but rates are back down. Your corporate spreads are up a little bit, which you saw the benefit in the third quarter. And kind of similar to our pension discussion, calling interest rates is not what we want to do. So I would use your best view as the run rate percentage there. And the last part on corporate expenses, you asked for a run rate there. And if you look, there are fluctuations quarter-to-quarter based on investments that we're making. And particularly, we had some changes in the second quarter with welcoming Dan to the corporate center. But I think if you look over the last several years, we have been at about $40 million a quarter for corporate expenses, and that's a decent run rate to use.
Daniel S. Glaser: Okay. So I'll talk for a while, and then John will probably have some comments specific to Oliver Wyman. But in general, we don't disclose margins for individual operating companies. We talk about this segment overall, and so let me just start there. For both Oliver Wyman and Mercer, we believe that, over time, we will be able to expand margins. And so we're very much focused on creating the business disciplines that are necessary in order to be able to commit to that, so that's #1. I'll leave it to John in a second to talk about Oliver Wyman specifically and what he's seeing in the market. In terms of Mercer, I'd start by saying, Mercer is a really strong company. It's large. It's growing. It's globally coordinated. It's profitable. It's got some great people. It's got a great client list. So I've spent a good part of my time in the last 5 months really digging into Mercer, and a lot of what I see, I'm pleased with. My goal is to work with the Mercer leadership team to take all of this and make it better. We can be more global. We can be more profitable with better margins. And we can be more innovative. And so that will be the focus of the leadership team and I over the coming months and years.
Daniel S. Glaser: Sure. I mean, I would think broadly about carrier revenue streams. So when we look at revenue in general, we're looking at negotiating fee increases where we can with our client base. Then when we look at the value that we're adding to carriers, we negotiate where we can higher commission levels, what we called yield. Then we look at areas of fee for services or enhanced commission based upon helping carriers become more efficient. And then we have that minor bit of contingent income, which is largely in the Marsh & McLennan Agency and in some parts of our business where we're actually an MGA. But overall, the negotiation that we have with carriers about levels of income we might receive is about the value that we're providing them, and so that's a continual discussion. It's not something that will stop. That's an every-year thing. And we're building up our capabilities to add more and more value, so we think that we will be able to drive more carrier revenue over time on a multiyear basis.
Daniel S. Glaser: Okay. Well, it really looks at what segment you're looking at. I think the segment or the area that we would have the most exposure is in Consulting and specifically within Oliver Wyman and in the FS space. That would be where that would most likely come from. We are not seeing, right now, impacts with regard to turmoil in Europe in either our Risk and Insurance Services segment or in Mercer. So logic would tell that, that's probably where we would see it first, but we are not seeing that now.
Daniel S. Glaser: The answer to that is it's always a mix churn. Mercer has actually very strong new business development over the past couple of years. And so that's certainly a big part of their growth, particularly in areas where we have invested around the world such as health and benefits. If you look at Mercer piece-by-piece, the most significant areas of growth have been in rewards, talent & communications, health and benefits and the investment space. And so all of those areas are actually doing quite well. But I'll just take a moment on rewards, talent & communications because they've had their fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. And really, the core bread-and-butter rewards business is very strong across all regions, and that includes consulting and data. The compensation survey business, again, demand is up across all regions. And there's high demand for talent management, specifically leadership development and skills assessment in emerging markets. So we're very well-positioned to capture that trend. And I think at this stage, 5 quarters in a row, you would see that as a trend.
