Mark McGivney: Thank you, Dan. And good morning, everyone. In the first quarter, we delivered solid underlying revenue growth in each of our operating companies, while maintaining control of operating expense. GAAP EPS rose 3% to $0.91. And adjusted EPS increased slightly to $0.92. As Dan mentioned, I will walk you through the retirement related items that make our earnings comparisons to last year's first quarter challenging and give you more clarity around our underlying results. You will recall, in the first quarter of 2015, we recognized a non-recurring credit of $125 million as a result of changes to our US retiree medical plan. Late in 2015, we made additional retirement plan changes that essentially replaced this credit not only for 2016, but beyond. As discussed on our last two earnings calls, the most impactful of these changes was to divide our US defined benefit plan into two separate plans. As a result of these changes, coupled with the many other factors that go into the measurement of our annual pension expense, we expect the year-over-year decline in retirement expense for 2016 of approximately $30 million or $0.04 per share. Although retirement expense will decline for the full year, it increased in the first quarter of 2016 compared with a year ago because of the significant credit we recorded in last year's first quarter. The increase in retirement expense in the first quarter of 2016 compared with the first quarter of 2015 was roughly $0.10 per share. Eliminating this impact, in the first quarter of 2016, MMC produced double-digit growth in adjusted EPS, high-single-digit growth in adjusted operating income, and meaningful margin expansion in both segments. For the year, we expect to generate underlying revenue growth, increased operating margins in both segments, and strong growth in earnings per share, with improving growth in the second half of the year. Moving to investment income, we had a loss of $3 million in the first quarter, a decrease of $5 million from a year ago. As we said on our last call, going forward, we expect to generate only modest investment income compared with the $38 million we reported in 2015. This anticipated reduction for 2016 will likely offset the $0.04 benefit from lower retirement expense I mentioned earlier. It is worth reiterating that the full year benefit from lower retirement expense is essentially offset by investment income -- our reduced investment income. This means that the financial performance we are expecting for 2016 will continue to come from strong underlying operating performance. We reported last year that we expected foreign exchange to adversely affect EPS by approximately $0.07 in 2016, with the majority occurring in the first half of the year. As anticipated, the impact in the quarter was $0.03. However, the dollar has weakened over the past several weeks against many of our key currencies. Assuming exchange rates remain at their current level, which was a big assumption given FX volatility in recent periods, we now expect the impact from FX to be de minimis for the remainder of the year. Our tax rate fluctuates from quarter to quarter, reflecting the geographic mix of earnings, tax settlements, completion of open tax years, changes in international and local tax rates and other discrete items. Our adjusted tax rate in the first quarter was 28.5% compared with 29.4% in last year's first quarter. Our rate in the quarter was slightly below the 29% we guided to for 2016 due to discrete items recorded in the period. Based on the current landscape, it is reasonable to assume a tax rate of 29% for the remainder of 2016. Total debt at the end of the first quarter was $5 billion compared with $4.4 billion at year-end. In addition to the $350 million of senior notes we issued in March, total debt includes 250 million of commercial paper outstanding. As we discussed in the past, we utilized the commercial paper market throughout the year for short-term liquidity and greater cash management flexibility. The term structure of our debt portfolio provides us flexibility with modest near-term repayment obligation. Our next scheduled debt maturity is a $250 million senior note due in April 27. In the first quarter, we repurchased 3.5 million shares of our stock for $200 million. Our cash position at the end of the first quarter was $918 million, with approximately $190 million in the US. Uses of cash in the first quarter included outlays for our annual bonus awards, which have increased in each of the past seven years; $200 million for share repurchases; $161 million for dividends; and $121 million for acquisitions and investments. For the full year 2016, we plan to deploy roughly $2.3 billion of capital through dividends, share repurchases, and acquisition. We expect to deliver on our annual capital return commitments, to reduce our share count, and increase our dividends per share by double-digit. And with that, I'm happy to turn it back to Dan.
Mark McGivney: Yeah. Sure, Jay. I think the best way to think about this is 2016 reflects a good baseline. It’s really the one-time nature of the credit we had in the first quarter of last year, which I said in my prepared remarks, if you look at year-over-year retirement expense, the impact was roughly $0.10 a share in the first quarter. But I think 2016 is a good baseline.
Mark McGivney: Remember, when we talked about last year, we encouraged people to think about our full year results. So I think if you look at our results for the full year, our $3.05 last year is a good number for us for baseline for 2015.
Mark McGivney: Just a couple of things. I would say the first quarter 2016 represents a fair baseline. And when you look back to last year, remember that the two headwinds we were dealing with – both a significant increase in pension expense and FX and the one-time credit, so – and I know it’s a little tough to compare year-over-year. If you think about what a good baseline is, I think our results this year are fair – a fair baseline.
Mark McGivney: I think, Larry, and as I said in my prepared remarks, this change – and I just want to emphasize that the outlook that we’ve given is based on rates – spot rates this week. We’re at the point where the euro is now up 5% from where it was a year ago, the yen is up 9%, and the Aussie dollar is flat. But if we had gone back a month ago, the guidance would have been different. So just take it all with a grain of salt. But that de minimis comment would carry for the next three quarters, so second quarter as well.
Mark McGivney: As I’ve said in my prepared remarks, the net impact is about $0.10. If you do the math, it’s roughly $75 million. So, remember, the $125 million one-time in the first quarter of last year, so pension expense is also down this year somewhat as well. So you really have to take out both pieces. So we did say we had – when you make this adjustment, meaningful margin expansion overall and in both segments. But I think if you use $75 million, not the $125 million, you get closer to the right ZIP code.
Mark McGivney: 2015 was such an unusual year for FX. But, generally, FX has kind of gone plus and minus in a range and it has generally a modest impact on margins that we really haven’t talked about. And the impact even in the early part of this year has been relatively modest. So we really don’t think about it all that deeply in a normal year.
Mark McGivney: No, I would think about it sort of distributed – there are many ways to get at it. But, no, it is something – our employee populations participate across our operating companies in our plan. So I think you can think about it, if you use revenue as a base or employees as a base or comp and benefits, I think you’ll be fine. But it affects the whole company.
Daniel Glaser: Jay, we’ve never outlined a number of $1 billion. We actually said a couple of times in previous calls that we expect the return of capital to shareholders to look more similar to 2014, which was a number of like $2.3 billion. And so, if you look at that, and you say, ‘well, dividends are going to be $650 million to $700 million,’ it leaves you about $1.6 billion, maybe $1.7 billion between acquisitions and share repurchase. Just to be clear, share repurchase for us is an important commitment, and our commitment is to reduce the share count each year. We actually favor organic investments in our business, our dividend strategy, and our acquisition strategy over share repurchase. But if we favor share repurchase over building cash on our balance sheet, and I think that’s the way to look at it.
Daniel Glaser: No, I don’t think we’re going to break out the Agency as a subset. We haven’t done that before. And I know if we do it once, we’ll do it forevermore. So I think we’re going to keep that to ourselves. I would say what to refer to is the strategy that we laid out all the way back in late 2009. Our basic premise was, we believe we could create the highest quality agency in the United States and end up with a SMEs and middle market and upper middle market company which was well balanced between property and casualty, employee benefits, and personal lines, and that that would grow faster organically than overall Marsh at a similar or higher level of EBITDA margin. And that strategy is holding. But we’re not going to break out the subset.
Daniel Glaser: We are currently in the it-is-what-it-is phase of development of MMA. But it still has a tremendous amount of runway. And I imagine, at some point in time, we will consider whether that should be broken out and shown separately. But it certainly won’t be anytime in the near future.
Daniel Glaser: Couple of things. I think it’s important for us to have an overall view of the Consulting segment. One, you have to just start with looking at the size of Mercer relative to the size of Oliver Wyman and recognize that if Mercer isn’t generating margin improvement, it would be very hard for the segment to show margin improvement regardless of where the top line is for Oliver Wyman at any point in time. Clearly, we are pleased with Oliver Wyman’s revenue performance over the past two years. But I would just caution everybody that the vast majority of Oliver Wyman’s revenue is non-recurring project work. And so, new projects have to be added continuously for us to even maintain levels of revenue, let alone grow it. So we know, as a leadership team, that Oliver Wyman will have a more – higher level of volatility on the top line than any of the other three opcos. And that is one of the reasons why we have built a model where Oliver Wyman’s compensation model is very performance-sensitive. So their expense base naturally – their expense base, which is largely compensation and benefit, naturally flexes with their revenue line, and so – up or down, Oliver Wyman has much more of a revenue impact on MMC than an earnings impact.
Daniel Glaser: I think the way to look at it is is that the leverage ratio will move around a little bit with EBITDA and with the timing of when we raise debt and that sort of thing. But we ended last year at about 1.6. And whether we were at 1.5 or 1.8, we’re in a range of debt-to-equity type of – debt-to-EBITDA type of leverage. I would say we’ll just remain in that range for the foreseeable future.
Daniel Glaser: I think I’ll start with that. But I would say it really depends on the timing of when the larger acquisitions come in. I don’t have the schedule right in front of me, but my guess is that that kind of run rate only lasts for a short period of time until we start laughing when we pull in other acquisitions from previous years. And so, from that standpoint, it’s dependent in large part as to whether we do anything in the short term now either in terms of what kind of acquisitions we put on. But, basically, when we look at acquisitions’ overall impact on revenue, it’s been between 2% and 3% over the last several years. And I think that’s probably, as a total company, a better way of looking at what acquisitions are doing to our revenues, 2% to 3%.
Daniel Glaser: It’s hard to tell. Certainly, our expectation is not that we have any kind of long period where brokerage is operating below 3% organic growth. But there could be periodic periods where that happens and we’ll manage the business accordingly. If I look at my brokerage segment and you effect for the pension credits we were talking about before and eliminate those from last year and this year in terms of the way you look at the business, both segments increased their margins. So RIS increased their margins in the first quarter despite the level of growth. And so, I’m pretty comfortable we could manage the business. But we’ve said several times in the past, as a company, we believe we drive for margin when the company grows at 3% or better. And if the company grows less than that, our margins may improve because of the efficiency gains et cetera. But our view is, generally, we are more comfortable growing margins when our organic growth is 3% or better.
Daniel Glaser: Yeah, I would say, overall, throughout, whether you’re looking at Consulting or RIS, our account and revenue retentions are very consistent with where they’ve been in the past. And so, there has been no impact. We absolutely do believe in each of our segments that there is a potential future benefit from flight to quality in times of uncertainty and volatility, which we would pick up in the future. But, today, it’s very competitive. We’ve been maintaining our positions on accounts and our client level of retention and revenue retention on those clients is very consistent with how it’s been over the last several years.
Daniel Glaser: I’ll just repeat some of the things that I’ve said earlier in previous years. Margins are important, obviously, and they are part of how we drive to get to our long-term CAGR of 13% on EPS. But when we run our business and we create our own strategies, margins are one of the financial metrics that we care about least. We look at organic growth. We look at operating income and earnings growth and we look about the air between our revenue growth and our expense growth. And so, margins are a natural outcome of us managing the business properly, right? So that is the fundamental strategic view. I can tell you, I really don’t give a hoot about margins in any one quarter. We run our business in a way of, how did we do over the course of year – one year and multiyear basis. Our margins have been on a track. We’ve been talking about margins with the investment community for a lot of years now. And I just have to say that 2016 is going to be the ninth consecutive year of margin expansion and the seventh consecutive year of margin expansion in both segments. And so, our margins are going to go up as an outcome of the way we run the business. But in terms of the inside baseball of margin in one quarter versus margin in another quarter is not meaningful to us.
Daniel Glaser: Yeah. There’s a couple of things. One, you’ll know that I don’t actually like creating target numbers on things like margin because I think targets have a way of people trying to get there or touch it as being, ‘okay, target achieved,’ and then you see it shrink back again. At the end of the day, I do not want to create boundaries on how either of our segments could perform in the future. We have all kinds of advantages in terms of efficiency, technology, expense synergies, revenue synergies that we’re capturing within the company. So comparisons to how the company operated in a decade or 15 years ago are not really that relevant for us. So I keep it very open in terms of – what I do say and what I know Peter and Julio and Alex and Scott say when we’re talking to our teams is do not drive for margin at the expense of investing for the business or for organic growth. And so, from that perspective, I just think it’s important for you to know the way we look at it. Having said all of that, we’ve been talking about margins essentially for the last eight years. And the story for us has been pretty consistent. We expect to be able to grow margins because we run our business in a way that expenses almost always grow at a slower pace than revenue. We expect to continue to do that. Clearly, that level of difference varies based upon when our margins get up to, let’s say, very high levels sometime into the future. Then we’ll be very happy to grow expenses at the same pace as revenue because we would have such a fantastic business. We already have market-leading margins relative to the mega brokers, and so we feel pretty good about where they are. And I’ll just remind everybody that when we look at margins and talk about it, we look on a multiyear basis. As I look over the last four or five years, both segments have grown margins between 400 and 500 basis points. And so, I could’ve easily set a target or some sort of threshold number four of five years ago because I remember conversations where people would say, ‘well, do you think you can grow your margins 200 to 250 basis points from where they are today?’ And, boy, am I glad that we didn’t say yes to that and create some sort of hurdle to where we’ve now felt we’ve achieved it, so now we won’t grow them anymore. We’re just going to let the businesses run and see where that takes us. But we’re quite confident that 2016 will be the seventh consecutive year that you see expansion in both segments.
Daniel Glaser: Okay, thanks a lot. And I’d like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. Even though he did not get a question, I’d like to thank Scott and the Oliver Wyman team for growing 15% in the first quarter. So thank you very much. I’d like to thank our shareholders for their investment in our company, our clients for their support, and our colleagues for their dedication. A core priority for us is to foster a culture of integrity, accountability and performance in everything we do. We are proud of the progress we have made and we’re excited about the path before us. Have a good day.
Peter Zaffino: Sure. Thank you, Dan. The answer is going to be very similar to some of my commentary in some of the prior quarters. The premise behind MMA has been that the middle market in the United States provides an opportunity for higher growth in the large accounts base, and that has largely proven to be true. We think it’s a very good segment. We’ve acquired the highest quality agencies, just adding Celedinas in the first quarter which is a high net worth personal lines agency, best-in-class, out of Palm Beach. We’ve shared best practices. We’ve been heavily investing in sales capacity. And we have a very balanced business between employee health and benefits and property and casualty. So we’re very pleased with the acquisitions that we’ve made. Strong organic growth. And I think the last part of your question was just roughly what the size is. And we think, by year-end, with no more acquisitions, if we weren’t to do any – we do have a very strong pipeline – but as of today, the annualized revenue is approximately $950 million.
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Elyse. In a business the size of Marsh, there’s always a lot going on. As you said, the 2% underlying growth, if you compare it to the fourth quarter, I would encourage just to take a look at the full year. The first quarter 2016 does represent the 24th consecutive quarter of underlying revenue growth. So I’m very proud of Marsh that we’ve been able to build an organization that can generate organic growth in the short, medium and long-term. As Dan mentioned and I reiterated, we have very strong performance in MMA, but we also had solid growth across our emerging markets and very good growth in employee health and benefits. Having said that, there were few things that tempered growth in the quarter. The first quarter is highly dependent on the mature markets within Marsh, particularly Continental Europe, which renews about half of its book in the first quarter. And we have a terrific business in Continental Europe. But just based on the macros and insurance conditions, it has historically grown in the low-single-digits and that’s what happened in this quarter as well. We are facing some headwinds in the insurance market. We know there is an abundance of capacity. We’ve had a little bit of pricing pressure in the quarter. It did temper, but it is – it’s been happening for the better part of the last few years. And we continue to weather the slowdown in some of the commodity-based economies like Australia, Canada, Brazil. Great businesses, but just a little bit of tempered on the growth. So if I step back and take a broader view, I’m really pleased with the key fundamentals, meaning the clients that we’re retaining, strong new business, continue to expand into new products, had a terrific progress we’ve made on cyber. We’re about up 80% year-over-year on brokerage and in premium and expect to see a very strong trend continue. And our investments are highly driven by delivering superior value to clients and I feel really good where we are.
Peter Zaffino: Yes. I don’t think there’s much to add, Dan. I think you covered most of the key points. We want to make sure that we are focusing on providing the best advice to our clients, with all the changing dynamics that are happening in the industry. While there’s been a decent amount of changes, perhaps through acquisitions and some of the leadership changes, by and large, across the world, the risk appetites have not changed that much. We are trying to find ways in which we can create more product, whether it’s in cyber or in terrorism or making sure that we simplify the insurance product. And so, I would add, as Dan said, we have such a close relationship with so many of the insurance companies and trading partners that we’re always trying to improve the experience for our clients and making sure that we are anticipating the changes that are happening around the corner and not just being stagnant in today’s market. But by and large, we don’t see anything that is a major dislocation for clients and I think it’s – we will continue to trade as we have in the past.
Peter Zaffino: The 2% long-term growth, it’s hard to make significant investments as well as expand margin. But we’ve been making a lot of investments over the past five to seven years. And we are in a place where if we had 2% over the short, medium term, I think there are opportunities to expand margin because we built in a lot of efficiencies within Marsh. An example would be, in the United States, something called a Qualified Solutions Group. It’s an investment we made three or four years ago to streamline the process of placement, working with insurance companies to get more contract certainty, using technology to make it more efficient for our client experience, and just getting a better product with some of our largest trading partners. That is something that, I think, will yield deficiencies and opportunities for margin expansion through top line growth and lower expense. So we’ve made a lot of investments over time. But if you’re in a multi-year 2%, it is hard to expand margins. But don’t think that’s the world we are in.
Peter Zaffino: Yeah. We’ve started this journey many years ago in terms of trying to harness and capture the rich amount of data that exist within Marsh to the benefit of our clients. We have expanded our analytics platforms to be able to give our clients much more insight in terms of volatility, any catastrophe exposure, predictive modeling and really tying it all together. One great example of that is, as we rolled out an IMAP technology – and we think it’s the industry’s only mobile real-time analytics platform – that allows our clients to have interactive discussions with us based on market conditions, based on overlaying a rich database to show them benchmarking and peer reviews and we do measure RFP statistics where we have a full comprehensive analytics approach versus a more traditional, and our win ratio is significantly higher. And I think we will continue to make investments on the data analytics side. We have a significant amount of claims data and want to be very focused on the SME segment as well in terms of providing insight.
Peter Zaffino: It is pushing into MMA as well. There is just a different value proposition for middle market clients than there is for large clients. So the actual delivery of that is a bit different. But, yes, it is going into the mid-market and providing insight.
Peter Zaffino: Yeah. Dan, thank you. And we didn’t talk a lot about pricing. But we did see pricing temper both sequentially and year-over-year in the quarter. So international business has a little bit more rate decrease when compared to the US and Canada. Property still leads the rate decreases, although it is tempering. And we have seen modest increases in exposure in total insured values, sales and payroll. And we’ve also had a number of yield initiatives across the world. So when we aggregate everything, it really does amount to a modest headwind.
