Daniel S. Glaser: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our third quarter results reported earlier today. I'm Dan Glaser, President and CEO of Marsh McLennan. Joining me on the call today is John Doyle, our Group President and COO; Mark McGivney, our CFO; and the CEOs of our businesses Martin South of Marsh; Dean Klisura of Guy Carpenter; Martine Ferland of Mercer; and Nick Studer of Oliver Wyman. Also with us this morning is Sarah Dewitt, Head of Investor Relations. Today is my 60th earnings call at Marsh McLennan, and 40th as CEO. After 10 years as President and CEO, I will be retiring from Marsh McLennan at the end of the year. Leading this firm over the past decade has been the honor of a lifetime. Before I jump into our results, I'd like to say how pleased I am about the leadership succession we announced. The appointment of John Doyle as President and Chief Executive Officer, effective January 1st continues to underscore Marsh McLennan's deep trove of industry-leading talent. During John's tenure as President and CEO of Marsh, he drove exceptional revenue and earnings growth. And as Group President and COO, John is finding new ways to harness the capabilities of Marsh McLennan across our business, accelerating impact for clients, colleagues and communities. John has been an indispensable partner to me and the other members of our Executive Committee in shaping and executing our strategy. He knows our business well and is focused on delivering outstanding performance for clients and shareholders. I am confident that our extraordinary success will continue under John's leadership. Marsh McLennan's third quarter results demonstrated strength on strength. Top line momentum continued across our business, extending the best run of quarterly underlying growth in over two decades. We generated strong top and bottom line results despite difficult year-over-year comparison. Underlying growth of 8% in the quarter reflects considerable strength across our organization. It represents the sixth consecutive quarter of 8% or higher top line growth, building on 13% growth a year ago. Adjusted operating income of $851 million was a third quarter record, and grew 12% on top of 19% in the third quarter of 2021. Adjusted EPS growth of 9% is excellent, especially given costs related to our strategic talent investments, the rebound of T&E, and 32% growth in the third quarter of 2021. We completed 500 million of share repurchases in the third quarter, bringing year-to-date repurchases to 1.6 billion, which is higher than any full year level of repurchases in our history. While the economic and geopolitical backdrop is uncertain, we have a proven track record of being resilient through cycles and are well positioned. Overall, our third quarter performance highlights the strength of Marsh McLennan, a critical nature of what we do for our clients and the unmatched expertise of our colleagues. With that let me turn it over to John. 
Daniel S. Glaser: Thank you, Mark. Before we open up the call for Q&A, I just want to say it has been a great privilege to lead this firm and work side-by-side with smart, creative and dedicated people. I am immensely proud of our colleagues and what we have accomplished. Together, we've grown, innovated and persevered. We launched and built MMA, expanded our capabilities in combination with JLT, and demonstrated resilience in the face of a financial crisis and global pandemic. We emerged as a better and stronger firm by relying on each other, living our values, supporting our communities, and staying focused on clients. I have always believed the greatness of our companies is in how we deliver in the big moments and the small. Under John's leadership, I know Marsh McLennan will continue to thrive and prosper, to make a difference in the moments that matter. There is no one I trust more with the company we've built together, and with the important work ahead. I'd like to thank our clients for choosing to do business with us, our shareholders for their continued confidence, most importantly our colleagues. All that we have achieved is due to their efforts. With that, operator, we are ready to begin Q&A.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yes, absolutely. And so it's one of those things, very tough markets really, in some ways, it's the period where Marsh McLennan shines the most. And so Guy Carpenter will do well but in any time where there's supply and demand imbalances you could have short-term pressures of something not being able to be placed, because there's not enough capital providers willing to write a particular line of business. But solutions will be found, and we're actively working for our clients in that area. Any follow-up Yaron, although you asked about four questions. Give me another one, if you have one at the ready.
Daniel S. Glaser: I had your headline from November of 2007, what else could go wrong? A statement, not a question. That was on my bulletin board for about five years there.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yes. Looking at his chops over there. No, the M&A pipeline is good. We -- as we've said a few times before in the past, we cultivate relationships over long stretches of time. We're less interested in the call from a banker saying, hey, something's going to market, we're inviting 10 people. You want to participate? And so for us, pipeline development and meeting as a core executive team on a regular cadence to review the pipeline and talk to potential prospects in the future, that's just a part of how we go about the business. As you know, we favor building our business through acquisition over share repurchase, but they sort of go in tandem. When we have a lighter year in M&A, we'll have more share repurchase sort of like this year when we have a heavy year in M&A, we'd have less share repurchase because our dividend is -- comes first and is sacrosanct. So when we look at the pipeline, the pipeline is good. We have a transaction that we've mentioned to you before in BT Westpac [ph] which won't close until next year. But still when we're thinking about the utilization of our capital, we're pretty much thinking that it's kind of well, it's partly this year and its partly next year regardless of when the cash goes out the door. And as you know, we've sort of average, if you exclude JLT, we've sort of averaged about $1 billion a year on acquisitions, and that's likely to continue.
Daniel S. Glaser: I mean, you're basically right in that fiduciary income, we didn't have. A lot of it is -- drops to the bottom line. So a lot of it is profit, and that will help margins in the future.
Daniel S. Glaser: Okay. So it's a terrific business, Ryan. As we noted, the assets under delegated management are down about 20% year-over-year. But having said that, if you look over the decade -- over a decade, the CAGR on assets under delegated management is about a 20% number on a CAGR basis. So it's a great business. We're glad we're in it. But obviously, it's a headwind in the short term. Hopefully, in the short term.
Daniel S. Glaser: Thank you, and thank you for joining us on the call this morning. I want to thank our 86,000 colleagues for their commitment, hard work, and dedication to Marsh McLennan. And from the bottom of my heart, thank you for the trust you have put in me. Serving as CEO of Marsh McLennan has been an honor. Thank you.
Martin South: Thank you, Dan. Yes. Just to start, we are very pleased with the strong organic growth of 8% in the quarter, which is on top of 13% in the prior quarter 2021. Our growth is strong across all the geographies. EMEA was up 9%, Asia Pac, 14%, LAC was up 15% -- 5%, as you noted in the U.S. Overall, good year-to-date growth of 9%. And whilst the 5% is a slowdown, it was 16% in Q3 of 2021. When we look at the U.S. over a longer period, the U.S. and Canada is 8% year-to-date and 13% in the full year of 2021. Canada is doing extremely well, and the U.S. growth last year in the back half of the year, there was exceptional performance in M&A, SPAC, and capital markets activity, and we don't see that repeating in the volatility of the markets going forward. We made fantastic investments last year in producers that are focused on recurring business, so we feel we're very well positioned in the U.S. going forward.
Martin South: Yes. Thanks, John. Well, we're into this -- into the 20th consecutive quarter of rate increases across the Board. We'll be announcing our rate survey at the end of -- in a couple of weeks' time. It will show 6% year-to-date in quarterly results in the property area. No question, there's going to be a strain in the property market, particularly for clients that have high cat exposures. We would have thought by now at this point in the cycle, after such consistent growth in property, that we have started to see some easing off. The reverse is going to be true, sadly, for our clients, going through for the back end of the year. Across the Board, though, rates, so I'll just -- I'll give you some color on those, John. The composite rate is 6%, which is down a little bit from the last quarter. Casualty is up 4% still, as I mentioned, property is 6%. FinPro [ph] lines are down 1%. They were heavily weighted in the prior year from -- and in the prior quarter from D&O SPACs and cyber. And we've broken out -- we will be breaking out cyber especially this year, which is showing rate increases of 53%, and that's down a little bit from rate increases in the prior quarter, but still very strong rate increases. And some of the activity we've seen there is slowing down a little bit. But it's a healthy market. But of course, we're worried about our clients. And as we said, we're going to be looking for solutions to plan them and we see that as a potential demand driver as well.
Martin South: John, thank you. And as you said, very, very happy with the investments that we made last year. We -- the cultural accretion to us has been significant. They've brought new skills, new insights to the firm, and they've spread it out like wildfire. We focus very heavily on the investments, as you know, in areas where we thought there was high recurring revenue growth to the point the question was, yes, we see these ramping up. Everything is penciling out exactly as we thought it would. In some areas, we're actually ahead of plan, so we continue to see this as a continuing add to our revenue or growth and our capabilities. Couldn't be happier.
Martin South: Yes. Thank you. And look, for the last few years as well, you've seen international has been slightly weaker than the U.S. That's rebounding, and we best to balance things so strong in our portfolio, so we're really pleased with the overall balance in our business. As Dan said, for Asia Pacific, very strong growth of 14%. We have a terrific franchise in Asia Pacific, pretty well unrivaled positions in almost all the markets there. So you could not buy what we have in that market. It's a mixture of in Japan, maturities and us having been there for such a long period of time and building the trust with the local community, and the carriers and doing more indigenous business. It's the protection gap that you see across Southeast Asia that's giving us share, it's strength in our benefits business across Asia, and the same for Latin America. We have an unbelievable franchise there, very strong businesses in all the big geographies in all the big markets in Latin America. There's some great strength there, but it's been relatively modest for a while. It's really a question of just getting market share and strength and a terrific leadership team.
John Q. Doyle: Sure. Thanks, Dan. So Elyse, the insurance markets remained challenging in the third quarter for our clients. Prices continued to rise in the quarter, although moderating slightly overall from where we were in the second quarter. Reinsurance markets though, are a different -- really a different matter. The property cat market in particular was tightening in advance of Ian. And then as I noted in my prepared remarks, we're likely headed to a much more challenging January 1 reinsurance renewal. So with that, maybe I'll ask Dean to jump in on some of the details of what we're seeing in the market today.
John Q. Doyle: Sure, Dan. David, we're very, very pleased. We continue to be just absolutely pleased with the strat hiring that we did last year. Not only are they producing, but we did a lot of work as we are hiring these folks to make sure that they're a right cultural fit, and that's proven to be the case as well. So we started with world-class talent. We think the best talent in the markets that we serve, and these folks have made us better. We serve our clients and teams, and they've fit in very, very nicely at both Marsh and Guy Carpenter, where we did most of it. We did some of the hiring in Mercer as well. But Martin, maybe you could just talk about the productivity to the -- of the hires.
John Q. Doyle: So as you know, David, it's two to three years before they are fully productive. But we couldn't be more pleased with the progress to date.
John Q. Doyle: David, not at this point, and I would say I wouldn't expect that to happen. Of course, things are -- haven't even yet begun to settle, so there's a lot for us to learn. But as I noted in my prepared comments, this is a major, major loss, and so it will impact both the insurance and reinsurance markets, but principally in property.
John Q. Doyle: Yes, Yaron, I'm going to forecast the pricing environment for cyber. Price increases are moderating. I think you used the word improving, but I'm not sure our clients would -- at Marsh, would consider it an improving rate environment. We've had a lot of rate on rate. It's been a difficult market. What I would also note about cyber, well, ransomware, to some extent, I think, reflective of the reduction in ransomware in recent quarters. Underwriters have also responded to ransomware through higher retentions, lower limits, for example. Longer term, though, the cyber market is not near maturity. And so we're still working to bring more capital to the market, better solutions to the marketplace. But the cyber insurance market should be an area of growth for us for some time as we help our clients navigate the risks of a digital economy.
John Q. Doyle: Yes, Mike, happy to jump back in on this. Again, it's still quite early, and so I think most reinsurers and insurers are planning and trying to decide how to best deploy capital going forward. As we, Dean and Dan and I have all discussed, we expect some level of disruption. It's going to be a challenging market. But again, we're using the capabilities of our entire firm to bring solutions to the market. Data and analytics, new investors, new facilities. And in some cases, it may mean clients retaining more risk, both insurers but also our retail clients as well. And we're the global leader in managing captives on behalf of our clients, and so it's an example. Now some of our clients may be pushed by the market to do that, and some may choose just given what might be elevated pricing, may more elect themselves to retain more risk. So we're going to work with them to help all of our clients accomplish their risk management goals.
John Q. Doyle: Well, Mike, I think what you've seen over the last several years is cat losses have exceeded modeled estimates. So the market is underpriced, insurers and reinsurers broadly have underpriced the risk over that period of time, right. You can look at an extended period of time and, of course, get different outcomes. So the market is reacting to that. So you've also had an escalation of values that's happened in many cat-exposed markets as well. And then broadly speaking, inflation, creating some challenges.  So as I noted in my prepared remarks, we're heading to meaningful rate change prior to Ian in the 20%, 25% plus of range to cover inflation and against just the elevated weather-related events over the last several years. Now it's likely to, of course, be higher than that. And so in talking to reinsurers and insurers they're thinking about, again, about how to best deploy their capital going forward. They're in the business of taking these risks and will ultimately make choices about where to best deploy that capital. And what they're saying today is they want to reserve it for their best clients. On the reinsurance side, that might mean clients that they also support them in casualty and other lines as an example. And so thinking about Marsh for a second, it's an interesting market. We have a high net worth personal lines support inside of M&A, important business to us. This loss is going to be more of a small business and personal line loss, and so it won't impact our major accounts and really as much as other events have.
Mark McGivney: Jimmy, there was nothing unusual or one-time in the results. So as you noted, we have $4 million a year ago in the third quarter, it was 40 million in this third quarter and it just reflects the rise in global rates, so it's definitely a source of upside for us. Obviously, we have balances all over the world, and so we're dependent on rates moving in different jurisdictions, but there's generally a trend up. And just remember, we've got over 10 billion of fiduciary balances on any given day, so 100 basis points equals 100 million of income.
Mark McGivney: Yes. Meyer, I don't -- even though interest rates have come up and obviously, the weighted average cost of capital for the firm has come up as a result, we tend to value balance and consistency in our approaches, and they've served us well over a long period of time. So even though things have gotten a little more expensive in economic terms, it isn't enough to make us change our fundamental views on capital allocation, capital structure, things like that. When it comes to M&A, we've held ourselves to much higher return standards than our weighted average cost of capital consistently, and we'll continue to do that. But I don't think there's anything about the current environment that makes us change our basic strategy.
Mark McGivney: Brian, it's just really too early to tell. There's so much that goes into that that calculation of the other net benefit credit. It's really not until we see, with Mercer's great help, of course, the outlook for expected returns and our year-end valuation that we really formulate a view on that. So I think when we were back together in January, I'll have a perspective then. 
Martine Ferland: Yes, for sure. And thanks, Meyer, for the question. For us at Mercer in terms of environmental and social and governance, actually, we can work with clients on all three fronts; low-carbon economy, the transitions, sustainable investment. We help clients wherever they are in their philosophy of investment and their objectives to look at the market and the best risk and rewards [ph]. So our clients invest for the long run, and they look at the risk elements of their investment. And it's with that length that we're looking at the ESG factors with them. We don't see that kind of demand and necessity to look at risk. I mean, all through the Q&A today, we have talked about climate risk, for example. So we need to figure -- factor these risks in when we look at investment in all our clients get the returns that they're looking for. Other elements, of course, CE&I, social minimum standards of benefit across the world, so we pay equity. We have a lot of work there with our clients that are focused very much on building diverse workforces and the whole governance elements around it. Whether it goes from executive compensation, to the way that they manage and govern their investment. Actually coming back to investment, it's been quite a rough year on the capital market this new year. But we've been working with clients and actually, we've been very busy on the -- consulting side of the house, in particular, to help client navigate that very intense headwinds and volatility in capital markets.
Martine Ferland: Yes. Thank you for the question, Robert. No, it's a good question. There's no doubt that coming out of the pandemic, the world of work has completely changed, and that has driven demand. But you look at all that's currently playing out, whether it's high inflation, it's labor shortage, it's emerging new skills that we have to help clients gravitate to reorganizing the way that you work. So we have talked before about the impact that recession has had in the past on the Career Services business. There's also the Career Product business, about half and half of revenue in that space. Career Product is actually more resilient through recessions. And Career Services, given the fundamentals that we see in the market today, we currently don't see any slowdown. Clients are really needing help to navigate all of the changes. We're not immune to a change in economic pace, but we rebound quickly, and we've -- we'll carry through. So, so far, so good.
Martine Ferland: Yes. No, thanks, Ryan. It has an impact. We commented on it, and as you can imagine, it's our what we call our OCIO business where we are paid in this point of the assets under management. It has been a very good business to us. It's been growing rapidly, but it is exposed to short-term volatility from capital markets. And based on the market value that we see at the end of Q3, we do expect a drag from capital markets to continue in the fourth quarter, as a reference, and I think we alluded to that in our script. In Q3, this has cost us about two points of margin at Mercer, four points on Wealth. [Multiple Speakers].
Martine Ferland: Yes. And we had 15% in Career and 10% in health, rounding this up. And also, it does help us on the DB [ph] consulting side where we consult with client when there's such impact on the capital market. Our portfolio is diversified, so that helps. We had also a great net -- coming to our funds, which will [Technical Difficulty].
