Dan Glaser: Yeah, I mean at the end, the aerospace business that we sold would have had a very negligible impact on the margin in this quarter. The reality of that business is that’s a very big fourth quarter business, but it’s a much smaller throughout other parts of the year.
Dan Glaser: Yeah, sure. As we said earlier, we expected margins to expand this year for the company and we set that going into the year and that is our expectation, so this was not a big surprise to us.I would caution everybody as we’ve done in the past, not to look at margins in any one quarter, but look over a length of time, either on a you know annual basis, rolling 12 months, etcetera, because there are puts and takes in every quarter that impact margins.You know when we talk about – we’re not going to detail individual cost savings and what’s dropping to the bottom line, although you know it’s fair to say that a lot of our cost saves in the $250 million or the at least $250 million will drop, because you know as you sited JLT ran their business at a lower margin than Marsh & McLennan did and our view is that we will bring the combined business to the margins of Marsh & McLennan and expand from that point in time, and that’s why you are seeing some expansion now.
Dan Glaser: Yes, so I’ll take that and then I’ll hand over to Peter to give us a little bit more. You know I’d start by saying Guy Carpenter has been a terrific performer on multi-levels for us in many years, and in fact this negative quarter is only their second negative quarter in the last decade. You know and you cited, new business was the primary feature and so it’s quite common in acquisitions.We even see it in much smaller acquisitions within Marsh & McLennan agency, where post acquisition there is a little bit of a low for a period of time and so its natural. And certainly from deal announcement through to closing there was a period where the pipeline was beginning to weekend. This is correctable, it’s not going to take years, but then again it’s not going to take weeks and so there’ll be a period of time that we work it through and we’ll get the pipeline going again. So it’s not something that we are overly concerned with.And I would say the new business both for Marsh and for Guy Carpenter is vitally important. You know if you are a primary broker as an example and if you’re not growing your base by 10% or 20% of new business every year, you’re going to go backwards. And so you know it gives you the magnitude of the hill that we climbed successfully in my view with our RAS overall. But Peter, want to add some more color to that.
Dan Glaser: The other thing I would just add is Carpenter did a really nice job in the quarter in delivering bottom line you know and that's going to be the focus over the next couple of years. There was quite a spread between respective margins in the businesses and now our first order of business is to achieve Carpenter style margins on the combined reinsurance business. So it's a bit more for Carpenter unlike some of the other businesses. It's a bit more of a bottom line earnings focus as opposed to topline. We want both, but I'm just giving you a little bit more of the focus.Next question please.
Dan Glaser: Yeah, no it’s a good. Certainly we've seen some revenue breakage, particularly in our I.S., but the magnitude of the revenue headwind for us was new business involved Marsh and Guy Carpenter. It’s just this fell more acutely in this particular quarter in Guy Carpenter.Now we modeled a lot of revenue breakage in the deals, so you know things are tracking along with our expectation and so from that standpoint it'll be an issue that will work through over the next couple of years, but ultimately we feel we will be able to in most circumstance overcome that headwind.
Dan Glaser: I mean London is where we have the most levels of overlap. I mean on the insurance side it’s the capital of the insurance world you know, and so from that basis you would expect to see more overlap in London than you would see in other parts of the world.Next question please.
Dan Glaser: Yeah, as you say, it is near on impossible to take something like that. What I can say is that there's no finer leadership team of this combined organization and that you know execution capability has been proven over a long period of time.As I mentioned before, this will not take years, but then again it won't take weeks either. This will be a period of time that we come together as one firm. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we are not operating as a single team in every geography and every line of business. That is a process you know, this is real life you know and so I would say that even given that headwind that we’ll have to absorb and overcome over the coming months, I would not trade strategic positioning with any other firm in our competitive space.We have a mountain of talent and we will be able to deliver you know very interesting solutions to clients in the future years, so the best is certainly yet to come for this organization.Next question please.
Dan Glaser: Yeah, I think your basic premise there Meyer is not right. It's probably right in a lot of industries, but the reality is new business can be even more profitable. The marginal profitability is the mix account in our industry is quite high, because we're putting new revenue on existing infrastructure. We don't necessarily have to go out, hire new people, do more technology, etcetera. We can add revenue onto the existing expense base and so new business is profitable.
Dan Glaser: Well, thank you for remembering we've got other parts of the company. John, you want to talk a little bit about what's going on Marsh & McLennan Agency.
Dan Glaser: Yeah, I mean if you look at the JLT organization, you know it’s almost 50% in the U.K. So rather than, you know really broad EMEA, of course the U.K. has been our EMEA, but it’s pretty focused on the U.K. more than any other factors as being; that’s where most of the yield overlaps occur, that’s were a lot of the flow goes into the London market replacement. But overall when we look at the geographies, it’s business as usual in places like Asia Pacific and we’re just you know continuing very rapidly to integrate the teams and work with clients and prospects.And so you know, I want to make it clear that any of the revenue headwind that we have faced was completely anticipated and if you go back to when we first made the deal announcement in the last quarter we spoke about, there’ll be a period of choppiness you know and delivering a 4% level of growth for the company, you know in that period of choppiness I view as being, very acceptable to us.And in fact you know the 4% growth from Marsh & McLennan in the second quarter is the first time we actually hit 4% growth in the last five years. I mean the last time was second quarter of 2014 and so there has been a period of time, so we feel we are doing pretty well in the circumstances.
Dan Glaser: You know it’s hard to say, but I would say, the way to look at this is that the new business impact in terms of pipeline applies to both Marsh and Guy Carpenter. It was felt more acutely by Guy Carpenter partly because the size, relative sizes in quarters.You know the other thing that you have to know, the revenue breakage is likely to take longer due to materialize. Even though we’re seeing some revenue breakage now, there’ll be other revenue breakage in the future, particularly in areas like third party business as an example or clients that have a view of having multiple brokers and they had relied on JLT and Marsh or JLT and Guy Carpenter in the past.You know they’d want to go find another broker if they want to have two brokers if they view that as part of their approach to the market. And so, you know think of it more along the lines of the new business lag will be regenerated based upon the efforts of Marsh and Guy Carpenter to recreate business pipelines, get people working together and that is very solvable and the revenue breakages is a short term to midterm phenomenon that will be a bit of a headwinds for us over the next couple of years, but we believe and even in those circumstances we will be able to grow our business in the 3% to 5% range organically as a company and deliver margin expansion.Next question please.
Dan Glaser: Yeah, sure. So let me speak broadly for a second. As you mentioned cyber is a significant growth areas, viewed as one of the primary risk for almost all companies today regardless of where you’re located anywhere in the world and regardless of your size. You know everyone concerned with cyber, and certainly within our risk and insurance services business it’s one of our fastest growing practices and has been over the last several years and that to me is the road without end in terms of, you know there will be as the IoT and globalization continues and the technological advances and the pace of technological advance just continues to accelerate, we will see more and more risk exposure and risk awareness around that level of connectivity, and certainly Marsh and Guy Carpenter will be very helpful.Turning to your question on consultants, I’ll hand over to Scott McDonald, first at Oliver Wyman to address it, but Scott.
Dan Glaser: Brian, from your lips to God’s ears. I mean at the end – as we said many times before you know Oliver Wyman over like the last five years has been our fastest growing operating company on a CAGR basis, but it also has the most volatility.And so I think you have to look at a longer term period of time in order to evaluate their growth, in mid to high single digit is where they tend to grow over long stretches of time, but Scott you wanted to price me to the up-side or the...
Dan Glaser: Sure. So yeah, we clearly put into place a retention program for the combined company. You know at it includes people who are critical to our future, whether they work for JLT or whether they work from Marsh & McLennan. Obviously those were a little bit weighted towards JLT, because we wanted to you know have people give it a real chance.The program as you would expect is a multiyear program, and so it’s really more like a three year cliff-based retention program and we – it is in our deal model, we put a significant amount of – there is no significant impact in any quarter, you know since it’s over a three year period. And I would just say you know, that program is not viewed in our way as part of the cost saving program; that is more a securing the organization, securing future growth.You know yeah, I do want to say that because I know that a couple of you have had mentioned in the past that you’ve been reading about some level of staff departures from JLT etcetera and – as I said in my script, we’re evaluating the acquisition across three dimensions, really broadly on growth. So growth in power and capabilities, revenues, earnings, etcetera, expense savings clearly and also talent retention and we are satisfied across all three. Specifically on talent retention, sure there’s some people who have left who we would have preferred that they stayed with the organization.However you got to put that in context, the overall level of JLT voluntary turnover in the second quarter of 2019 is very consistent with the overall level of voluntary turnover within JLT in the second quarter of 2018 you know and so it’s running a little bit higher in the U.K. and it’s actually running lower than last year in the rest of the world. So in the context of talent retention, broadly we are quite satisfied.Next question please.
Dan Glaser: Thank you, operator and thanks to everybody for joining us on the call this morning. I wanted to express my gratitude to our 76,000 colleagues for the commitment and hard work that they’ve shown, as well as to our clients for their support.We had two core priorities in the second quarter; first to provide world class service to our clients and second, to begin the successful integration of JLT and I’m delighted with the progress that we’ve made on both fronts.I’ve seen firsthand how hard our colleagues have been working and the dedication they’ve shown to our company. We are building something special here and it is the trust and confidence of all of our clients that makes that possible.Thank you all very much and I look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
Mark McGivney: So a couple of things. One, when we think long term what we said before is we have been growing in the 3% to 5% range annually for the last decade and so until we are able to break out of that range, you know you are what your results say you are and we’ve been performing in that 3% to 5% range. That’s not to say we view our long term growth possibilities as somehow parameter based or bucketed within that range you know. We have aspirations to grow more than that clearly.Now, we have proven over a long period of time that we are able to grow margins within 3% to 5%, even when we are performing at 3% growth. I mean our key to expansion is the way we run the business, where revenue growth almost always exceeds expense growth and we’ve done that consistently. And so you know over a period of 12 years we are now in the 12th consecutive year of margin expansion. So I feel comfortable that this leadership team will be able to continue to grow margins by growing our revenue faster than growing our expense into the future.Next question please.
Mark McGivney: Yaron, I think if you refer back to the supplemental materials that we passed out and its why in my commentary I highlighted the seasonality. I would use 2018 as a decent baseball, and I don’t think there was anything unusual in JLTs results quarter-to-quarter. And the third quarter was seasonally weak estimates. If you look back to that statement, they actually had negative NOI in the third quarter just because of the different revenue.
Mark McGivney: Dave, I think what Dan said is right. It actually is – I t’s pretty remarkable if you go back to what we talked about last September and see how closely things are tracking in the aggregate. As I said earlier, at a high level we’re tracking very closely to the initial expectations.There’s been a lot of puts and takes. So you know you pick up something in one category give it back in another, but when it comes to the amount of debt we issued, the interest cost that we paid on that debt, the cost savings, the amount of revenue headwind that we are facing, all of these are tracking really well and that’s why we’ve been able to stick with, this guidance that we are still in this category of modern solution this year, breaking in by year two and accretive in year three and also that we are seeing the margin expansion that we said we would this year. So everything’s tracking really well.
Peter Hearn: I think you’re absolute right, Dan. I mean, you know at least the reinsurance business typically has a long duration sales cycle and when you put any uncertainty or doubt into a buyer’s mind it’s going to impact the business pipeline, and that’s what we’ve seen from the legacy JLT business, and you know quite frankly what we’re doing is we are you know bringing the legacy JLT and Guy Carpenter sales processes together.We’ve had a very successful disciplined global sales model in Guy Carpenter, which has created you know significant results for us over the past 2.5 years and as Dan said, it’s not going to happen overnight, but in the short period of time we will ingratiate the JLT business into our business pipeline and grow it successful.
Peter Hearn: You know I think as DAN said in his comments, it's very specific to lines of business and geographies in some areas of the world. Take Florida, we saw significant increases at 61 on Japanese with the exposed metric, the exposed business, there were increases, but they were all responsive based on exposure and loss. They weren’t like it as we've seen in previous cycles.I think the other thing it's important to note to is that insurance and reinsurance pricing are sort of moving in synchronicity. It is in the top down reinsurance pricing being forced on the primary business, primary rates rising as reinsurance rights respond to the underlying growth of premiums as well.
Peter Hearn: Yeah, I mean you know this is an inherently volatile business and buying decisions from one quarter the next can have an impact as we’ve seen. You know it probably was a function more of the market as it was buying decisions, because as the market is transitioning its taking longer and longer to price business and therefore renewals that should have happened in the second quarter are now leaning over into the third quarter.
John Doyle: Sure. You know as Dan noted in his prepared comments, the market moved a bit in the quarter. Most regions and products saw increases in rate changes compared to the first quarter.As I said on the last call, market’s more challenging for some clients than it’s been you know quite some time. Dan shared the high level data. You know what I would say is our index skews a bit to large accountant and larger accounts with complex risks are the accounts that are moving the most; you know pricing, lead umbrella, property CAT, you know all high single digit range globally. The U.S. and Australia and the U.K. wholesale market are the geographies with the highest level of increases.But I would say that you know the SME markets, the upper middle market, you know pricing is much more muted on average in effect. It’s in the low single digit range or even flat to down in some products and in some markets.So you know we’re seeing signs of lost cost inflation and exposure shifts in certain classes; DNO, EPLI, cyber, commercial order you are seeing an increase in frequency and severity. There's some very, very big losses in the market, so. You know the industry remains very well capitalized, but some are reducing their risk appetite and moving attachment points and moving pricing. So you know that’s what we see at March here.
John Doyle: Sure. M&A had a strong quarter and remains quite active in the M&A market and in fact you know MMA is our priority in the near term as we integrate JLT. There is a good pipeline. You know we've earned a favorable reputation, we are broadening our commitments and you know it gives us a really good shot, in many cases the first look you know at some really high quality firms that are in the market.You know we closed on Bouchard in Florida in the middle of the first quarter. We closed on Lovitt & Touche in Arizona, based in Arizona on April 1. You know both were top 100 firms in the United States, high quality businesses with really, really terrific leadership so, and we have a good strong pipeline you know as we look for as well, so we're excited about the prospects there.
John Doyle: Sure, you know I think as the market, you know the overall market pricing dynamic has had some positive impact on the revenue growth of the company. But, as you know, most of the price increases are happening in this segment of market where we are paid largely on fees. So you know some of the business that migrates, the London market, so you know we get some wholesale left in that marketplace.You know I think the improved growth trajectory of Marsh over the last couple of years is also come, you know as our retention has improved and our fee business has improved as well. So we’re getting a little bit less from the market for sure, but I think we’re getting better as well.
John Doyle: Mark mentioned in his prepared comments, we’ve had a good run in the U.S. results. They have been consistently at the high end of our revenue range. You know I mentioned earlier, MMA had good strong growth, on both P&C and EHB [ph] so I was quite pleased with that. I mentioned the pricing dynamic, you know a very, very modest price increases in the MMA portfolio, so not a big driver of the outcome, but it helps a bit.Marsh U.S. also has very, very strong new business after you know really an outstanding new business quarter in the second quarter of 2018, so I was quite pleased there.Our MGA operation in U.S. Victor had a nice quarter, and our captive management business also had a strong quarter in the United States. So overall I was quite pleased with the results in the U.S.
