Dan Glaser: Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our second quarter results reported earlier today. I'm Dan Glaser, President and CEO of Marsh & McLennan. Joining me on the call today is Mark McGivney, our CFO; and the CEOs of our businesses, John Doyle of Marsh; Peter Hearn of Guy Carpenter; Martine Ferland of Mercer; and Nick Studer, of Oliver Wyman. Also with us this morning is Sarah Dewitt, Head of Investor Relations. I'd like to welcome Nick who became CEO of Oliver Wyman, July 1. Nick has led many of Oliver Wyman’s major practices in his 23 years with the business and look forward to seeing Oliver Wyman continue to grow and thrive under his leadership. On behalf of the Executive Committee, I also want to thank Scott McDonald for his many contributions during his distinguished  career at the firm. Marsh & McLennan had an outstanding second quarter.  We have a well-positioned and benefiting from an abundance of opportunities. We are stronger and have broader capabilities .  benefiting from what may be the strongest economic rebound, nearly four decades led by our largest region, the U.S. There is high demand for our advice and solutions in this time of uncertainty and in the face of challenging market conditions.  We are seeing a  to quality and stability, which is contributing to high levels of business growth and client retention. And it's helping us attract talent. And there's a long runway for growth as we think about major protection gaps around the world, new emerging risks, digitization, workforce of the future and under penetrated market such as small commercial. We are focused on capitalizing on these opportunities and I am proud of our execution in the quarter. We generated record second quarter revenue and earnings, the best underlying growth of any quarter in two decades  for an excellent year. The strength of our results was brought based with each of our businesses and virtually all of our major geographies, seeing an acceleration in growth. Our adjusted EPS increased by an impressive 33% and we generated margin expansion despite challenging expense comparisons.
Dan Glaser: So, we obviously, as Mark was saying, we've got momentum, and we feel very good about how we're positioned, and we're not that fearful about the economy. We are fearful about continuing waves of COVID, but, you know, the economies have adjusted somewhat in many parts of the world and are more resilient certainly than they were in the spring of 2020. And so the impact, economic impact won't be as severe as what we've seen, even with continuing waves of COVID. I mean, last quarter Elyse, we said that 2021 growth would be at the high-end of our 3% to 5% range and possibly higher. I think at 9% underlying growth through six months, it's safe to say that we're in the higher category. You know, we feel very good about our position. We're going to have a very good year. And 2021 is just going to set a new base for us. We intend to grow revenues and earnings in 2022 as well. So, this is not going to be a one-year wonder.
Dan Glaser: Well, I'll start by saying that we absolutely expect margin expansion in the year, and this will be our 14th consecutive year of margin expansion. Margins are an outcome of how we run the business. I mean, we grow our revenue every year at a pace that's faster than how we grow our expenses. I think you may be overly optimistic about T&E really roaring back in the back half of this year. I think it's going to be very gradual, and slow, actually. And I think that companies, not just Marsh & McLennan will travel with more purpose and will be more thoughtful about traveling. And I think clients will expect the same of providers like ours.  And so, you know, we do expect and hope that over time, you know, T&E gets back to, kind of 2019 levels, but we may be quite a way away from that point-in-time. You know, we were very pleased with our margin expansion in the quarter. And as you said, that was driven by our top line like that's where it largely came from. And it helped us – that strong top line helped us overcome a comparable, which was a minus 5% expense . I mean, look at look at our –  are up 30 bips, but that's on top of 430 bips margin expansion in the second quarter of last year. So, we like where we are. We will grow margins for the year. It may not be every quarter, don't know that right now, but ultimately we feel good for the year. Next question please.
Dan Glaser: Yeah. The high levels of growth were not just because of easy comps at all. I mean, Guy Carpenter’s comp was a 9 last year, you know, March was a 1. So, it was not exactly layoffs in terms of comps. I think that the real momentum right now, and the U.S. economy is getting stronger,  is well behind us and the combined organization is emerging from the pandemic stronger than what we went in and focus on our front foot. New business generation was terrific across the businesses. And our growth was broad based. Retention is strong, pricing is a tailwind, and we're benefiting from disruption and flight to quality and stability. So, there are a lot of factors that are that are underpinning our revenue growth, and we feel very good about revenue growth into the future.
Dan Glaser: We're not catching up with , every year is its own adventure. And ultimately, as we've said before, we start every period believing in a balanced approach to capital management, not that we'll spend the same money in each of our three principal buckets of dividend, and acquisition and share repurchase, but we don't have an approach that waited to one versus the other. And so share purchase in large part is a function of what our acquisition activity looks like, you know, every year might not be perfectly balanced, but the first half was pretty balanced.  I mean, our uses of 478 million of dividends, 434 of share repurchases, and 473 of acquisition. So, it is a balanced approach and I think you’ll see that from us. I mean, at the end, as Mark was saying, we have 3.5 billion or more to deploy. We are a cash generation type of company. So, this is again, not a one-year wonder. This is an every year, we're going to put money toward our dividend. We're going to grow our dividend. We're going to acquire high quality firms and we're going to buy back our own shares. I mean that's going to be year-after-year.
Dan Glaser: It's a good question, David. And we certainly are going to realize a number of efficiency gains over the next several years. And that's just, as you mentioned real estate more purposeful, T&E or traveling in general and hopefully  as well. Also, you know, we've been undergoing some significant modernization projects on technology and on operations, and so that – that will benefit us more in the future than it's doing right now. The biggest growth in our expenses frankly is compensation. And I think that's a good thing is, our variable cost is going up along with our growth.  We're in the market, we're hiring. I mean, the first six months of this year, our headcount has grown nearly 2000. Most of that is coming within Marsh, as they're capitalizing on the opportunity they see with their two biggest competitors having some element of distraction and uncertainty. So, you know, at the end, it's more expense related to headcount and expense related to compensation that's where the growth of expense is coming from. And we feel pretty good about that, you know, we can manage that over time. But we’re in the market right now. You know, building our business and building on already the industry leading pool of talent we already have.
Dan Glaser: I think talent begets talent. You know, people are attracted to work in environments with smart, creative, dedicated people. And the more people like that you have the more talent you attract. It's clear that the issues of Willis in particular, in Aon, are creating a short-term opportunity that will run its course one way or the other. I mean, I was just looking at the stats recently are hiring from Aon and Willis post, the announcement is three times higher on a net basis than it was in the 16 months prior to the announcement. So that's not going to run forever, but ultimately, we're doing our best to continue to build  and capabilities within our already formidable firm. Next question please.
Dan Glaser: I think the flight to stability indicates that our account protection levels in our new business are higher than they otherwise would be. So, that would be a benefit in not only revenue, but a benefit to margins because the revenue is higher than it would otherwise be. It's not having an impact on expense.
Dan Glaser: No. It had no impact. Our philosophy in M&A is basically we like buying firms that are high quality with a leadership team generally remains in place, and recurring revenue streams, high cash generation, low capital requirements, and a history of success that sets it up for us, and then it’s really getting to know each other over a long stretch of time and figuring out, it's not us buying, and it's not them selling, we're deciding to come together. We believe the outcome for our clients and our people will be better together than separate. And that's the approach. Pipeline remains strong for us, throughout our businesses.  In fact, you know, last year was the highest acquired revenue within Marsh & McLennan agency, which as you know, has been more than a decade long, in terms of strategy building. So, we feel very good about that. I mean, obviously, there's a lot of capital in the world. So, you know, multiples are higher than what we would like. And we need to be very selective and very careful in our evaluation of pro forma results, because most of the companies we've looked at are private. But our strategy for a long period of time has been more of a string of pearls, not something where it is one mega type of acquisition, but it's building the company's capabilities.  Geographic have, you know,  JLT was an anomaly in some ways and it was perhaps our biggest acquisition in history. And  that acquisition, because we have been cultivating a broad relationship, for a long period of time. We were coming together, because we thought the combination was going to be better for clients, and you're seeing a manifestation of that. Growth is better, because of our combination with JLT, particularly in our specialty operation. And so, you know, that's, kind of where we are. Our thoughts on M&A have not changed.
Dan Glaser: This is the  of business growth that we've seen, certainly, since I've been at the company. And so it is occurring in many different spots. And I would put it down to that one of our fundamental growth market, risk strategy and people, you know, companies whether you're in a large account segment, the middle market segment, as a small segment, if you work for an organization or government, you have to focus on those three things. They're completely relevant to how you approach the business. We've got competitive advantages that starts with the quality of our people, our culture. Large capabilities that got even further gone in through the acquisitions we've done over the last number of years, most notably JLT. And our global footprint, those are competitive advantages.  We don't have a lot of competitors in any way that can match up to those advantages. And we continue to acquire best-in-class businesses. Our number one focus is on quality, and history of success. And so that's particularly in middle market brokerage. And we've got all kinds of opportunities. We spoke about cyber, and climate in our scripts, for digital, small commercial, you know, risk awareness in general is much higher. And so, you know, we're – as I've mentioned before, the pandemic maybe brought us closer than we ever were before. We're more connected. We're more collaborative than ever before. And we're leveraging our combined strengths like never before. So, all of those factors come together and we are a more formidable force in the market. And we're going to win business. And you know, that's going to continue.
Dan Glaser: Okay. Well, that's a first. Okay, but I appreciate everyone joining us on the call this morning. I want to thank our 70,000 colleagues for their commitment, hard work, and dedication to Marsh & McLennan, and I look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thank you very much.
John Doyle: Sure. Brian, thanks for the question. As Dan and Mark both mentioned, we certainly benefited from the economic rebound, relatively soft prior year , proud of that growth in the second quarter last year during the . The pricing environment, Dan talked about it a little bit in his remarks earlier, about 50% of our revenue is sensitive to PNC pricing. While rate increases have come down modestly, compared to the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year, they held really where we're sensitive to pricings, where we get commission, but it's from a number of different areas. But I also want to emphasize that we executed really well in the quarter.  Our team is even as strong as it's ever been. They're highly engaged, focused on delivering for our clients. And the market remains challenging. It's, you know, again, while rates aren't nearly as much as they were before, they are quite difficult. I do think, you know, there's been a bit of catch up. You know, in some markets, there's a fair amount of new business. In our results, so whether it's in transaction risk in cyber or in construction, there are examples of where that is the case. But again, we're very pleased with the results in the quarter.
John Doyle: Sure. You know,  it's largely focused on specialty capabilities. And the most part we use wholesalers when we need to access certain markets, certain specialty insurance,  in particular, respect their distribution access to certain  brokers. For the most part that happens in the United States, almost no utilization for us. Like I say in the United States, risk kind of originated from the United States. To some extent it happens in the London marketplace as well, but we have a preferred a relationship with a couple of other specialty wholesalers and focus our efforts making sure we're delivering the same quality outcome for our clients that we came back from utilizing our own teams.
John Doyle: The market shares is a hard thing to measure. I've read some estimates of personal insurance premiums will grow about 10% this year. So, if you use that as a proxy for the market then, you know then, yes, we cannot share. You know, I mentioned earlier, we're picking up some new business, you know  construction, primarily. Our win rates are up  when I look at the success in RFPs, it's up compared to historical levels, and the number of offensive RFPs, defensive RFPs is considerably better, which it's been passed. All I think speaks to the quality of the time. And at the same time, we're investing in talent that's going to drive the future growth. So, we’re , we have good momentum, and we're excited about what that means for us .
