J. Michael Bischoff: Thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, revenue increased 7% to $3.3 billion or 5% on an underlying basis. Adjusted operating income grew 11% to $656 million, the highest level of second quarter profitability in our history. The consolidated adjusted margin rose from 19.2% to 19.8%. GAAP EPS increased 12% to $0.77, and adjusted EPS increased 10% to $0.79. As we highlighted on last quarter's call, we anticipated that this quarter would be impacted by a meaningful reduction in investment income and, within the Risk and Insurance Services segment, the impact of planned expense growth and the negative effects of foreign exchange. The adverse FX impact was slightly less than the $0.02 we have projected since several major currencies strengthened against the U.S. dollar. In the third quarter, we expect foreign exchange to impact Risk and Insurance Services by the same magnitude as this quarter. Investment income. We had an investment loss of $2 million this quarter compared with investment income of $23 million in the prior year, a reduction of $0.03 per share on a year-over-year basis. For modeling purposes, we'd like you to note that any investment income from Trident III that may occur in the last half of this year will most likely be offset by corporate initiatives. As you may recall, income from Trident III only represents our general partner carried interest. And the timing of this we do not control. In the second quarter, MMC issued $600 million of 3.5% 10-year senior notes. This allowed us to fund the July debt maturity of $320 million. By refinancing at attractive interest rates, the average cost of our debt has declined 60 basis points over the past year. Taxes. Our effective tax rate was 27.6% in the second quarter. As you know, the tax rate can fluctuate from quarter to quarter, reflecting our geographic mix of earnings, tax settlements, completion of open tax years and the impact of changes in international and/or state tax rates. For example, in the second quarter, we completed the federal tax audit with the IRS for the 2012 tax year. Since we expect our tax rate to be approximately 30% for the remainder of this year, the effective tax rate for the full year should be around 29.5%. Our 34% interest investment in Alexander Forbes will cost $312 million. This investment will occur in 2 tranches, with approximately 15% completed last week and the remaining 19% subject to normal regulatory approvals, which should occur during the third quarter. Consistent with the guidance we offered at Investor Day, CapEx for this year is trending at about $400 million, with $202 million spent year-to-date. Approximately 2/3 of this spend relates to technology and systems and about 1/3 is for real estate. These investments are enhancing growth, improving efficiency, expanding client and colleague capabilities and reducing real estate cost as we consolidate office locations when leases expire. We follow a balanced capital management philosophy: reinvestment in each of our businesses for growth and return of capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase. Cash was $2 billion at the end of the second quarter, consisting of $1.66 billion held internationally and $340 million in the United States. Cash utilized in the second quarter included $138 million for dividends, $72 million for 3 acquisitions and $250 million to repurchase 5 million shares of our stock. This marks the ninth consecutive quarter of share buybacks. For the first 6 months of this year, we have deployed over $1 billion for dividends, acquisitions and share repurchase. As we communicated at Investor Day, we plan to grow both organically and through quality acquisitions. We will consistently return excess capital to shareholders, both through double-digit growth in dividends and meaningful share repurchase. We're committed to reducing our share count year-after-year. Overall, looking at both our financial and operating performance, a very strong first half of the year. Looking forward, we expect adjusted EPS growth in the second half of the year to exceed the 10% growth we reported in the first 6 months. We are on target to deliver strong EPS growth for the full year. With that, I am happy to turn it back to Dan.
J. Michael Bischoff: And I would just add on our foreign exchange modeling. Obviously, the currencies can move dramatically across the dollar. But from the beginning of the year, we essentially gave guidance, and then we updated that guidance in the first quarter earnings call. It really did not change. And as I just indicated, our current modeling, despite marked movements in the euro and the pound, still indicates that the second and third quarters will feel the most negative impact for RIS. And in fact, every quarter, RIS, most likely, will feel foreign exchange negative impacts. So our view on the impact of foreign exchange has not changed. I would also point out that the -- just seasonally, the third quarter is the smallest for RIS, so foreign exchange may impact it slightly more in the third quarter vis-à-vis the second. But just to reiterate what Dan said, no, our view has not changed at all.
J. Michael Bischoff: Yes, I'd be more than happy to. And Jay, you're absolutely correct. Tax is a fairly complex topic. With regard to our peers, I won't comment too much on that. Obviously, we have peers that we're competing against that have a tax rate higher than we do, and we have peers that have a tax rate lower than we do. So we really do focus on what we can do and how we can manage it. I would say one thing is different than when we reported it in the second half of last -- in the second quarter of last year. In the second quarter of last year, we had given guidance to the investment community that our tax rate would be about 30% for the entire year. And over the course of the first 6 months, the tax rate was trending slightly lower than that. And we still said that it should be about 30% for the entire year. It's different this year. It's different this year in that we did have some discrete items. I did mention the larger one, which is that we completed the open year of 2012 with regard to our federal return with the IRS. And so our tax rate for the first half of the year was below the 30%. But as you could hear in my prepared remarks, we don't think we'll give any of that back. And so we're hopeful that our tax rate over the last 6 months would be 30%. So our effective tax rate will be 29.5%. That's the -- for the year. And that's the lowest that we've seen in many years, so we're encouraged by that.
J. Michael Bischoff: Excuse me, this is Mike Bischoff. I just want to get the math correct. We did $350 million of share repurchase in the first 6 months. We did $100 million in the first quarter and $250 million in the second quarter.
J. Michael Bischoff: Yes. Just to add clarity to that so there's no ambiguity. We are fairly clear on Investor Day. We were indicating that return of capital to shareholders would be about $1.3 billion. That would be comprised of dividends and share repurchase. Tracking through the first 6 months, dividends were $275 million, and shares, as I mentioned, were $350 million. You're absolutely right that Dan, in -- at Investor Day, indicated that we had kind of allocated in our own thinking about $800 million for acquisitions over the course of the year. Nice to report that our pipeline has been very robust. Our acquisitions through the first 6 months were $439 million. With the investment that you just heard us describe in Alexander Forbes, that's another $312 million. So we're roughly $750 million already against that $800 million that Dan articulated in Investor Day. So in every category, we're not only tracking but feel very good with regard to what we articulated at Investor Day.
J. Michael Bischoff: Yes, very good question. I think we generally indicated that we have about $1.4 billion of international cash going into the year dedicated on a permanently invested basis. And you can see with regard to Alexander Forbes, that's one way that we plan to utilize international cash. With regard to the U.S., yes, we do have repatriation strategies. We look at it over multiple years. As you know, the main driver of need for cash in the U.S. is for share repurchase and dividends, in addition to funding the acquisitions in the U.S., predominantly MMA. And then specifically to your question, which is does the 30% tax rate guidance for the last 6 months and 29.5% for the entire year include the repatriation of funds that we need from our international operations into the U.S. for these purposes that I just mentioned? And the answer is yes, it does.
J. Michael Bischoff: Yes, I -- once again, I won't mention our rate of CapEx compared to competitors because they may have their own needs. But with regard to us, our CapEx spending did increase fairly significantly from the levels of '09, 2010 and building up to where it was in 2013 and 2014, tracking at about $400 million. And like I've said, about 2/3 of that is in technology for, really, IT upgrades. There's finance transformation. We have new fiduciary revenue and billing systems not only in the U.S. but introducing that in the U.K. We have data centers and client analytics. And so we really have been spending over the last several years to make MMC even stronger and more efficient with expanded client and colleague capabilities. The other roughly 30% is, as I mentioned, reducing our global real estate footprint, more efficiency, collocations, cost savings and also putting in the smart office concepts for our colleagues.
J. Michael Bischoff: Yes. No, actually, it will be the equity method of accounting. So it will be the earnings of Alexander Forbes. And then our proportional share, which will be 34% when we complete the tranche in this quarter. And then it will be tax affected. And then it will be added to the revenue each quarter for Mercer.
J. Michael Bischoff: No, Dan. I think that's well said. It's a balance. We're improving and have improved our credit metrics, but we can continue to improve our credit metrics even with this steadily -- well, not steadily but beginning to expand the overall debt on our balance sheet. And that's, obviously, only one issue of leverage. It has to do with the pension obligations, present value of our operating leases, and we've worked very diligently on those areas as well. So as Dan said, it's a balance.
Alexander S. Moczarski: Sure. Thank you very much. So yes, echoing what Dan has said, we've been -- it's now 5.5 years where we haven't gone backwards in any quarter. So 22 quarters without going backwards, which I think is a testament to the strength of the management and the people that we have within the company and our relationships with our clients. And as we've said in Investor Day, we've continued to look at bringing new products, new services into our portfolio. And we've also executed on segmentation, which we talked about. So we're widening our net. We have many more smaller clients than we had before. We've invested in people. We've actually increased our headcount probably around 140 people over the last year or so. Many of those are what we call strategic hires that relate to bringing in new business. Others are based on bringing in new services around our strategic advisory. Others are related to acquisitions that we've made in what we consider to be growth areas, like Accident and Health and Agriculture. And then finally, we have been able to bring in some very good people to look after the increased client base that we have because we have many more clients. So yes, rates have been coming down. But it's interesting because some companies have found that the contingent capital is very interesting. They're actually changing that strategy around buying reinsurance. Others are using some of their budget now to buy casualty reinsurance. So it's not a tale of woe, it's just -- it's around execution. It's around client relationships. It's around leaning forward. It's around investing. And I think we'll be able to show modest growth, mild growth for the rest of the year.
Alexander S. Moczarski: Yes, we had very good new business. And that's -- again, that's part of 2 things, really. It's the segmentation strategy, it's focusing to get the right products to the right type of clients and going into areas where we -- perhaps, we had some business, but we didn't realize how strong it was, and so we've created a segment around it, and we've focused people on it. That's been very effective. And our retention has been good as far as clients. We haven't lost -- no, I don't -- I could name maybe one that we've lost in the last quarter. So all in all, good retention, good new business and selling new product.
Alexander S. Moczarski: I would say I'd echo again what you said. I'd maybe say that there's been changes in the brokerage structure within the marketplace, okay, and that's brought some changes. The other thing -- the other reason why we might get a -- lose a piece of business -- but actually, we haven't been losing -- but when a piece of business is because there's a change in management in one of the insurance companies or change in ownership. And there's been some of that going on. So -- but I don't see any major change or shift in the landscape that you might be questioning.
Daniel S. Glaser: Thank you, Alex. So Elyse, just to summarize that, it's -- it won't be a banner top line year for Guy Carpenter, but we do expect to see growth over the entire year.
Daniel S. Glaser: It's very similar to where we were a few months ago. So nothing's really changed on that front. I mean, let me just address RIS margins in general because our view is we will continue to expand margins over time, while we invest for future growth. The level of margin improvement is going to move around and vary a bit based upon where the top line is and the pace of our investments, which can be lumpy from time to time. This year, in particular, we expect good revenue and good earnings growth in RIS but slight margin expansion for the year.
Daniel S. Glaser: That's absolutely right. I mean, when I -- to be frank, I don't spend 5 minutes worrying about our margins or our ability to expand margins in the future. And when I look at our raw absolute margins in RIS, even though they were down 20 bps, they were up 170 bps in the second quarter of 2013, and they're up 20 bps through the 6 months this year. And then when I look at just the absolute amount, 25.4% through 6 months, in my mind, is very competitive in the marketplace. And so it's really about how do we take this terrific business and grow it faster both on the top line and on earnings while maintaining and improving our margins over time.
Daniel S. Glaser: And then I think it's important to reiterate, Jay, what Alex had said earlier as well, that even though this is a slow growth environment for Guy Carpenter, we believe Guy Carpenter is absolutely one of the jewels in our crown. And we are continuing to invest. Guy Carpenter, over the last several years, it's been our fastest grower, they're competitive in the market, they've got a great leadership team, and in many ways, they've become the employer of choice. And so from our basis, we're continuing to grow the top line. The numbers that -- the headcount, the numbers that Alex had referred to earlier in the call when he was talking about more than 100 different hires, that represents 6% or so of Guy Carpenter's headcount. So you can see, in the last 12 months, we've made a bet on Guy Carpenter and the reissuance business in general.
Daniel S. Glaser: Sure. I mean, in the RIS segment, when I look over the last, really, 5 years or even slightly longer, virtually, in every quarter, revenue growth for RIS exceeds expense growth. That's a discipline of the company. It's a philosophy of the entire firm, and it's how we operate the business. And so it is not that we intend for that to reverse. Sure, there may be the odd quarter here or there where we get upside down. But believe me, we won't stay upside down. Now if I look on the expense side for the whole company, including RIS, we've been operating in a managed expense environment all the way through the financial crisis and its aftermath. And so if you look at the last 8 quarters, our expense growth this quarter at 3%, it's actually the highest expense growth we've had in the last 8 quarters. But certainly, 3% is not a worrying trend to us from that standpoint. And we expect RIS to continue to invest as they see necessary in order to generate future growth.
Daniel S. Glaser: I mean, I would look at a couple of things on this basis. First of all, the margins are far from flat in our Consulting segment. I mean, the overall segment was up 160 basis points in the quarter, and that's on top of 120 basis points in the second quarter of last year. The 16.2% margin in the quarter, the highest quarter that we've had in our recognition but certainly over the last 20 years. So there's been tremendous margin expansion in the Consulting segment not only last year, but we've got growth-on-growth this year. And both -- Oliver Wyman, we don't break out our margins by operating company because it is a Consulting segment, but I can say, Oliver Wyman and Mercer have both contributed to the margin expansion within Consulting.
Daniel S. Glaser: Well, yes. I mean, but -- and the thing is what we outlined on Investor Day in terms of that $2.1 billion and sort of the, let's say, the hold we had with regard to our expectations around acquisitions, leaving $1.3 billion or so available for dividends and share repurchase, that's as good a number as any for you to use right now. I mean, it certainly, in our expectation, won't be less than that amount.
Daniel S. Glaser: And thanks, Kai, because it really is a good question. And like we said at Investor Day, even if we go over our placeholder of $800 million, we don't expect that, that would impact the $1.3 billion that we're thinking about in terms of share repurchase and dividend.
Daniel S. Glaser: No, I think what Mike was alluding to is, particularly in RIS, the third quarter is our smallest revenue quarter. And so expenses, some of which are straight line throughout the year, tend to look a little bit higher. We always have our lowest margins in the third quarter, and that's been the case for many, many years. And so that -- but there's nothing that is anticipated which is changing the trajectory. And as Mike mentioned earlier, we're expecting a better second half of the year from an earnings growth standpoint.
Daniel S. Glaser: I would say -- and it's Dan here, speaking for Scott. I would say moderating growth means to the mid- to high single digits at least in my business plan and, hopefully, in Scott's.
Daniel S. Glaser: I mean, the Consulting margins have been rocketing forward over the last 2.5 years. And really, that's down to the leadership team and everyone getting behind the idea of running the business more like an overall advisory and transactional firm and less like a pure consulting firm. And so they -- we've made tremendous strides in running the business from that standpoint. We -- when we look forward over not only the back half of the year but in the future, we believe both of our segments have the ability to grow their margins. And so that is a focus of the company a little bit more so these days in Consulting than in RIS. But overall, I would say, for both segments, the primary interest of ours is growing organic revenue, followed by growing earnings and margin expansion as an outcome of us growing our revenue at a faster pace than growing our expenses.
Daniel S. Glaser: Okay. So a couple of things. One, the U.K. plans both have assets and liabilities above GBP 4 billion, which makes them the largest within MMC. Our goal in the U.K. -- and you're right that we recently made a change. Actually, it's effective, I believe, August 1. But we recently decided upon a change, in consultation with our colleagues in the U.K., to move from a defined benefit plan to close it and freeze it and move to a DC plan. And our goal in the U.K. was not to achieve cost savings. So let me just tell you that right off the bat. Our objective was to create a DC plan, which is highly competitive in the market, consistent and fair to all colleagues and which reduce risk over time for MMC. And we believe we've achieved that. Now in terms of other plans, we periodically review our plans to assess market competitiveness, consistency across MMC, risk, costs, all of those things. But right now, we have no current plans to amend any of our other DB plans at this point in time.
Daniel S. Glaser: The -- any savings on large DB plans are driven more by interest rate movements and discount rate movements, a little bit of asset returns, that sort of thing as opposed to whether you're a DB or DC. The cost to the company for providing the benefit is actually quite similar. And we did have benefits in terms of mitigating -- essentially closing the DB plan and freezing it. We did receive a curtailment gain, which we cycled back largely to the colleague base in the U.K. in terms of mitigating the impact on some of our colleagues. So there's really no material financial impact based upon that change.
Daniel S. Glaser: Thanks, Peter. And I think that about does it for the call. So I'd like to thank you all for joining us on the call this morning. I'd also like to thank our clients for their support and our colleagues for their hard work and dedication in serving them. Have a good day.
Peter Zaffino: Sure, Dan. Thanks. Well, MMA is a very consistent story, continues to drive organic growth. We've done 39 acquisitions since 2009, and our annualized revenue is closing in at around $650 million. We did 3 acquisitions in the second quarter. Dan mentioned in his opening comments one in North Carolina, the largest independent agency, Senn Dunn, which has a real balanced property and casualty employee benefits portfolio mix. And it's really becoming a core differentiator for us in the United States. If I could add one thing before handing it over to Julio is that the Alexander Forbes insurance acquisition has proven to be incredibly valuable for Marsh, giving us a footprint in sub-Sahara Africa. It's been a strong contributor in connecting our multinational clients, and so that has been a real differentiation for Marsh. And it's contributing to organic growth in the EMEA region.
Peter Zaffino: Sure. If I -- thanks, Dan. If I start with MMA, we look at some of the peer companies outside of the organization for middle market business, and they are performing at or above what we expect on organic growth. I mean, the U.S. and Canada division has multiple businesses in it, and therefore, it is a big contributor. But we also have the core U.S. business for brokerage. We have Canada. We have an MGA, a private client. We have a program business. We have a technology business in STARS. And they all contributed, perhaps, not all in the same quarter, but MMA has been a really steady contributor. We have been investing for organic growth as we outlined at Investor Day. And as we continue to expand our footprint, we feel we have more balance for that growth.
Peter Zaffino: Sure. I think when we talk about reinsurance, it's been primarily driven by property cat and property declines. When we look at our overall portfolio, we're in so many different countries across the world, that they all tend to have different dynamics based on mix of business, based on geographical footprint. But if I was to comment and see what's happening on pricing on the primary side, we have seen more reductions; nothing dramatic, but a modest reduction continuing in the second quarter. If I look at some of the regions, Latin America probably had pricing falling off the most but it's still low to mid-single digits. Line of business was really driven by property. Having said that, we're cautiously optimistic that we're seeing more exposure increase on the overall book of business. And so looking at total insured values, payroll in the U.S., sales across the world has been a modest offset to some of the modest price declines.
