Dan Glaser: Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our fourth quarter results reported earlier today. I’m Dan Glaser, President and CEO of Marsh & McLennan. Joining me on the call today is Mark McGivney, our CFO; and the CEOs of our businesses, John Doyle of Marsh; Peter Hearn of Guy Carpenter; Martine Ferland of Mercer; and Scott McDonald of Oliver Wyman. Also with us this morning is Sarah DeWitt, Head of Investor Relations. 2020 was a year like no other and Marsh & McLennan’s response and performance was nothing short of remarkable in these circumstances. The year was characterized by tough choices that we made as a business and as individuals. Our colleagues rose to the occasion and demonstrated resilience, courage, agility, collaboration and empathy in the face of the global pandemic and social unrest. Times like these validate our purpose to make a difference in the moments that matter for our clients, colleagues and communities, and we did exactly that. Our 2020 adjusted EPS growth of 7% is impressive in one of the worst economic recessions ever. Our strong financial performance also enabled us to continue to invest for the future. We continue to develop digital technologies to offer more robust client solutions. We made a number of strategic hires and achieved a record year of acquired revenue with MMA through eight acquisitions, with approximately 235 million of annualized revenue.  Looking forward, while the global pandemic will most likely dominate at least the first half of 2021, there are brighter days ahead. Our proprietary pandemic navigator model predicts that as vaccines are rolled out and we move closer to herd immunity, through natural immunity, infection case counts and vaccinations, the U.S. and UK could see a return to more normal patterns sometime in the back half of the year. As we emerge from the crisis, clients around the world can rely on our expertise, with the three areas that are critical for every organization, risk, strategy and people. The World Economic Forum's Annual Global Risks Report which was released last week and prepared with the support of Marsh & McLennan and other partners highlight some of the most likely and impactful risks facing the world today, and we are working with clients to navigate these issues.
Dan Glaser: Yes, it's a good question, Elyse. We were 3% to 5% growth on an underlying basis for 10 straight years before 2020. And so we feel that it's actually really positive that we're believing we will return to that 3% to 5% growth in 2021. The difference between RIS and consulting has more to do with what's happening in the global economy and macro factors, business confidence. Obviously, as demonstrated this year, the RIS business is a bit more resilient with higher levels of recurring revenues in the consulting business. But we're still hopeful actually that we will grow our consulting business in 2021 in both Mercer and Oliver Wyman, and that's actually our plan. We do expect that there would be more strength from the second quarter onwards, because the first quarter, you're basically comparing a pre-COVID world with a COVID world. And so there will be some challenges within that. But we've got some pretty decent momentum that we built throughout the year. And so we're expecting a good year in 2021. As we mentioned in the script, we expect that margin expansion for the year and we also expect solid adjusted EPS growth.
Dan Glaser: Our margin improvement in 2021 will in part be a function of where organic growth is. When we look at it, you say we did a pretty good job of the second quarter. My God, we rattled back expenses fast. Expense growth was down 5% in the second quarter, 4% in the third quarter. So I think it was a remarkable job. Not impacting the business itself, continuing to invest in the business, but managing our expenses aggressively and setting a very high bar for what was required in the midst of a real crisis, a real global crisis. And so the fourth quarter represents to us of getting back not quite to normal, but looking at pacing the way we normally would do. A little inside baseball in that we -- clearly we did a number of strategic hiring in the fourth quarter. We're actually up 500 or actually close to 500 headcount in the fourth quarter. And so we're positioned well for 2021. I'm not worried about quarter-by-quarter comparisons looking at 2021 versus 2020, because 2020 in a lot of ways is such a unique, bizarre type of year. So we're going to run our business the way we run our business as we usually do, where revenue growth exceeds expense growth in almost every quarter, and certainly in every year as it has done for the last 13 years. So, I know that the entire firm was very interested in doing our best to turn the page on 2020 and focus on 2021. And in the fourth quarter, we started really focusing on what that would mean. So I think we're positioned to grow decently in both. Whether our margin goes up in both segments or not, I'm not going to really talk about right now. Our expectation is that we will grow margins. Now, are we going to grow margins to the extent that we did as an overall company in 2020? Well, that would be a very tall ask, bearing in mind all the expenses that were pulled back in the second and third quarter.
Dan Glaser: It's a complicated question, but I think the answer is both. I do think we will return to a more normal pattern to where we look at revenue growth in the 3% to 5% area. Our expense growth for a number of years, four out of the last five years before 2020, was average – was not average. It was actually 2% growth. So our expense growth normally would be around 2% as it's been. Now some years it might be 3%, some years it might be 1%, but ultimately I think that's the more normal pattern. We do see the opportunity of certain things that we've learned during this year, during the year 2020 to continue. Clearly, when you think about things like where a business is filled with knowledge workers and subject matter experts, so remote working is manageable for us. So our choice of returning to offices is just that. It's a choice. We think it's better for the business. We expect our offices, physical offices to remain really the hub of activity in Marsh & McLennan. But having said that, we also think that over a period of a few years that we would be able to reduce our footprint a bit, and that would actually benefit shareholders but it would also benefit colleagues by making their life a bit more flexible and a bit easier. So certainly, that's an area of having a more actual real estate footprint is an example. We also operated much faster and more connected during COVID than we did previously. And there's an efficiency gain with that that we absolutely want to keep. I don’t think T&E. I think it's going to be a while before travel snaps back to the levels that we had in like 2019. And maybe it will be quite a while. I do expect people, once this COVID clears and the crisis is over, to return to travel to see markets and to see clients, but maybe we won't travel quite as much in the past like we used to, and maybe we won't jump on an airplane at a moment's notice. It could be more like, well, let's talk on Zoom, because everybody's used to that now. So I do think that there is lasting efficiency gain which will benefit shareholders in the post COVID world.
Dan Glaser: It's a good question, Phil. And it's a good catch. My expectation on the call for our third quarter was that expenses would kick in the fourth quarter, but they would still be negative on a year-over-year basis. And actually they're positive on a year-over-year basis. Our expenses grew 1.5% or 2% in the fourth quarter. So it was a bit of a surprise. There’s two factors underneath that. One, we didn't expect Oliver Wyman to grow in the fourth quarter and Oliver Wyman grew. And as I've mentioned before, they have the most variable compensation model. And so when they're growing, that's when we build in more on terms of variable comp. So that was something that we did. And the hiring that we did in the fourth quarter on the strategic recruitment side was higher than what we expected. We see a lot of opportunities out there. And as I mentioned, we're up nearly 500 headcount on a net basis in the fourth quarter. So that was a little bit more. So those are the two factors that contributed to us having expenses. It's important to point out, neither of those factors in and of themselves are one way. Certainly with the strategic improvement, we expect revenue over time as a result of building out our headcount as we've done for many years in a row. And the variable comp increase in OW to me is a good news story, because it's attached to growth. And so I would love for that to continue, because it would signify that we're growing the top line in Oliver Wyman.
Dan Glaser: Yes. At the end, I don't have the precise number for you. My view in it would be RIS weighted. But consulting, we intend -- if I look at our overall headcount for the total company in 2020, it is up slightly versus 2019. So it's not that we've emptied the cupboard and then we've achieved our margin expansion in 2020 in a way that's going to impact us negatively into the future. We are well prepared for a rebound. And certainly RIS had a very strong year and is the market leader. And so we are the employer of choice in the industry and we have a lot of opportunities to build our headcount with really quality subject matter experts and producing people as we go forward.
Dan Glaser: Well, it's an impossible question to answer without knowing the organic or underlying growth rate for 2021 in each of our businesses, because a fair amount of our expense growth is linkage with variable comp. Our bonus pool increased in 2020. In fact, the overall Marsh & McLennan bonus pool has never been higher than in 2020, because profitability was up considerably. And so what I look forward to next year or 2021 rather, I look at it and say, almost certainly revenue is going to exceed expense growth as it has for the last 13 years. It may not be in every quarter, but certainly that's how we run the business for a year. I think a lot of our expense pop in the fourth quarter was non-run rate. Some of it was, but a lot of it wasn't. And so I look at it pretty simply. For 10 years prior to COVID, we grew underlying revenue between 3% and 5% and we delivered an adjusted EPS CAGR over that decade of close to 12%. So ultimately, that's what we were playing for the idea that as long as we grow underlying revenue, we can run our business and the expense side of our business in a way to develop strong adjusted EPS growth, and that's kind of how I think about 2021.
Dan Glaser: I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call this morning. In closing, I'd also like to thank our colleagues for their hard work and dedication in 2020, which, of course, was a very challenging year. I want to thank our clients for their continued support. I look forward to speaking to all of you next quarter. Be well.
Mark McGivney: Thank you, Dan, and good morning. We're pleased with our fourth quarter and full year results, which was strong despite the challenges of 2020. We grew our top line, delivered solid earnings growth and entered 2021 with a strong balance sheet and liquidity position. Consolidated revenue increased 4% in the fourth quarter to 4.4 billion, reflecting underlying growth of 1%. Operating income was 571 million, while adjusted operating income was 855 million. Our adjusted operating margin decreased 60 basis points to 21.3%. GAAP EPS was $0.73 and adjusted EPS was $1.19. Looking at risk and insurance services, fourth quarter revenue grew 6% to 2.5 billion and was up 3% on an underlying basis, or 4%, excluding the impact of a decline in fiduciary interest. We are pleased with this excellent finish to the year, which demonstrates the strength and resilience of our business in the face of the pandemic. Adjusted operating income decreased 5% to 525 million and the adjusted margin contracted 220 basis points to 23.5%, reflecting the expected increase in expense in the fourth quarter.  For the year, revenue was 10.3 billion, an increase of 8% with solid underlying growth of 3%. Adjusted operating income growth for the year was impressive at 14%, and our adjusted operating margin in RIS increased 170 basis points to 28%. At Marsh, revenue in the quarter rose 7% to 2.4 billion increasing 4% on an underlying basis. In the U.S. and Canada division, underlying growth was 7% for the quarter and 5% for the full year, driven by strength across the portfolio. 2020 represents the third straight year of 5% or higher underlying growth in U.S. and Canada. In the international division, underlying revenue was flat in the quarter with Latin America up 3%, Asia Pacific up 1% and EMEA down 2%. For the full year, revenue at Marsh was 8.6 billion, an increase of 7% or 3% on an underlying basis.
Mark McGivney: Sure. Jimmy, your math is good. The 3.5 billion; your 1 billion for dividends, 0.5 billion in debt paydown and your remainder of 2 billion. As I said earlier and as we've said consistently, we favor acquisitions. And so as we think about that, that $2 billion bucket, the lean is going to be M&A. Our M&A pipeline is good. But I would say we do expect a meaningful amount of share repurchases. Just the exact amount is really going to depend on the strength of the M&A pipeline as we go through the year.
Mark McGivney: Yes. Jimmy, we’re the market leader. We don't compete an awful lot for assets in the marketplace in any kind of competitive bidding processes. At the end, the majority of companies that we acquire were in exclusive negotiations. And their decision oftentimes is, are they going to come with Marsh & McLennan or will they remain private. That is how it works on the majority of ours. So we're not chasing deals. And frankly, if a company is debating whether they should sell to us as a combination that would help them grow better and give better career path into their colleague base and they’re viewing that as to what about private equity as an example, as an alternative, then they were not ready for really that conversation. At the end, we like doing transactions in which we're not selling ourselves and they're not selling themselves. We're deciding in combination that working together will enable more flow for the combined operation on a go-forward basis. So we're highly selected. We're not doing dozens and dozens of deals, as you see that takes place out there in the market. And as I said, most of our acquisitions were in some element of exclusive discussion.
