Dan Glaser: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our first quarter results reported earlier today. I'm Dan Glaser, President and CEO of Marsh & McLennan. Joining me on the call today is Mark McGivney, our CFO; and the CEOs of our businesses, John Doyle of Marsh; Peter Hearn of Guy Carpenter; Martine Ferland of Mercer; and Scott McDonald of Oliver Wyman. Also with us this morning is Sarah Dewitt, Head of Investor Relations. Marsh & McLennan had an outstanding start to 2021. Our first quarter results were excellent, and we are well positioned for a very good year. Even though the pandemic is ongoing, our underlying revenue growth of 6% is the highest in over 6 years and accelerated sequentially across every business. We also grew adjusted EPS by 21% and generated significant margin expansion. Our business has proven resilient throughout the pandemic. And with the global economy now beginning to turn the corner, we saw an acceleration in our growth. With 6% underlying growth to begin the year, we now expect full year 2021 underlying revenue growth to be at the high end of our 3% to 5% guidance range and possibly above. As we look ahead, the outlook for the U.S. and many of the countries we operate in is encouraging. However, many parts of the world continue to suffer with high levels of infection, and there is still a significant amount of uncertainty. GDP in the U.S. was close to flat in the first quarter and strong levels of growth are expected, starting in the second quarter, due to a rebound in demand as the impact of vaccines takes hold, along with favorable economic comparisons to a year ago. Meanwhile, in India, Brazil and many other parts of the world, case counts continue to rise and broad levels of vaccination remain a long way off. Our proprietary pandemic navigator now forecasts that the U.S. will achieve the herd immunity threshold by early to mid-summer, and we see a fairly similar time line in the UK. These milestones bring hope for reopening and economic growth, although it will vary by country. We are also mindful that the risk exists and that there still are many unknowns, such as variance of the virus, the efficacy of vaccines on the variants, the duration of immunity and vaccine hesitancy. But we are resilient and are confident we will be able to adapt to a wide range of scenarios, just as we have since the beginning of this crisis.
Dan Glaser: I mean, I think the general idea of divestment would be to satisfy regulators’ concerns about having enough competitors in the marketplace. So, it would be unusual for them to look to us as a possible answer. I mean we are open to all ideas, but ultimately, I think it’s unlikely that we would be a participant in all a very small area in that kind of vein. Now having said that, there are plenty of very good, high quality firms that we are in discussions with. And so when we look at our M&A pipeline, we look over the course of years, not over the course of months, and we have got a very rich pipeline of companies that we are having discussions with. So, we feel very good about our ability to continue to add to the strength. And I would just use that as a backdrop to growth in general. Like we generally feel that underlying growth is the most important measure to evaluate the health of the overall organization. So, our focus is generally on underlying growth. But every once in a while, you have to look at GAAP, what’s the company doing on an overall basis. And if I just look at RIS, as an example, first quarter last year, we grew a very big organization on a GAAP basis, 20%, and followed up in this first quarter by an 11% on top of the 20% on a GAAP basis. We are significantly growing the organization. And on the consulting side, it was more like a 5% on GAAP last year, followed by a 6% this year on GAAP. So we are having good underlying performance, but we are also having a much larger organization and growing a much larger organization. Next question, please, operator.
Dan Glaser: Okay. So I will talk about your M&A point, and then I will hand off to John and Peter Hearn, so they can talk a little bit about the rate environment and a little bit more debt, although that’s really inside baseball. Ultimately, when we look at deals, as I mentioned before, we are not chasing any deals. Your conclusion that multiples have gone up over the last number of years is absolutely true. Multiples are higher, which means we should be more selective. And it means that we should understand the pro forma calculations in a deep way, because most of these organizations are private. So, the pro forma results are far different than the actual results over the previous years and there can be a disconnect in terms of what expectations are versus the reality of a performing business. Now, our goal is actually to buy high quality firms. That’s our primary goal. Firms that match our culture, where there is good chemistry, where the leaders plan to stay in the business and keep growing the business. And there are a number. It’s still a very fragmented market, and there are a number of small to mid-sized companies in which we are able to speak with who really recognize the value of Marsh & McLennan. I mean we can demonstrate the companies, the amount of additional mega producers that are developed post-acquisition by Marsh & McLennan than existed pre-acquisition. So, joining Marsh & McLennan is good for the production force of these companies. And that is a – that’s our unique selling proposition. The capabilities and resources of the organization broadly enable producers to be more successful than they otherwise would be. But John, do you want to talk about rating environment? And what’s been moving around the most? Yes, I think it’s pretty high level, and then we can move on to Peter on that.
Dan Glaser: Yes. I mean, we expect to be a real employer of choice in the business. And – but we are a big company, we have got 76,000 people. So, whether we lose a team of 20 people or hire 10, or 20, or 30 individuals, ultimately, it’s not a huge needle mover for us, but it’s a way for us to build our strength, build on the mountain of talent that we already have. The 500 net headcount increase in the fourth quarter didn’t all come from Aon and Willis, although the majority did. And I think in the first quarter, we are up over 100 heads net from Aon and Willis. And I would expect that kind of thing to continue. This is a competitive environment and I do believe working at Marsh & McLennan is a choice, not just for companies going through consolidation, but for experts broadly within our industry.
Dan Glaser: Yes. No, the comparison is a bit different. Things like meetings, for example, like you take the first quarter, what do you do when the year starts, you get together and you talk about growth. So, that happened in 2020. It didn’t happen in 2021. But – so meeting some advertising, some use of facilities, that sort of thing. But we are not really overly concerned about the expense comparisons. We were always working to move our other operating expenses down. To me, the glory would be a nice, solid, chunky comp and ben ratio and a much lower other operating expense ratio. That’s the kind of thing over time that we want to do. And we have all kinds of initiatives in the firm to try to reduce other operating expenses as a way to deliver better margin, but also to deliver better comp and ben ratios as well. And as you will note, comp and ben ratios were up in the quarter. And so that to me is a pretty good thing. Other operating expenses down, comp and ben flat or up. That’s a pretty good result, with delivering big margin expansion for shareholders as well. Next question please.
Dan Glaser: Thank you. Thanks, everybody. I thank everybody for joining us on the call this morning. I want to thank our 76,000 colleagues for your perseverance under trying circumstances. These are the moments when our clients need us most. Thank you all very much, and I look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
John Doyle: Thanks Dan. Mike, as Dan noted, nothing particularly one-off in nature about the growth in the quarter. I was very pleased with the start to the year. Mark gave a bit of an around the world view in his prepared remarks. But just a little bit more color. Specialty growth was particularly strong in the quarter, in FINPRO, in our private equity practice, construction and energy, also very, very strong results in the quarter. We had good growth in benefits. Our MGA and affinity operations also had a good quarter. So, I was quite pleased with it. I think we executed well for sure. Dan talked about our new business. The renewal line was strong as well. We are very, very focused in what’s still a very difficult market for our clients. But I think we are positioned well. And as Dan noted, the economy is picking up in some important markets for us. There is still obviously some uncertainty as Dan and Mark both noted in the macros, but I am very, very pleased with the start to the year.
John Doyle: Sure. Mike, about 60% of our revenue is commission based, but about 50% of Marsh’s total revenue is exposed P&C pricing, right. So we have commission in the benefit side as well in some markets. So as Dan noted, it’s still a very, very difficult market for our clients. And obviously, an uneven economy for so many of our clients. And so our clients, of course, are adapting to that. Some in this market and certainly throughout 2020, we are choosing to retain some more risks, whether it’s through higher retentions or lower limits. Our captive management business is experiencing pretty strong growth as well as an indicator of maybe how our clients are reacting to the market. But it’s still a difficult market. The D&O market, the excess casualty market in the U.S. and the cyber markets remain the most challenging. On the other hand, the work comp pricing continues to be pretty favorable for our clients and was modestly down. Pricing was modestly down in that product area here in the United States. So, the underwriting community is clearly concerned about elevated cat activity was obviously a busy cat quarter in the United States in the first quarter. The word lost cost inflation, lower interest rates, but my expectations is that we will continue to see some moderation of price increases throughout the rest of the year. Again, I expect prices to be up year-over-year, but I do expect them to be up somewhat less than they get up in recent quarters.
John Doyle: Sure, Dan. Phil, as you noted, there, of course, will be ups and downs on a global basis in any kind of normal economy. And obviously, we are still recovering and still in the pandemic, as Dan noted in his prepared remarks earlier. But I was very, very pleased with our performance in the quarter in the UK. It’s been a bit of a stress point for us over the last 18 months or so. Some of it related to just indigestion from coming together with JLT and some headwinds there. But we saw good growth, a lot of it from our middle marketing UK business, but also in the specialty areas, as I noted before, particularly strong growth in our financial lines business. The D&O market, as I said earlier, is difficult for our clients, very, very meaningful cyber growth in the UK and construction and energy were off to a terrific start. Elsewhere in the world, I think just another bright spot to point out, we saw very, very good new business growth in Australia. So, I was quite pleased with that. So yes, it was an improved performance by the international team, and we expect continued good momentum.
John Doyle: Sure Dan. Jimmy, I covered it before. What I would say is that in most geographies and in most major product lines, there was a slight moderation in the average price increase in the first quarter as compared to the fourth quarter. It was pretty consistent, I would say, is probably the most notable thing when you look at it on a line-by-line basis and country-by-country basis. So prices on average, again went from 22% to 18%. As we have shared in the past, this is – our index skews to large accounts. The middle market pricing is more modest than that. I think the most notable quarter-to-quarter change was in cyber, where the average price increase actually doubled from the fourth quarter into the first quarter from high-teens to mid-30s. And so – and as you might expect, given the exposure environment there, our cyber sales are growing quite rapidly at the moment.
John Doyle: Sure, Meyer. Really, in most market cycles, middle market, the small commercial pricing just doesn’t move with the same level of volatility that we see in the upper middle market and in large multinational accounts. And that this market cycle, really the last couple of years, it’s been quite consistent with that observation. We saw, most of last year, small commercial. And there is a bit of not every insurer looks at the market kind of the same way, but small to the lower end of the middle market, we saw low-single digit price increases most of last year. It accelerated a bit in the fourth quarter to mid-single digit increases, and that’s what we observed in the first quarter as well. What I would note in that segment where we do see more commission than we do in other parts of our business. Work comp, though is a huge part of our business there. And as I noted earlier, work comp pricing remains pretty favorable for our clients.
Peter Hearn: Thanks Dan. Mike, our model is consistent growth over a long period of time. I think we have demonstrated that, as Dan said. We do benefit from the rate increases that are going on in the market. But the bulk of our income is coming from new business wins, and it’s well balanced across all of our businesses from North America, Latin America, Middle East, Asia Pac, global specialties, all have recognized strong growth in the first quarter, and we see the same holding true for Q2. Now Q3s tend to be very small quarters for us. So, there is more volatility inherent in them. But over the past few years, we have shown once again that even with smaller quarters, based on the disciplined approach we had to new business and the approach of growing in any market condition, we have demonstrated our ability to grow.
Peter Hearn: No. I would reflect much of what John says, Jimmy, in that reinsurance pricing has been reasonably consistent by line of business over the past several quarters. And I think it’s – the capacity is adequate, demand is high. As John said, lines of business, like cyber, have been more capacity constrained, but there is still capacity available at a price. And I think at the end of the day, the reinsurer approach to our client base has been reasonable, and it’s been based on experience and exposure of the individual client. And so prices, I wouldn’t say, have gone down. I would say prices have moderated, but that’s based on capacity. But it’s a function of exposure and experience by client. It is not a broad based across the board rate increased for everybody regardless of how you performed.
Peter Hearn: Yes. Thank you, Dan. Meyer, if we look through the rest of the year and obviously, June, what is the next big renewal date, I think we have to separate Florida from the rest of the – of our portfolio because it’s a different animal in a lot of different ways, not only from a regulatory environment, not only from a capital environment, not only from a capacity environment, not only from a legal environment. So, as we look out into the rest of the year, we anticipate that for the broad percentage of our portfolio that pricing will remain consistent. Again, as I just said, it isn’t based on individual client exposure and experience. Florida, obviously, has gone through quite a turbulent time not only from a loss standpoint, but an underlying erosion of capital due to heightened litigation. What that’s resulted in is demand is actually going to be less because people are re-underwriting their books of business to deal with some of the spikes and exposure that they have. But overall, I would say there is more than enough capacity in Florida. And for the non-frequency layers and more capacity layers, there will be plenty of capacity. And for the lower down, higher risk layers, pricing will go up. We are still unsure as to what the dimensions are. We are expecting mid to high-single digits for loss experience, high loss experience. And it’s still wait-and-see. But a lot of the capital in Florida comes from third-party capital, unlike the rest of our portfolio say for our retrocessional business.
