John Doyle: Sure, Dan. As you just said, I think it’s a modest tailwind at the moment. I think it's really important to keep in mind of course, there our role is to get the best outcome for the clients, regardless where we are in the pricing cycle. And a good chunk of our portion of our large account business is on a fee, for sure we also have the Marsh Risk Consulting which is a fee-based business and our benefits business which obviously is not subject to the P&C pricing cycle.At the moment middle market pricing is not moving up as much as large account pricing which we have more exposure to from a commission point of view. We're certainly working with our clients to mitigate the impact of price increases, in a lot of cases that -- whether it's in large accounts or in the middle market that maybe our clients retaining more risk. So it’s a challenging market in some segments. I don't consider it actually one market. It's a collection of markets. But it’s a great time for us with our tremendous talent. We have great talented colleagues and their capabilities to create value for our clients.
John Doyle: Look, I think you said it well, Dan, that the fourth quarter was such a seasonally strong new business quarter for JLT, so we'll see a little bit more headwind there in the fourth quarter. But we're well-positioned for growth in 2020. So again if you take a longer view, we're confident that where we're positioned in the market.
John Doyle: Sure. The underwriting community is clearly concerned about rising loss cost trends. Dan and I and some of the rest of our leaders have been at Peter Hearn as well have been at number of different conferences where we've spent a lot of time with the markets of late. So -- and there are clearly some very, very large casualty losses in the markets where there's a lot of discussion of course about cap property, but there are some casualty cat events that are in the market that are concerned. And then there's some big headline, verdicts and settlements that have underwriters concerned as well.I think we've seen loss cost trends begin to emerge more quickly. Commercial auto pricing has been up there for a number of different quarters. Overall casualty pricing at the moment is mixed. Work Comp is down five GL primary GL pricing is still down modestly including in the United States, but excess liability is up 6% versus 3% in the second quarter and that market seeing a bit more stress at the moment. So we of course again are trying to get the best outcome for our clients and we'll find solutions no matter where they might be in the world.But I do expect upward pricing pressure to continue throughout next year. However I think we'll see shorter and shallower cycles than we have on average in the past, so really kind of micro cycles. Underwriters are moving quickly to get better data, better management information. They're moving more quickly to deal with things. But capital moves very quickly to where profit pools emerge as well. So again I expect more shallow and shorter pricing cycles.
John Doyle: Sure. I would say first of all overall I was pleased with the growth in the quarter at 70% GAAP growth, 5% underlying growth. Mark talked about the strong consistent growth in the United States. So internationally we're up 3% on a rolling basis. In EMEA we have very good results in continental Europe. We had excellent growth in the Middle East then in Africa as well. In the U.K., our results are showing some positive momentum. As I've talked about in the past we've made some leadership changes there. It's a challenging environment. Obviously the U.K. economy creating a bit of a drag force at the moment. But our leadership team is really on it and so I see some improving trends there of course as we look into next year.
John Doyle: Sure. It is Legacy JLT related. It's both new business so we've talked about kind of more broadly and to larger non-recurring items in the region of where I would say though that the region absolutely remains a growth market for us. I'm really encouraged by how the teams are coming together at both Marsh and JLL. Well, it'll be a choppy second half for Latin America. I do expect good growth from the region in 2020.
John Doyle: Look, I think, I mean it's apparent to me that the underwriting committee is struggling to figure out what the trend line is, right? And much like I think I said pricing, it’s not one market, it's a collection of markets. I think the challenge is it's not one trend line, right. And so, as I said earlier there are some pretty big very material casualty losses in the market. And then you're seeing where you have kind of more data and more frequency in commercial auto, a clear trend that's emerged over the course of the last several years.And in the case of auto it's got a shorter duration to it as than other liability lines. So it's quite again clear that they're trying to sort that out. But again our responsibilities serving our client and trying to come up with the best outcome for them in this market. But I would expect a bit more stress in the near term in the access liability market in particular. There are some areas where you can point to meaningful exposure changes, right. So in the case of D&O maybe for example, there's been a material increase in the frequency of securities claims that are in the market, right.That's obviously in the aggregate needs to be priced for. So there are some segments where you're seeing clear exposure changes then in other areas of risk could you see higher settlements and judgments for a lot of reasons.
John Doyle: I would also point out, Dan. that after the financial crisis, we had a period where there wasn't real loss cost inflation, right? Claim transfer were quite stable, in fact, in some lines of business there was deflation which isn't what we normally observe over a long period of time. But clearly we've come out of that environment.
Dan Glaser: Sure. And just to be clear. I'm happy to fill in with Peter any time here with double digit quarter. So – but yes, I was – you're right, it was a bit of a positive surprise to us in the third quarter. But bear in mind, it’s a small revenue quarter for Guy Carpenter. So it doesn't take much for an outsized quarter in either direction. JLT is going to continue to be a drag to underlying revenue growth as Carpenter rebuilds the new business pipeline, that something that takes multiple quarters to do. But that effort is already underway and so it's not going to last for years. It's temporary.And in the meantime, Carpenter's doing a great job, managing expenses, deliver earnings growth. We mentioned the multiyear contract true-up and we call it out not because it's unusual, but because it was large in a small quarter and that's why we've raised it, but it's a normal course of business type of situation.
Dan Glaser: Yes. So overall the Marsh & McLennan had a pretty materially higher margins than JLT; both very high quality organizations, Marsh & McLennan benefited I think more from some of the scale and broader heft that we had in organization, but every intention was to convert JLT within Marsh & McLennan to Marsh & McLennan style margins and then look to growth from there.We're pleased with the margin expansions that we're having this year. I mean, we expected it. So as we talked going into the year we've said that we expected to have margin expansion. And it really is about – we're bringing in more revenue and we're doing it in a more efficient way. So the notion that we feel comfortable at this stage which is still really early stages of coming together as a single organization that we will comfortably exceed to $250 million of expense savings that we cited last September when the deal was announced. As we've mentioned before we believe the majority of those savings are going to drop to the bottom line. And so we're seeing that right now.And as you can expect, even though JLT, the acquisition itself was not an expense synergy play. It's all about growth. We feel very happy with the level of talent and capabilities, the opportunities for colleagues that are developing and we expect revenues and earnings over time to be better as a result of this combination. But having said all that, we're a well-run organization and when we see areas for capturing efficiencies areas like real estate, technology, functions like finance, legal, HR, risk compliance, all gave us areas to where we believe we can be more efficient together. So what we'll do.As Mark was mentioning in his script, we'll give a more fulsome update next quarter about where we see the three year expenses and cost of achieving those expense saves. We'll do a review internally and we'll let you know next quarter. Next question please.
Dan Glaser: Yes, Paul. There was a lot of -- the third quarter was noisy in that underlying growth schedule. And there were there are a couple of places There's the sale of aerospace that you mentioned. There was also the sale of a data business in Marsh last year where a gain was recorded in revenues. So there's a little bit of a heavier impact. If you look at the year to-date schedule you'll see a plus one for acquired revenue and that's probably not a bad estimate for the full year. But there's actually -- a lot of the transactions we did this year. so Lovitt & Touche and Bouchard and MMA came relatively early in the year.So there's less roll over revenue just given the lower activity this year than we would typically have. So maybe a little bit of rollover into the early part of next year and then next year's acquired growth, it would depend on the level of deal activity. Next question please.
Dan Glaser: Yes. We're not going to go into the details of how the cost saves are breaking out per quarter. As I mentioned before this is still really early stages, we're in the second quarter of being a combined company. We believe we have a multiyear approach to capturing the expense savings that we were identifying. We're executing on a lot of different issues right now. I mean, clearly with our margins being up as a company through nine months, pretty much we can say that, we're achieving a lot of savings, right? And it's not impacting growth because we're growing well as a firm. And so, I don't really want to get into a quarter-by-quarter description of all the activity we're doing on the expense side.
Dan Glaser: No. I mean, I think there's partly is what you're seeing in margin right now. Like we're jumping on efficiencies and making savings as we go and so there's not a sense of like all this is going to happen in the third year. I mean, there's many things that we can operate very quickly on. There's other things that take a little bit more time. You take something like as an example the consolidation of vendors or real estate or reducing costs within JLT that were geared to being a public company. Those sort of things we can move pretty quickly on.There's other areas, let's say some areas of application technology which take a little bit more time as they go. But we have a three-year plan and we're working through it and we expect to have, I mean, this is our 12th year margin expansion, so I'm not going too far out on a limb when I say. Well, I think in 2020 we're going to expand our margin just like we did in 2019 and just like we've done for the last 12 years. And so that's an indication of some of the benefits dropping to the bottom line.
Dan Glaser: I mean that's really, I think John's point is really important to emphasize here. Better management teams at underwriting firms, better data and analytics creates more of a micro cycle environment where it's not necessarily broad across all sectors and all segments. And that's really occurring on the reinsurance side as well. We're not seeing broad market wide impact even as a result of the loss creep that we've seen over the last six months coming in from prior years and some big losses this year. But there is potential significant changes on individual programs based upon the individual programs characteristics like geography performance in the past and that sort of thing. So I think the better data and analytics are making it more of a targeted approach as opposed to broad brush. Next question please.
Dan Glaser: Yes. I mean it's in the context of acquisitions that we've done in the past it's quite common for us to either have earn out arrangements or to have some sort of retention payments tied to a multiyear view of how a person performs within the business. And so we view that is as kind of normal. It's all been modeled within our original deal consideration. You'd expect that to really be more in the first year or 18 months and then reduced from there because it is geared towards assisting in the transition of the organization to a new organization. And so I wouldn't expect any significant levels to persist over a many year period. Next question please.
Dan Glaser: I mean in any large organization and in any large combination there's a series of puts and takes. And I think this is how you need to view this. And that we did not know on the day of acquisition that we would have to dispose of the aerospace business as an example. On the other hand, we had an idea that $250 million or so of expense synergies should be achievable over a three-year period. So the fact that we're able to achieve more than that, but at the same time we've had some disposals that we did not anticipate. And I can tell you there's probably a dozen of these puts and takes that you look forward. And we end up about where we're exceeding our expectations mildly on virtually every measure and we end up with the view that it's going to be on an adjusted basis slightly dilutive to what we otherwise would have done this year, breakeven next year and accretive in year three. And so that's kind of where we are.The organization for a long period of time has become more and more efficient. We continue to see ways of becoming more efficient. And we run ourselves very much to where we've got four very strong brands, but we're not a holding company just operating a business that is not cohesive, where we are close to the client we're commercially agile, nimble, highly segmented, highly specialized. The further you are away from the client we're more horizontal and we capture synergies around finance, legal H.R. and other functional costs. We're smart about how we approach the use of service operations in places like India and Poland, in Kuala Lumpur and we will continue to do that. Personally I think we're at the early stage of being able to look at AI, machine learning, robotics as a way to increase the efficiency of the business. And so that we can look out for several years and believe we can continue to expand margins in the business.
Dan Glaser: Yes. I think it's important to remember, the way we prioritize our capital deployment is we put organic investment ahead of everything else that we put our dividend which we believe is sacrosanct. Then we've made a commitment to increase our dividend double digit each year and we intend to continue to do that. We have said in the past that we favor acquisitions over share repurchase and we favored share repurchase over growing cash on our balance sheet.So when you look at it in that context you have to recognize that that if push came to shove, we would favor acquisitions over share repurchase. And the way we're looking at our pipeline is very strong. And so we will continue to take steps to make us a stronger company. And if that means that that puts a little pressure sometimes on share repurchase then so be it. Next question please.
Dan Glaser: Well, that's a good question and a tough one. So John, I don't think clients are assuming you need exposure. They have their own units of exposure growth. But I would say is that in some of the more mature economies that we operate in where we have big revenue stream. There continues to be particularly there in the United States, modest exposure grew up. So employment continues to grow. Sales are growing. The number of vehicles on the street more flat for example, but most areas of exposure management in mature markets are showing some modest growth.
Dan Glaser: That's a great one. Mark, do you want to handle that. I mean, there's always the bonus pool. So nothing fully drops to the bottom line.
Dan Glaser: Yes. So you're right in citing that. I mean this is the first quarter of negative growth in Lat-Am since we started reporting Lat-Am in the first quarter of 2008. It's a great region for us and it's usually neck and neck over long stretches of time with Asia as to which growth is better. But there's some particular issues that we're facing in Lat-Am in the short term. But John you want to give more color.
Dan Glaser: Yes. I mean we were talking recently about worker's comp. I mean in tie for one reason or another and you can have a lot of opinions about what's underneath it. But in times of full employment worker's comp claims tend to go down and in times of economic stress they tend to go up. And so, it's sort of worker's comp claims are in decent shape now, but that doesn't mean it's a permanent trend line, and that may reverse with economic stress.
Dan Glaser: Sure. Thanks Cleena. And I just want to thank everybody for joining us on the call this morning. I want to express my gratitude to our 75,000 colleagues for the commitment and hard work that they show us all the time, as well as to our clients for their support. Thank you all very much and we'll speak to you next quarter.
Mark McGivney: Yes. David going back to as with a lot of things that we said initially that things are playing out very, very close to where we initially thought they would and that that applies to capital management as well. So this year is played out almost exactly as we thought. If you remember back to some of the things we said, we said the focus for capital management for the first couple of years would be deleveraging, but in those plans that we provided enough flexibility for return of capital as well as M&A with the focus for M&A being on Marsh & McLennan Agency.And so, as we look out to 2020 they're really still is the focus. That we're focused on the deleveraging and that we see -- we've provided for some flexibility so that we will be able to have some return of capital as well and continue to focus on M&A, really the balance between those two is just going to depend on the strength of the M&A pipeline.
Mark McGivney: Our bonus pools tend to be geared to earnings, but other than that it really does fall into the quarter.
Mark McGivney: Yes, sure. Let me tackle CapEx first. It did increase. It was mainly related to timing of big real estate projects and that we can see that volatility from year-to-year and actually for -- it will not remain at that level into the fourth quarter. And fourth quarter we're probably looking more in line with what we saw in the fourth quarter over the last couple years. So it's just a couple of big real estate projects. It’s actually level in Q2 was a little bit lower for the same reason. In terms of cash flow growth is actually a really good story and what our operating cash flow notwithstanding all of the integration related charges was only down 2%. I thought that was a really good result in the context of what we're going through. So there is nothing unusual in that.
