Dan Glaser: Thanks Dan. I mean, clearly we have made certain commitments to looking at our global tax position over time and we have invested in a new Head of Global Tax, Dina Shapiro who started with us recently. Now, it is too early for Dina to have a real impact on moving our tax rate down, but this has been a focus of the company for the last couple of years. I mean, clearly when we look at our competitors, we are at a disadvantage by being a U.S. multi-national vis-à-vis what tax rate we have versus most of our competitors, so we have to operate the business better. We have to grow faster and we have to have better operating earnings to drive higher pre-tax to arrive at is similar levels on an after-tax basis, so we have been doing that. The search for tax efficiency for us started several years ago and we are beginning to see some of the benefits from that, but let me hand it over to mike and test that throat of his to see if he has got anything to add.
Dan Glaser: Sure. In terms of business performance, our main objective is to drive revenue and earnings growth. Secondary objective of ours is to improve our margins in both segments and we view that really as a natural outcome of growing revenues faster than expenses almost all the time. Now, periodically, we are going to grow expenses faster than revenue for opportunistic reasons, but we are very careful on that and it would not last for very long. When we look at RIS and Consulting margins, we think it is best to look at year-to-date and really a full-year basis, because mitigation against some of the headwinds we were facing felt so heavily in the first quarter, you really have to look over a longer period of time for this year, so we do expect to have margin expansion in both segments this year.
Dan Glaser: Thanks, Jay. We are not going to comment about Willis and Towers and that potential combination other than how it relates to us, so you know the way we view it is how it relates to us is basically, we are focused outside the shop in terms of growing our business, serving clients, getting new clients, expanding our business and recruiting people strategically. We are doing all of those things. When I think about our company overall, this is very much a people business. In my view not just in RIS, but across Marsh & McLennan Companies, we really are a talent magnet. We have a caliber of people that is quite high, smart, creative committed people. You know what we have found over time is smart, creative, committed people like working with smart, creative and committed people, so we are doing meaningful work for clients here, work that is interesting and it is impactful. I mean, you can pick up a newspaper any day and look at various articles in that newspaper and it is like Marsh & McLennan is all over those kind of issues and challenges that our clients are facing, so I also think we benefit frankly, particularly, in the RIS segment from a proven leadership team that is from the business, you know, that that grew up in the business, that understand the nuances of the business and I expected that that will reap benefits or Marsh & McLennan on the client side over a long stretch of time.
Dan Glaser: Yes. If you look at EPS on year-to-date basis, we have grown 6%, but if you looked on a constant currency basis, we would be 12% or 13%. If you factor that in terms of our view of being able to grow in the high single-digit on a constant currency, that would put you in that 13%, 14% area on a constant currency EPS growth.
Dan Glaser: Sure. The first half of the year was pretty much strong across all sectors, with a couple of exceptions and therefore different reasons. Energy was slow for obvious reasons. That industry is just under pressure. Telecommunications was slow for similar although not quite as intent reasons and RFS business was slightly slower, but it grew at more than 20% last year, so they are just struggling to grow off the back that is still a fundamentally very strong business. Then regionally, I mean the U.S. and our international markets, so all of Asia, Middle East, Latin America are very strong and Europe is the one part of the portfolio which is a little weaker compared to the last year although we are already seeing some signs of that picking up.
Dan Glaser: Thanks, Elyse. Operator, I think, we have time for one or two more questions if we go reasonably rapidly so…
Dan Glaser: Well, I would start by saying no. We are not recruiting strategically, because we see a bottoming and reinsurance. We are recruiting strategically, because we can. I think this is a situation where we are committed to the reinsurance business, it is a tough environment right now, but in a lot of ways using our strength in that kind of environment to build our capabilities and our talent is opportunistic and we certainly are looking broadly. Even though with Peter Hearn, we hired from one competitor. It is not that we are just looking to add talent from a single competitor. We are actually doubling down in our reinsurance business and looking to add talent this year and next year as we invest through the cycle.
Dan Glaser: Yes. I think it is more opportunity than anything else. I mean, let me talk a little bit about our RIS structural changes. Then I think we can call it day from there, because I think it is all part and parcel of the way we view the market. I mean, to us the RIS world is changing. How much is secular and permanent and how much is cyclical is unclear, but what is clear is that we are in active period of consolidation, it is a softening market, there is certain of the larger insurance companies are retaining more risk, there has certainly been an increase in alternative capital and an increase in alternative has to capital. There has also been an increase in the facilities, program, specialty, placement and an increase in the increased need for analytics, so you put all of those things together and I do not think there is a company better positioned in the world than Marsh & McLennan to take advantage of that volatility and uncertainty that exists in the market. We are in a terrific position in terms of being able to invest despite some headwinds and we have no doubt that over time that turns around and some of those headwinds become tailwinds. We are very excited about our new structure in RIS. I think it gives us the opportunity to get specialist, whether it is placement specialist, program designed specialist, analytics perfect professionals collaborating more between Guy Carpenter and Marsh, they will help us promote growth, help us avoid cost duplication and it is certainly utilizes the talents of our executive team most effectively. For a whole variety of reasons, we view this as a good time to be an investor in this business. I will just end by saying that we are optimistic not only for the back half of this year, where we expect to have solid performance, but also as we look to next year, we have been working hard this year to make sure that if FX and interest rates are about where they are today that even though those headwinds would continue to exist, we take steps to improve our business and to have a good EPS performance next year, so we are quite optimistic where we sit today. With that I think it is time to end the call operator. I would just like to thank everyone for joining us this morning and specifically I would like to thank our clients for their support and our colleagues for their hard work and dedication and serving them. Have a good day.
Mike Bischoff: Yes. Thank you, Dan. You are absolutely right. We are at a disadvantage as an American company, because of the high federal and then state tax rates, but also the issue of any of the international cash that we want to repatriate into the United States has a federal true-up to 35% rate. Over the last three years, we have really dedicated it a significant amount of resources tax planning and strategies to be able to effectively repatriate cash into the U.S. in a tax efficient manner. Now that we feel that that is fairly well settled, we can then pivot and turn more of our energies into other opportunities that we may see around the world. As Dan indicated, we have put additional resources into our tax group, particularly in the international tax planning. When you look at that with regard to where the tax rates on a global basis, for example, the U.K. continues to reduce its corporate tax. As we indicated in our scripts, New York State a year ago and then followed by New York City effective in April of this year reduced their tax rate, so when we look at everything across the year, we feel that our tax rate for the second half of the year most likely will fall in the 29.5%, but because of all of these strategies and where we think we see some additional opportunities, it should be 29% as the base rate going forward.
Mike Bischoff: I have got to say a very comprehensive answer. I would only touch on two points that you already made Dan, on cash. We have worked through the last two years to get at our excess cash, we have been reducing that, we effectively reduced it and not just through the end of last year, but through the first six months of this year, which we obviously apply to share repurchase. The second point I would just make with regard to the question, with regard do we need any additional debt capacity or offerings over the second half of this year to reach the goals that we have set, the answer is no. We have been working over three years to re-craft our debt portfolio. We really do not have anything meaningful renewing until 2017, so by reducing our cash and basically dealing with all the debts funding gives us an opportunity to manage our working capital needs with regard to commercial paper, which we are doing more this year. Now, having said we do not need to go to the capital markets this year, never say never. We do not know when opportunities will present themselves, but it is not a requirement.
Mike Bischoff: Yes. The one thing I would add, and Jay, a very good question with regard to headwinds. As we indicated in our scripts, the headwinds now that we are facing for the totality of the year has been from $0.30 to $0.32, but actually in the second half of the year it increases by $0.03, so you can also hear from our statements that we have not backed away from any of the earlier guidance that we gave with regard to how we think the year looks in the second half of the year, so that basically says that we can absorb an additional $0.03 of headwinds. By the way, with regard to the amount of investment income coming in the quarter you said could it be $0.03 or $0.04. I think, it is more like $0.03.
Mike Bischoff: Yes. Roughly it works out to about $60 million of NOI headwinds. Within that, it would be a little bit higher in FX and a little bit lower on the average in the net retirement plans.
Mike Bischoff: Like we said on the script, the overall impact in the second quarter was felt more in RIS than it was in consulting. With regard to the magnitude, I would say within $5 million, $7 million between the two segments, but then we expect that to flip for the second half of the year. Consulting, we really feel more, the broader the headwinds, which is another reason why Dan continues to say that the margins and the growth, in the different segment are better when you look at how we deal with these headwinds year-to-date. As the management team, we are cognizant of these headwinds and we make management decisions throughout the year aware of that, so that is why we keep pointing people to the year-to-date.
Julio Portalatin: Sure. Thank you, Larry. Health remains a pretty profitable and growing business for Mercer. It will continue to be there as time goes on. As I discussed in the last call, we decided a few years ago to incorporate our benefit admin business into our line of businesses just to remind you of that action that we took. In this particular case health and benefits administration business or outsourcing was actually incorporated to our health segment. When we did that, the results have been pretty positive, because of course now we have a PNL Manager, managing the full breadth of the business that is necessary to deliver our solutions and of course attention is being given to both, top-line opportunity as well as bottom-line opportunity. Part of those decisions had to do with of course on the bottom-line improvement, our client and retention of some of the businesses that perhaps over time had just not been able to meet the margin and profitability targets of our business. Because of that, you take all these elements into the impact, Mercer marketplace impact of course of revenue growth, core H&B, revenue growth and then you take the impact of the good actions that we are taking to improve profitability administration. You basically have similar type of growth patterns that you have had traditionally with the health business.
Julio Portalatin: Yes. Sure. Thank you for the question. As you know when you make decisions that are associated with especially the ben admin business, it does have some quarters before it runs itself through completely right? I would think if you look at the underlying growth that should be of big attention for folks like yourself and others. Again, if you back out the ben admin impact, the underlying core growth of our business continues to be very healthy as expected similar to previous years. You are likely to see these types of impact again can quarter-by-quarter as time goes, because you make the right decisions as far as keeping your focus on both, top-line and bottom-line, so we will see how it goes as we continue to make those decisions with clients. Remember that clients come up for renewal and we have conversations. Generally speaking, we land in a good place, where both of us see it as a win-win. In some cases, we do not, so it is not as predictable as you would like it to be.
Julio Portalatin: You are welcome. Yes. I want to first just generally comment about the potential merger of our two competitors. First things, we know the firms pretty well. Of course, they are good competitors. From our perspective, we are going to continue to execute our strategy and our strategy is to stay focused on the things that already are working for us and even have more focus on the things that are beginning to pick up pace, things like Mercer Marketplace, our international expansion of global footprint, with our global clients and of course our investments business continues to do well and we continue to invest in those things. These are actions that we control of course. If anything, these things kind of just pinpoint your focus even that much more in terms of really being able to execute the pace and intensity. Having said that, a little bit on the exchanges, as you know we reported last in October about our exchange results and you are pretty familiar with those as it is. Some additional color that might be helpful to you is that, there is a lot of discussion around fully insured versus self-insured and we are seeing a trend that basically shows that there is more clients now going self-insured than we had seen in our first 60 or so clients that they went first to Mercer Marketplace as far as the DC DB distribution. About two-thirds of the DB, one-third is DC. As you know, we are still in the active season. Right now, we are moving more towards implementation, execution, delivering to our client, but there is also the off cycle opportunities that we have, especially in the middle market that we continue to work through. Our focus is to continue to sell the value proposition of Mercer Marketplace, continue to be able to increase our pipeline, talk to our clients about any concerns as they have especially as we think about the Cadillac tax coming up in 2018 or as I call the previous tax as I they really do believe that it affects much more than what people may believe. We believe that somewhere in the first in 2018, if nothing is done some, somewhere about 30% to 40% of clients may be able to Cadillac tax, so there is a lot of discussion going on there. Although Mercer Marketplace or exchanges are not the silver bullet to deal with the Cadillac tax, it certainly allows for flexibility for you to be able to implement certain actions against something like a Cadillac tax. Overall, we are pleased, pipeline is strong and we will continue to focus on delivering to our clients.
Peter Zaffino: Yes. What I would Dan is, just that as you mentioned being advocates of clients is making sure that we are working closely with the insurance companies in the consolidation on strategy, how they intend to integrate the organizations and how that affects risk appetite. There could be some overlap today on signings, so how do we manage through that. Also, there could be specific geographies whether overweigh, under weigh underway and making sure that we are giving our clients real-time advice on how they interact with the companies after consolidation. That is great. Just a follow-up on the capital management side, it looks like the pace of the buyback has been faster than last year. You understand the full-year of buyback amount in the first half. I just wondered will the pace be sustained and what is source of funding for the buyback, do you need to increase your leverage to fund the buybacks. Thanks.
Peter Zaffino: Yes. Sure. Asia Pacific, we were not pleased with the flat growth. Within the region Pacific was more responsible for that than Asia. When I look at Pacific, its economic slowdown, some lower new business, lower construction, some pressure on pricing contributed to the results in the quarter. Asia, the underlying fundamentals are still strong. I mean, they had a very tough comparable year-over-year with having 15% organic growth in the second quarter 2014. That was coupled with about 600 basis points of non-recurring business that was a delta in new business year-over-year, so they had a real challenge and they still grew up. Overall, the margins are still strong in the region and I expect to have better performance if you look at the full-year and Asia-Pac is still a meaningful contributor to overall Marsh.
Peter Zaffino: Yes. I just would suggest when we look at international, we should look at the full-year heavily dominated by Continental Europe in the first quarter, and we had some anomalies in the second, so I think you have a much more accurate picture of what the growth rate is going to be if we look at the full-year.
Peter Zaffino: I think, when you first look at it, you have to look at it in overall company's profile and what its advantages are and what its disadvantages are. One thing is, in our review we would not change our strategic positioning with any other company in our space, even with their tax advantage, so we have to do things in our business to make up for the fact that U.S. companies operate at a tax disadvantage relative to the rest of the world. Now, I take with a glimmer of hope the fact that if New York state and New York City can actually change the tax rate anything is possible in the future, but ultimately it is something that we operate our business at a high performance level, we will continue to do that, we will not use the tax disadvantage that we have in certain areas as any kind of caveat or excuse to our performance. We will continue to perform well in the marketplace over a long period of time and we certainly do not feel disadvantaged vis-à-vis any of our competitors.
