Dan Glaser: Sure, sure. So it's a good question. I'd start by saying let's look at the overall macro environment a bit. I mean, it may not feel like it, but so far the world has avoided the worst case health and economic scenarios. I mean, we're still in the early days, the economic downturn may last longer, since there were likely be waves of virus resurgence. So, when we were doing all of our scenario planning and stress testing, very early stages of the health elements of the crisis, you could imagine a lot of -- very forward scenarios, right? And it's certainly not a rosy picture from here. But some of the worst case scenarios appear to have been avoided. And so we pulled back our expenses very quickly. We're a company that believes in distributed leadership, we put a lot of authority out in the field with our leaders in countries and in specialty divisions, et cetera. But there are times where you need to pull that authority back and I have to say the executive committee and I move very quickly to essentially control the expense base of the company set a very high bar for what essential expenses were, and then, pull back heavily on other items. Not only the things that naturally fall away like T&E, but over time camps, contractors slowing down hiring, not a hiring freeze, but slowing down the pace of our hiring and focusing it on revenue producing type of positions. I'm very proud of the notion that that we and the team decided that not only to preserve jobs in the thick of the pandemic, but also we did not cut salaries. Now you may notice that our overall confidence then absolute number is down a bit. And that's because the broad category of [comp] [ph] also includes some things like over time and sales plans and some contractors and some of our variable plans et cetera. I feel pretty good about, how quickly we were able to dial back expenses. And there is a bit of a lag in terms of how revenue headwind actually turns off. Clearly, we had some good pipeline, you looked at our first quarter results, 5% underlying growth overall. So we had nice momentum and some of that momentum carried into the early parts of the second quarter and that goes away. And so we'll have a little bit more revenue pressure. And also because the worst case scenarios are unlikely to occur on either health or economy, type of macro factors we will ease up dramatically but will ease up a bit, will become a little bit more open to the other levels of investment that we could make. And so when we look at the second half of the year, there's still a great deal of uncertainty. We think that delivering reasonable financial results in the context of the crisis, while continuing to invest in future growth is the right position for us to be in.
Dan Glaser: Yes. I mean, there are certainly certain things I mean, we've been able to demonstrate that we can do placement activity and manage client deliverables on a remote basis now, it's not ideal in all circumstances, but it is pretty ideal in some circumstances. So I'm not sure we'll go running back to hopping on an airplane to go to Singapore for a $100,000 opportunity. Maybe it will be a little bit more cautious about the T&E type of spending some while ago come back, it may not return to previous levels for a long time, and maybe never. Flexible work arrangement is another item we won't see a benefit to our real estate, footprints or our real estate costs for a while because of social distancing type of requirements. But over time, could we envision more of a hybrid type of operation where colleagues come to the office and also work from home sometimes during the week and so we can go to much more of an agile workplace in many, many locations. Yes, it's probably likely. I also think that there'll be more digital. I mean, it's important to know while we slowed down our CapEx a little bit in the second quarter, actually through six months CapEx is higher than it was last year and it's because we're continuing to invest in our business. And I think that those items are things that would persist. I also I can't underestimate or the notion of how this crisis has brought the firm together. Crisis can bring out the worst in you or the best in you. And I tell you, Marsh & McLennan has risen and we have never been more collaborative and connected than we are today.
Dan Glaser: Sure. I mean, we were pleased with consultings overall performance on organic growth. We clearly expected decline in revenue and pressure, particularly in the project related businesses. Oliver Wyman is almost purely a project business and some parts of Mercer, like the career business is very project oriented and projects tend to be discretionary in the eyes of clients. And so, I think overall a minus 6% is a good result in the circumstances within our consulting business. And both of our main businesses and consulting Mercer and OW have done a nice job protecting shareholders by really focusing on discretionary expenses within our own shop and pulling that back. I mean, every crisis is different in a lot of ways this crisis is more concerning than the global financial crisis. But when you look at the global financial crisis, Mercer was down, 4% in 2009; Oliver Wyman was actually down a bit in 2008 and more significantly in 2009 and had six quarters in a row of contraction. And so we're resilient firm, we can operate as an overall firm on that basis. And the bounce back in 2010, for Mercer and Oliver Wyman was quite good. And we would expect something similar. If there is a lack of discretionary projects on companies, it doesn't mean that they don't need those projects and that they don't want to focus on their future growth and their future ways to be more efficient and we're a go to company for them across people issues and strategy issues. And so we feel good about the consulting business. It could have been worse. And when we looked at it, I think we're in decent shape. I don't know what the second half brings. At the end, we've indicated that we think Mercer will be modestly down for the year. They had a very nice first quarter, but overall for the year, we expect them to be modestly down. And Oliver Wyman, as I said many times before, has a little bit more volatility to quarterly results than any of our other businesses. But we're well positioned and we feel pretty good about where we ended up on the bottom line in both of those areas of the company.
Dan Glaser: Yes. I mean, we haven't publicly disclosed the details of our E&O insurance program, so I'm not going to do it here. Our goal and our principal focus as a broker is to advocate forcefully for policyholders. We do that by obtaining flood coverages and in the event, they have a claim, we do our best to a system with recoveries and we've got very strong risk management practices, high level of professional standards, E&O training of thousands of colleagues. So at the end, it's not something that we spend a lot of time on. Obviously, there's some coverage disputes that are occurring between clients who may believe that they have some coverage within some of their policies related to COVID. And some of those clients, may end up suing everybody but that really hasn't occurred yet. And I'm not overly concerned with it. I think we have good systems and control. Frankly, just like it would be impossible today and why public private partnerships are being talked about broad scale of pandemic insurance is not insurable. It goes into the trillions of dollars of potential exposure and so on. On that basis, it's not like that every client could have gotten full scale broad pandemic protection because there's not a market for it, it had to be targeted, limited in certain industries, certain clients and very expensive.
Dan Glaser: Most of the exposures of clients were actually in Marsh. So I'll hand off to john and he can describe a little bit the types of areas where you would see exposure and decline. It's more mild and consulting and generally around the health business if you're looking at employment as an example, as a proxy for the lives covered under plan, if employment is down and then the anticipated amount of premium would be down because there is a lot of slide. John, you want to talk about exposure units within the large world because that's where most of the adjustment took place.
Dan Glaser: Sure. It's a fair question. And so let me address it this way. Leading the business and as our business leaders within the company do every day, is as much art as it is science. We can make the margin go up at any point in time, by drawing back expenses, by being very tough on rehiring by just pulling it off horns a great deal. The art is figuring out what should we deliver today while we're investing for the future, while we're going to position the company to emerge stronger. And so from that standpoint, the way we look at that, is yes, our second quarter performance was really terrific. But the reality is, we pulled the expense levers hard. And we felt the immediate benefit of that lower spending and the revenue came in a bit higher since there's a lag in the full revenue headwind since all the activity that's pre-COVID in terms of projects still benefited us in the second quarter. So you've got to think the revenue headwind will be a bit stiffer in the second half of the year. And because our worst case scenarios are not going we do not anticipate though the macro environment to go into the worst case scenarios will ease off a little bit on some of these transactions. And the combination of that will be that we've got EPS pressure in the back half of the year. And our focus is okay, what is the reasonable result to deliver to shareholders in a year in which we expect modest revenue decline of the overall firm. And you can look, we expect modest improvement overall in RIS and pressuring consultants. I think you can kind of cottoned on to the idea that RIS will have better margin outlook, than what the consulting division will have and we're not going to artificially do things in consulting to drive margin when the top-line is under that kind of pressure.
Dan Glaser: Well, I mean Marsh over a long period of time has become a much larger middle market firm, particularly in the U.S. and the U.K. And with that, there gets to be a little bit more element of commission versus fee. And I think the last time we spoke to you was, think around about two-thirds on a commission basis and a third on a fee basis. It's not easy out there and buy, whether it was negotiating with a client or negotiating with an insurance company. And so there's negotiations that take place account by account as the level of work and what the proper level of remuneration is for the intermediary. And so it's not a direct line that revenue or premium is up and so therefore, immediately, we pop on the same basis there. This is all about account by account discussion and negotiation and trying to determine the value that we provide in the market, one as an advisor to clients but also sometimes as a distributor for insurance companies.
Dan Glaser: First of all, the M&A space for brokers, where you have seen most of the activity is in the upper middle market and below. And as Paul was just alluding to, there's a lot of PE in that space and then the Mac may be a little bit different for them because the leverage levels are a bit higher. And the ability to borrow money at low interest rates, or at least probably even more [indiscernible] than it was a year or two ago. And so that's going to remain an active market. I don't think you're going to see much change in multiples right now, multiples are high, probably too high, in our opinion in some areas, but the multiples are high. So it really is, well structured the deal. With all the uncertainty out there, you probably look at more of an earn out component than what you would otherwise see a year or two ago. And you also have to be really focused on but what's the EBITDA most of the businesses which are for sale so to speak are private companies and so it all gets [indiscernible]. And I think actually the EBITDA calculation on a pro forma basis is more important to be reviewed and scrutinized and to get comfortable with the multiple itself. You want to know what will that business do in your hands and so, we're still active. We don't generally compete with PE in that space because we're generally having a more limited discussions with companies in the brokerage space, particularly in the U.S. with Marsh & McLennan agency, but we're committed to that part of the market. We think it's a great business and we will continue to be a buyer.
Dan Glaser: Yes, Josh. We never give absolute numbers on T&E because once you do it forever. I mean, T&E, it's not an immaterial number. But obviously, you're not talking double digits of spending and travelling and entertainment, but you have to think there's two things one, in the second quarter, you got to think T&E was off big time. Like me talking about mid 90s type of percentage points, nobody was travelling or entertaining. So that's a huge downdraft. And I may have misspoke in terms of when I talked about T&E, I don't expect T&E to bounce back in any way in the second half of the year. So, there won't be much put it this way travel or entertainment for the balance of the year, what I was trying to get across was over time, even looking into 2021 and 2022. I'm not sure T&E ever at the same level it was pre-COVID. I don't know if people will really travel as much because I don't think it's necessary as what the perception was before. So I do think over the long-term T&E may be one of those areas where we have an expense benefit and that is lasting where we will -- where T&E will obviously go up from near zero, but it won't go back to the level that it had been pre-COVID.
Dan Glaser: Well, I mean, at the end, we're a revenue based company. You looked at our second quarter where our margins were RIS margins were up 430 basis points, with modest levels of revenue increase that obviously is not sustainable, which means we basically shut down large swathes of the expenses of this organization, because of the great uncertainty as to what was going to happen on the top-line. We now have more clarity around what's going to happen on the top-line. And we do believe the top-line across the firm will feel a bit more pressure than the second quarter. It doesn't mean, we're going to fall off a cliff. But it does mean that some of the benefits we have in the second quarter at the momentum than we had from the fourth and the first, a base and then we're just faced with the now of revenue pressure and we want to release a little bit of some of the expense pullback drawback that we have. And as I was saying before, Josh, this is an art rather than a science. We could cut our expenses significantly from here and deliver margin improvement in the back half of the year, even if our top-line is negative, but it would not be good for the company in any type of midterm or long-term perspective. So we're not going to do that. We're going to continue to invest in this organization, the dislocation that exists in the market, the ability to strategically recruit, the movements of digitization, our technology, modernization, all of that work continues, and we're going to continue.
Dan Glaser: Thank you, operator. And thank you to all of you joining us on the call this morning. In closing, I want to thank our 76,000 colleagues for their hard work and dedication as well as their support of each other, clients and local communities. I am impressed and humbled by their response during these challenging times. I also want to thank our clients for their continued support. Thank you all very much and I look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
Mark McGivney: Sure. Yes. The FX was not much of a story for EPS in the second quarter as we looked at the back half of the year we don't expect much impact, if rates stay where they are much impact for the balance of the year to EPS.
Mark McGivney: Yes. Cash generation in the quarter was strong as you said, we're obviously pleased with that. Here a number of factors contributed, the most important of which was just the strong earnings growth. So we had solid earnings growth. So that was a big factor in driving free cash flow and then there's a number of other factors, so less spending on JLT related items. If you compare it with last year, we got nicked a little bit more by FX than we did this year. And then, in any given quarter there can be fluctuation in some of the balance sheet accounts and working capital that can affect cash flows and we had good results on that front. And so whether it's the quarter year-to-date, our cash generation was strong. For the remainder of the year, it really is going to be about how our earnings trend.
Mark McGivney: It all falls to the bottom-line, Meyer. I mean, it could be in our overall earnings and bonus formulas a little bit of impact to the extent, earnings grow or shrink for a year, but that specific adjustment, it is directed to revenue and bottom-line.
