Daniel S. Glaser: Okay. So, let me take the first part of that question, and then I'll take the second part, and hand it over to Mark. So, the – our entire MMC executive team, leadership team spent last week in London, and we met with many people at JLT, and then we had a town hall which had around 1,500 people, and so it was a great display on both sides of talking about the industry and the business. We didn't get into a lot of specifics in anything. I mean, we're still in a period where there's a shareholder vote, November 7. We're still working through regulatory approval, so it's fairly high-level. And of course, we're not reaching out as Marsh McLennan to any JLT clients. We've obviously been contacted by some of our clients. And we view on an overall basis. Clients make decisions based upon capabilities not based upon individuals, not based upon what badge the company is carrying. It is the capabilities of the firm. And so that gives me a lot of comfort in thinking that the capabilities of the combined firm will be stronger than how we operate as individual companies. I mean I did get a real sense from the JLT leadership team and the extended leadership team as to what kind of esprit de corps they have and the camaraderie and the chemistry. And so, I'm really looking for JLT to be a jolt of energy within Marsh & McLennan and as I've said on the initial call last month, both organizations are operating in a position of strength right now. We are both stronger than we were three years ago. And bringing us together at this moment in time is really powerful and I think more than anything else, we'll deliver increased value to clients. Now, I mean obviously we're not going to know until things go on for many more months and even years about the puts and takes of any large acquisition. We're confident that this will work out for both firms and certainly for our clients, our colleagues, and our shareholders. As I said in the first call, Kai, we're a conservative company. So we didn't model this thing in a way that creates a lot of strain in terms of – will we get this kind of expense synergy and will we get this kind of revenue dyssynergy and what will happen over a longer stretch in time on the revenue side. Time and time again, we went the conservative route. The math still worked and so from that standpoint, I'm quite comfortable that this will turn out to be somewhere between a very good and a spectacular acquisition for Marsh & McLennan.
Daniel S. Glaser: Okay. So before I hand off to Peter, I would just say that we report margins on a segment basis, so we don't want to go fall into the trap of talking about individual operating businesses and what their margins are. You know a lot about our business more than most and so I'll just leave it at that. But the overall margin on the segment has been pretty good this year and we expect that to continue into the fourth quarter. But Peter, you want to talk about Guy Carpenter and the growth and how you see things going into January 1.
Daniel S. Glaser: So, Elyse, I'd like to just take a moment because I've made a clear statement that we expect over time our consulting business not to be upside down. And considering I have the two leaders right in front of me, why don't I hand off to Julio to see whether he agrees with that and then we'll go to Scott. So, Julio.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yeah. So, I would start by saying that we're focused more on earnings growth than anything else. And if I look at earnings growth for the year, NOI year-to-date within RIS is up about 10%. Consulting is having an off year for reasons that we had talked about before. I don't believe 4% is a new bogey and is replacing 3% because our expenses on a continuum are not growing at any faster pace than they were growing over the last couple of years, so we still believe that fundamentally around 3% we should be able to expand margins when we're at that level. This is a bit of an odd year and we signaled it not just last quarter but even the quarter before that. And if you look at the second quarter of this year, RIS had a really tough comp since the expense growth was zero in the second quarter of 2017, and we always knew that the third quarter was going to be an issue for Consulting since Mercer made an adjustment to its variable comp pool in the third quarter of last year, which resulted in them being down minus 2% in expense growth and obviously that was a really tough expense comparison and that explains virtually all of the drops in the third quarter of 2018 as it relates to the Consulting division. So, in this room we're all looking forward to the fourth quarter and we're all looking forward to 2019.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yeah. But it's fair to say that over the last several years we have materially de-risked pension as a P&L type of issue for the company. The next question please.
Daniel S. Glaser: I mean, we watch – obviously, in a consulting brokerage firm, compensation and benefit is the largest cost of operating the business. And so, we watch it. We're a good payer, and we believe that we attract and retain very high quality colleagues. And so, we look at – across not only our industry but other industries in terms of attracting people in. So, our goal is not necessarily to drive our comp and then (00:48:35) as a percentage of revenue ratios lower. But having said that, we watch them very carefully, and when we look at a rolling 12-months basis over the last couple of years, it's relatively consistent. It's certainly – if anything, it's slightly lower than higher. So, we don't feel any inflation pressure on – with regard to higher levels of employment in the U.S. driving higher costs for us. I think the reality is, Meyer, for the last several years the unemployment rate in the U.S. for skilled positions in the areas in which we operate was zero. And so, from that standpoint, this situation has existed for a long period of time. Now, on the positive front, higher levels of employment creates – should create higher levels of business confidence, higher levels of payroll, higher levels of exposure units on things like workers' comp and casualty but that – time will tell on that as we move forward.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yeah. I mean at the end, it's mild. As we said, on the call when we talked about the restructuring the first time, we weren't going to quantify the number of bottom line savings. We believe some of the restructuring will drop to the bottom line that would probably be more impactful next year than this year. The other thing would be we are going to be reinvesting some of the savings in areas that we believe we can accelerate in digitization, data and analytics where we've been investing as we go. And in fact, obviously, it's a margin headwind as we build capabilities in those areas. We're not really getting much revenue in those areas now but we are certainly picking up the expense. But ultimately, we believe, revenue will come from that. And as we've done in the past – we've said in the past, we're sort of a pay-as-you go investment company. We've had pretty consistent CapEx over a number of years. We don't build up levels of investment, but where we see an opportunity and between digital analytics, AI, ML, RPAs, there's a lot going on in the world and we've got to participate. We've got to take some risks, we've got to innovate, some of that cost money, and we want to free up some money to do that without overly impacting our expense rates. And that's one of the reasons why we're dropping some of the restructuring into reinvestment as opposed to alter the bottom line.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yeah. I mean, there's a couple of things. One, I never believe you can buy people's loyalty. People work for a company, when they're highly skilled they have choices. They can work in a lot of different firms. We want them to choose the combined company, we want on both sides, Marsh & McLennan people and JLT people. And so we have to create the environment as a combined leadership team that essentially fuses the culture and preserves and celebrates those parts of JLT's culture, which are different from Marsh & McLennan and makes them so unique and special. And I think that's the single most important factor. Now, having said that, within our deal model they are on a go forward basis. We're certainly going to develop some level of appropriate retention mechanism for a select group of very key individuals but it will not be widely applied.
Daniel S. Glaser: Thank you, operator. I'd like to thank everybody for joining us on the call this morning. Thank our clients for their support and our colleagues for their hard work and dedication in serving them. Hope everybody has a good day. Thank you very much.
Mark McGivney: So, JLT is obviously a large transaction and it's going to have a lot of financial reporting implications, not the least of which as you intimate (00:27:54). There's going to be a lot of noncash intangible amortization coming through our P&L and it's actually common in a lot of large transactions where companies will make a switch to exclude that from their adjusted results. But all of that said we're still working through all. This is a large transaction. We're still working through all of the reporting implications. And we haven't reached any conclusions on that or other implications for how we report and I would expect in our fourth quarter call we'll have a lot more perspective.
Mark McGivney: Yeah. So, Kai, when we make the statement about margin expansion for the year, it is on the old basis of accounting. Remember, we didn't restate last year, and so we don't – we're not really projecting externally that way. Although, you'd expect given that there shouldn't be much year-over-year difference, you'd expect margin lift in either case.
Mark McGivney: Sure. So at least on RevRec, I'll say a few things to this – it's a dense topic. The first thing I'd say is, this is a major implementation of the standard across the firm and all the assumptions in that implementation with the approaches we had are all performing as designed. And so, any variance that you're seeing from the pro formas to actuals this year is just – it's a reflection of underlying business performance. And if you think about the impact that standard had is the – the part of our business that was most significantly impacted was Guy Carpenter and they're up significantly year-over-year. And so, we're happy with the way our implementation is going. But just remember the directional guidance that those pro formas represent, it's really the standard applied at a high level to our 2017 results and obviously 2018 is turning a little bit better. To your direct point, we are – so if you had just used that pattern of EPS adjustments across the quarters, we are seeing year-to-date a – more lift than those pro formas would have suggested. Again, it's primarily as a result of the outperformance in Guy Carpenters. It's real performance. And I would expect to give back a little bit more. So I think the pro formas in Q4 called for $0.05 of giveback in Q4. That's likely to be $0.01 or $0.02 higher. So at this point, there's probably a modest amount of year-over-year lift but we will give back more in the fourth quarter than we had anticipated. And so, that full year-to-date benefit you're seeing, we don't expect that will be the year-to-date benefit for the full year.
Mark McGivney: Ryan, it's too early to tell. Really, whether it comes to cash funding or the expense or credit looking forward, those things really depend on our year-end valuation and that's part of what we're doing now. So, we would typically comment on that in our fourth quarter call early next year.
