John Q. Doyle: Sure. Good morning, Elyse. Maybe I'll talk about growth overall and then drill down a bit on International. Overall, we grew 6% in the quarter when you include the impact of M&A. And as Mark and Dan both mentioned, the underlying growth rate for Marsh was 2% in the quarter, and though I expect stronger growth for Marsh, we did have a strong start to the year in 2017. U.S. did have a solid start to the year pretty much across the board. We also had a strong growth in Canada during the first quarter. In the International divisions, results were mixed around the world. The UK had a challenging start to the year. The economy there and London market challenges persisted for us and brought down the overall growth rate of EMEA and our International operation. Continental Europe, on the other hand, had a solid start to the year. As you know, the first quarter there is quite important to the full year results on the continent. And Asia Pac and Latin America continued to perform well in the quarter. You may have also noted that we've recently announced some changes to our international leadership team. Chris Lay is a Marsh veteran, will assume the leadership of our UK and Ireland operations subject to regulatory approval. Chris most recently had been leading our operations in Canada, where we have had a nice turnaround of various leadership over the course of the last couple of years. Sarah Robson is going to step in and assume the leadership of our operations in Canada for Chris. Then we also added Christos Adamantiadis on to the team. He's going to join us next week and lead our operations in the Middle East and Africa, which has also been a soft spot for us over the course of the last year or so. Christos was most recently the CEO of the Oman Insurance Company, and prior to that, he was a long-time vet in AIG's international insurance operations. So, I'm excited about those changes. They strengthen our leadership team as we look forward.
John Q. Doyle: Sure. Sure, Dan. We have recently begun an effort to simplify our organizational structure. The result of that will be fewer layers of management and our leaders on average will increase their spans of control. We're going to have greater consistency across our regional operations around how we're structured as well with more focus on the three client segments that we serve. Those three segments have been our large risk management clients, the middle market, or as we describe them at corporate accounts, and then the small commercial and consumer segments. We'll be more focused on those segments looking forward. We're also moving some decision making closer to the client as part of this process. All of this will enable us to move more quickly be more agile, as Dan mentioned which we think is very important to our clients in this environment. And we expect an improved client experience as a result of that, and we look forward to updating you on our effort with greater detail next quarter.
John Q. Doyle: Sure. Sarah, overall, I would characterize the market as stable. We saw rate change – an increase in rates just under 1% in the quarter, which was actually slightly less than what we observed in the fourth quarter. In the fourth quarter, we did observe a month to month uptick in pricing. We did not see that in the first quarter on our portfolio. Casualty pricing was down nearly 2% in the first quarter really driven by work comp where prices are under some pressure. Property was up just under 3% and the fourth quarter rates were up nearly 4%. Of course, in cat exposed property with HIM losses are – those accounts are experiencing more significant increases. FINPRO pricing, financial lines pricing was up almost 2% in the quarter which was up a bunch – or up compared to relatively flat result in the fourth quarter. In our regional view, U.S., Asia, Europe, Lat, all fairly flat or even down slightly. Australia pricing is probably the one exception where prices are up in the high-single to even low- to double digits by products. So markets remain competitive which as we discussed in October as what we expected. As Dan said, the numbers from insurers are can be a bit different to point out and I mentioned this last quarter as well, I think insurers typically don't include new business in their rate. It's renewal pricing change. Obviously some of our businesses – some of our business changes hands and that typically is happening at a cheaper price. I'd also say, not every insurer is the same, right, and the outcome for each insurer isn't the same. Insurers that have a lead position, for example, on important lines of business are typically able to drive greater rate change than maybe some falling markets that are more capacity players in certain product lines, so. But again, overall, things remain fairly competitive.
John Q. Doyle: We've earned a reputation of being a good buyer that leads to some really terrific conversation. So, we remain quite active in the market, obviously we're looking for high-quality assets that are good cultural fit and they're growth oriented. And it's typically in the middle market or the SME segment not exclusively. But we're quite active in conversations not just in the United States, but all around the world.
John Q. Doyle: We do attempt to adjust for certain changes in terms and conditions, so deductible or attachment point certainly being one of them, we do adjust for that where we can see direct correlation between certain exposure elements to pricing, we'll do that as well. But as Dan noted, it could account for some of the differences as well. We don't know the increased limit factors, for example, that an insurer would use as opposed to kind of how we see it. So, I'm sure that could account for some of the difference as well.
Daniel S. Glaser: Sure. Sure. And as you know, we've expanded margins in Consulting quite considerably over a number of years. As we said before, margin expansion for us is an outcome of our discipline to grow revenue in excess of expense over long periods of time. It's not going to happen every quarter. And in the first quarter, as you mentioned, Consulting was good on growth but light on margin expansion and we would take the trade-off of near-term margin impact to position us for future growth much as we've been doing over the last couple of years. And we do that all while we deliver strong operating income growth. So, in Mercer last year, we highlighted investments in areas such as Thomsons and Mercer Marketplace 365. These are growth areas, but they still represent some margin headwind as the scale continues to build in those businesses. In OW, we've been making investments in people and digital capabilities. We've also had a couple of small acquisitions that have a moderate negative impact on margin. But in our belief they improve our capabilities over the longer term. So, I just want to emphasize that we will continue to invest for growth and some of those actions periodically will have an impact on margin. Our focus is on growing operating earnings. Consulting grew NOI by 10% in the quarter, and they've averaged 10% NOI growth over the last five years. And so, that's where our primary focus is as opposed to margin. Next question please.
Daniel S. Glaser: There's opportunity for margin expansion in both of our segments, and I think we'll capture that over a number of years. We're always seeking ways to improve our speed and become more efficient as an organization and we tend to invest as we go and improve as we go. But periodically, there will be opportunities to make some structural improvement. Now, John and his team have been digging in to make Marsh more agile. It's not a huge change and it's not going to be a tremendously large cost for a company the size of Marsh. So I don't think we're going to talk much about it, but John can you add a little to it.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yeah. I mean, first of all, it's still in ongoing review. So, we're not going to comment in any great depth. As we said before, insurance companies and brokers have a love-hate relationship and we've been complaining to each other pretty equally over the last 50 years. So, I don't think much has changed. The softer the market the higher levels of complaints about brokers; and the harder the market the more brokers are complaining about carriers and their lack of supply. So, ultimately, I think, this is kind of business as usual in terms of activity between brokers and insurance companies. Next question, please.
Daniel S. Glaser: Sure. As we said before, we don't have a budget around acquisitions, although we are active. We have lots of conversation, as John was saying. We are definitely viewed as not only a top-tier company, a blue-chip company, but also a fair acquirer. We do what we say and we don't like renegotiate after the closing. We actually follow through with the team. And we believe, fundamentally, the chemistry and the quality of people on the other side are the most important factor. The economics, we can figure out if there's a meeting of the minds between both parties. And so, our philosophy is that we have no budget or timetable. Quality is the number one thing that we focus on. We prefer companies growing faster and that are trading below our multiple and where we have really good chemistry. And, actually, we seek acquisitions that will improve MMC broader, deeper, better, in terms of capabilities or segmentation. And I'm happy to say both in the RIS segment, particularly Marsh. And in the Consulting segment, we see a number of opportunities. It's a rich pipeline, but that doesn't mean we'll be closing a lot of deals. We also are a meticulous acquirer. We dig in deeply and we really want to understand the business and so we don't do many deals, but the ones that we do work, and as you've seen over the last number of years, I think since January 1 of 2009, we've done more than 130 transactions. And so from that standpoint, we're an active acquirer. When we look right now at where we are, the last couple of years, we've been spending about $1 billion a year in terms of value – of transaction value. That's as good, I guess, as any but there will be some years where it might only be a couple of hundred million dollars because for one reason or another it doesn't come together. So, we favor share – we favor acquisitions over share repurchase, but we favor share repurchase over building significant amounts of additional cash on our balance sheet. So from that standpoint, I would look at us as being we will commit that capital, it'll either be via acquisition or share repurchase in most circumstances.
Daniel S. Glaser: Not purchased data, not market data. And so different portfolios have different characteristics and different brokers skew to either larger accounts or mid-size accounts or smaller accounts. And the carriers have different levels of specialization and lines of business. And so that's where you're getting these differences.
Daniel S. Glaser: So, Mark, why don't you talk about FX in the quarter but also give some element of FX for the year as well.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yeah. So, we would be in line, because there is no margin impact, we'd expect it would be in line with what we saw in revenue.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yeah. I think there is a couple of things, one, if you look at the seasonality question that Mark was alluding to in his script, I mean, some of that plays out over the last couple of years. I wouldn't say that there is significantly higher level of investment in Consulting than there has been in the past. We tend to try to marry up revenue growth with expense growth. And so, what you'll see if you go quarter-by-quarter over the last several years is in quarters where we have higher revenue growth, you see higher expense growth. And so, it's not surprising that in a quarter where we have good top line in both Oliver Wyman and Mercer, we have some expense lift associated with it partly because a lot of our variable comp is driven by the top line in terms of how we fund the variable comp. We're looking at top line and bottom line effects on that. But in terms of underneath your question a little bit, and I want to talk a little bit about the seasonality that we alluded to for the second and third quarters, if you look at the expense growth for – well, first, if you go back to this year – this time last year, the first quarter of 2017, we stated in our scripts that we expected some weakness in the top line as we looked forward over the second and third quarter at that point in time. And so, therefore, we started taking expense actions to run the place pretty tight in our anticipation of a shorter top line. And if you look at Marsh as an example as expense growth in the second quarter of last year was a 1% level and then the third quarter on Mercer was minus 2%. And so, in some ways, in our second and third quarter in 2018, we're going to get back to a normal expense pattern. And so, therefore, you're going to see some expense lift just in the basis of the comparisons versus the year before.
Daniel S. Glaser: So, both Jelf and Bluefin and the combination of Jelf and Bluefin are performing as we expected on organic. Now to be fair, we want to see more organic from Jelf and Bluefin in the future but those acquisitions are not the cause of the weakness in the UK or in EMEA. I think it's more of a phenomena of the economy in the UK as well as the competitiveness and aggressiveness in the London market in specialty and in wholesale and so we're seeing some deep downdrafts on some business in those areas.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yeah. It's one of those things. We're talking about generally low levels of GDP growth in the U.S. It is mildly better. I think exposure units will be a benefit to our growth as we go forward. But you have to look at the mix of business, the competitive environment between brokers, but it is fair to say exposure unit as shown in values, in shipments, in payrolls are trending mildly up from where they've been. But there's not any dramatic change economic benefit or lift in 2018 versus 2017. It's kind of business as usual.
Daniel S. Glaser: The only thing I would add that our clients are also trying to grind out earnings growth in a low growth world as well and so they're structuring their programs accordingly, right. So we're working with them to try to match their costs.
Daniel S. Glaser: Okay. Thank you very much. Well, thank you to everybody for joining us on the call today. I'd like to thank our clients for their support and our colleagues for their hard work and dedication in serving them. Have a good day.
Peter Hearn: Yeah, Dan. We're very pleased with Guy Carpenter's performance in the first quarter. As you said, it's 7% underlying growth in Q1 over a strong comparable of 4% in Q1 2017. The Q1 growth benefited from a combination of continued strong new business growth, as well as from the overall rate environment. And we continue to have strong pipelines with new business opportunities throughout the year.
Peter Hearn: Yeah. Arash, obviously, we don't have enough data points yet to determine what's going to happen in Florida. But if I use one-one as a guide, I think that you'll see very much of a customized approach where those accounts that have sustained loss will probably have a drive toward rate increase and those that don't, I'd imagine with the abundance of capital that's in the market, prices will remain flat.
Peter Hearn: Yeah. I mean, we had two cat bonds in the quarter, Brian, and last year we did 11, the year before that, we did 9. It's been pretty consistent our involvement in the alternative capital space and particularly in the ILS part.
