Dan Glaser: Yes I'll take that Jay its Dan. Now what we tried to outline in our script we were saying to you that in terms of the pension expense that we are having planned actions to mitigate all of the pension expense headwind and so that's something that you don’t have to consider as having an impact on us, but we did point out that foreign exchange and the dollar in particular strengthening has much more of an impact than it would typically have in a given year. I mean when we look at FX as Mike was saying over the last three years, it's been $0.04 or $0.05 negative per year. The reality is over a 10 year period, it's an absolute wash and so it has no impact either way. As the U.S. multinational that's dollar-based they then operate in 130 different countries clearly we're going to always -- FX is always going to be a part of our results, but this is a higher level than we would seek to mitigate by taking operating actions. So we do expect foreign exchange ultimately to have a negative impact on our EPS for 2015.
Dan Glaser: I mean at the end, we don’t give EPS guidance and so I don’t -- really don’t want to go down that path. I mean the only guidance we've given which we outlined on Investor Day last year was that we believe over a long period of time that we would deliver a CAGR of 13% a year and we still believe that. So any shareholder that is a shareholder over a long period of time, we are committing to a 13% CAGR on EPS. There's a lot of moving parts with respect to what generate EPS, it's way too early in the year for me to even have a view on that, I mean a lot has to do with top-line growth et cetera. And I would want to point also that on a constant currency basis if you looked at our business on that basis, we'd still be comfortable with saying that in 2015, we would deliver something akin to our long-term commitment of 13%. Next question please.
Dan Glaser: Acquisition we don’t budget for acquisitions. We have a pipeline and we worked the pipeline because so there could be a lot of variability with respect to acquisition. So it's a hard thing to peg right now I mean I would say and put it in the context we are committed to reducing our share account each year and we are committed to double digit increases in our dividend and so on that basis you can pretty much take what we did last year and extrapolate from there.
Dan Glaser: No it's accounting in both ways. So both the pension headwind and offset are both accounting items. 
Dan Glaser: Sure I'll start with that and then I'll hand over to Mike. Clearly and as we discussed at Investor Day and after Investor Day our view overtime is to reduce the cash on the balance sheet somewhat and increase our overall level of leverage as well and put that extra amount of money to work and so if you look at year-end 2014 versus year-end 2013 we increased our debt by 433 million and we reduced our cash by 362 million and so that's part of a strategy and so I think you'll see that on an ongoing basis and emphasis on reducing cash on the balance sheet and increasing our overall level of leverage but Mike what would you add to that.
Dan Glaser: Yes I mean I'll just take that I mean at the end of the day the consolidation in both insurance, reinsurance and insurance broking is really a 25 year story and so there's been new capital formation, there's been consolidation and that's kind of story continues. We exist to serve our clients and so having a robust competitive market with a lot of choices is good for our clients and good for both Marsh and Guy Carpenter and even with the recent consolidations and announce consolidation, there is a significant level of competition in the insurance industry at multiple levels and multiple fronts. And so I don't there has been any direct or indirect impact on our business as a result nor do we plan for there to be impacts as a result of consolidation in the insurance sector. 
Dan Glaser: First of all it's really a Marsh question I suppose to a broader risk and insurance services question because they don't specifically outline Carpenter on a Latin America basis. Latin America is one of our strongest growth regions and has been for quite a period of time as a company -- as a full company. One of the reasons why if you look at our acquisition strategy and then look at 2014, we made acquisitions in Peru, Panama and the Dominican Republic, so we're absolutely committed to Latin America as a region and we see it as having tremendous growth potentials in the future. Peter you want to take the specific question. 
Dan Glaser: Well let me just take the question broadly as the margin question. As we've said couple of times before well margins improve in our organization as an outcome of us growing revenue at a faster rate than we grow expense. We're most focused on revenue growth and organic revenue growth in particular and increasing our earnings. And the margin improvement sort of comes a little bit further down on the Hit Parade. Having said that for both RIS in the quarter up a 100 basis points and consulting up 120 bps and MMC for the quarter being up 70 bps points and for the year being up 70 bps we're very pleased with that performance, we think it's strong margin performance and our 7th straight year of margin improvements and the 5th straight year that our margins were up in both segments. And so we feel very good about our margins and I just want to say that on a going forward basis and in particular for 2015 we believe we can improve our margins notwithstanding the headwinds that we're facing, we believe that we will improve our margins in 2015 in both segments. 
Dan Glaser: I indicated it in 2014 our contributions into the pension plans were roughly 180 million and we're expecting this year for it to be roughly 190 million.
Dan Glaser: What we are going to do is the pension issue of one year at a time. I'm hoping that’s it sort of that you have seven years of fam and seven years of fees to them ready for my interest fees at some point. So bear in mind what generally when something a headwind for you and is macro it can turn around and become a tail wind and it could last for a long period of time. And so obviously the many analysts how are much more experts and I for several year have been predicting movement towards higher interest rate. And there is been significant amount of macro factors that have inhibited that move. But ultimately we feel over time that interest rates over several years are more likely to higher than lower. But Mike you have anything to add.
Dan Glaser: Well you're right Tom that is probably on the consulting side geared more to Scott then to Julio, Scott you want to take that question.
Dan Glaser: The U.S is a little different in Europe and they restructured earlier in the crisis and it's a more stable system now I think with less solvency and capital issues. But it's a factor that has most of you on the call no enormous growth challenges in the years ahead. So I think there will be it won't be what necessary in Europe which is wholesale restructuring of the banking sector. But here there is got to be refinement for the banking model and that could involve people from outside the U.S or from inside the U.S but it also represents a pretty big opportunity for us.
Dan Glaser: I'll speak broadly and then hand over to Peter. I would look at this subject more broadly as carrier revenue streams. And there's always certain parts of our company where we actually earn contingent commission, but clearly there's carrier revenue streams for all brokers in multiple countries. The most important thing around carrier revenue streams is principles around them of putting clients' interest first and being transparent, so Peter you have something to add.
Dan Glaser: We'll follow it up to make sure we give you a precise answer with Keith, but nothing that I'm aware of. Next question operator.
Dan Glaser: Yes, sure. Most leaders are outliers on one basis to another you don’t get to be great by following a path and so we do set our own path at Marsh & McLennan and part of that path is we're a balanced organization when you look at our return of capital to shareholders it's via acquisitions and growing our company for the betterment of shareholders and clients and colleagues overtime through repurchases and through dividends and so you will see us deploying more levels of capital and as Mike indicated the 2.3 billion that we did last year will almost certainly be higher in 2015 than it was in 2014 so we're very much committed to returning capital to shareholders and but also a very balanced organization in terms of our strategy and our thinking of the ways that we return that capital so I'd hope that answers your question Mike. Operator I think that might actually do it and let's -- we could take one more question I think other than that I think the conference should be over.
Dan Glaser: And operator and all those on the call thank you for joining us on the call this morning. I just want to reaffirm that I am tremendously optimistic about our future, our core operations are very strong, I feel privileged to lead this great company and I would like to thank our clients for their support and our colleagues for their hard work and dedication in serving them. Thank you. 
Mike Bischoff: Yes, thank you Dan. Obviously with regard to corporate tax for in the U.S we would be very pleased to see a lower overall corporate tax rate. However, the other thing that's very difficult for us is the U.S multinational company is bringing our international earnings back into the United States for investments and returning capital to shareholders but anything that can be done to alleviate that and help us make U.S investments and return capital to our shareholders we would certainly be in favor of.  We do not count on reform until it's implemented and so in looking at your question on forward guidance I would point out just make a few observations -- point out a few things. First our overall tax rate has averaged 30% over the last five years and so that's probably a very on an adjusted basis and that's probably a fairly good number to model for 2015 until some legislative change occurs. We're just as in -- Scott pointed out in the fourth quarter it's lower on an adjusted basis it's about 29.5% and on a GAAP basis 27.7%. On the GAAP basis that's really due to the U.S tax treatment for the debt extinguishment. So, on a more normalized basis probably around 30%. 
Mike Bischoff: Yes Kai, I would say that the $2.3 billion that we committed to an utilized in 2014 it will be at least that amount in 2015. 
Mike Bischoff: Yes Dan I probably can't add too much but just to start with premise, it's nice that we have four operating companies that generate increasing amounts of not only revenue and earnings but cash flow, so it's a very nice position to be in as a Chief Financial Officer to work with my colleagues in these operation. So the first premise is that we expect our operating cash flow to go up in that regard. Dan I would completely agree with you, we used about 350 million of excess cash that was on our balance sheet. We're certainly going to try and do that probably in the same magnitude this year, limited a bit to what international acquisitions we may see and our ability as I mentioned earlier to bring cash back -- international cash back into the U.S. in a tax efficient manner, so in that regard we're looking to fairly robust year in 2015 above what we did in 2014.
Mike Bischoff: Okay, thank you, yes we're not assuming it is actually based upon where interest rates are at the end of 2014 which is used for the measurement for pension going forward. And just an example the discount rate was roughly 5.3% at the end of '13 in the U.S, it was 4.3% at the end of '14. In the UK it was 4.6% at the end of '13 and about 3.65% at the end of '14; those are the two largest plans. But if we look at it throughout the world it was unusual that in almost every geography we dealt in whether it was Canada, Ireland or what have you interest rates across the maturity ladder that you use for pensions which is more mid to longer-term were down a 100 basis points. 
Mike Bischoff: It is a very limited impact on cash not material to the organization. I think that’s $9 million or $10 million.
Mike Bischoff: And Dan I would start with you’re the same promise that you did which is we will only deal with it year by year. But as I said there is many factors that go into the issues with regards to not only pension expense but with regards to funding requirements and one of the main things is our assets and however assets done. And the nice thing that our asset performance last year was very substantial growing not only in the U.S but very strongly in the UK and around the world. And so we had very good asset performance. So not withstanding that what happens is the liability goes up with regards to interest rates most at the end of the year which we think to some extent is transitory of course many firms now six years and over a low interest rate environment would use the word transitory. I wonder what deterioration of that would be. But that said is really with regards to the asset level and the performance. But based upon what we're seeing today we're not anticipating a more change in our cash contribution into the pension plans but as Dan said we'll take it year by year.
Mike Bischoff: Yes just had additional color as Dan said approximately half of the impact will be felt in the first quarter for the reasons that Dan articulated. And then if you look at over the course of the entire year whereas risk and insurance services will feel it most dramatically in the first quarter, over a course of entire year consulting will feel it a little bit more than risk and insurance services. So we will get through the big year-over-year headwind in the first quarter and then it will tail off a bit but it will still be fairly robust against us but like I said about half of it in the first quarter. 
Julio Portalatin: So as we reported it back in October we're very pleased with the progress that we're making in our sane strategy, we reported north of 1 million lives that had summed up between active and Medicare and that continues to be robust in terms of pipeline that's building. Many of the clients that we had as you know in the middle market space but more importantly even for us 5,000 and above number of lives we actually doubled the amount of clients that came to us this year, last year was about 6%, this year is about 14%. So are beginning to see the edging up let's say of the type of clients that have a more volume in terms of employees.  Now it can be said also that if you compare that to middle market larger market clients or jumbo clients have been a bit slower to make this transition over but we're beginning to see some of it got to move over until high prices of employees. And that’s important because middle market clients well they continued increase we certainly want to have our share of also the jumbo market as that continues. So the pipeline is robust it's looking good for 2015. All of the numbers that we had projected in terms of number of lives per employee have come in right about what we expected, all of the savings that we also projected up to 15% are coming in right around what we expected, so, so far so good we're very excited about the prospects and continue to invest in our marketplace strategy for short, medium and long-term success. 
Julio Portalatin: Again very supportive of Dan's comments in terms of what our umbrella is as we go after acquisitions. But you probably took notice that in 2014 we had an increase of acquisition opportunities that came versus way of course starting with the Alexander Forbes investments that we made just north of $300 million in addition to that we've made the Jeitosa Group acquisition which is significantly important to us for work day implementation in both Europe and the U.S. And we've made the strategic acquisition for HCM which is an alternative investment base that we want to expand because we opportunity there and I'm sure you see the numbers that investments management business is really growing for us. So we're going to continue and concentrate on were the growth areas are and where the opportunity for growth is. And that is our number objective right now and all the culture issues are taking care et cetera we're looking for expansion of growth opportunities geographically and within segments.
Julio Portalatin: Growth this quarter for investments was driven by new money from clients' wins and market performance for greater regulatory oversight and governance requirement it also led to increased demand for de-risking advice, insurance company buyout solutions and implementation advice. So we did cross the 100 billion mark of assets under management in the third quarter and we ended the year over 115 billion in assets under management, so the equity market obviously also help us as some of that is on a fee-based and in relation to the performance, but I will also say that we monitor that very carefully so we can control volatility and much of our growth also comes on a fix-fee basis.  And we have a pretty robust investment business across the globe, it's not just in the U.S. right it's about one-third of it that actually ends up being our financial services business in Australia, about one-third of it is investment consultancy which is mostly in the U.S. and Europe and then we have the investment management business which you're referring to onto the assets under management. So we continue to have a pretty robust growth trajectory there, good mix in business growing with great ambition for the future, we'll continue to invest as well.
Peter Zaffino: Of course very consistent with what you just said Dan its quality each companies that have a track record of growth once that have geographical compliments. And we also are a very disciplined on our segmentation strategy. We like to be patients I think that’s evidence in how we pursued agencies Marsh & McLennan agency we're now entering our sixth year in the journey. But we feel very proud of the high quality agencies that we've been able to acquire. We integrate a group of best practices and so not only do we grow through acquisition we've been growing organically and have a very strong pipeline and we always are very committed to investing in business after we acquire them. So we like the SME space I can't see its expanding across the world overtime but again will be patient and try to find the right fit.
Peter Zaffino: Yes, sure thanks Dan. So we had underlying growth of 3% and it certainly is not reflecting its historic growth rates on a quarter-to-quarter basis. But there is a few things that happened in the quarter, so I will try to give a little bit more detail. One is we had a challenging comparable from the prior fourth quarter which had 13% growth, we had some one-time items from prior year acquisitions that didn't repeat in the fourth quarter of 2014, we had significant non-recurring business so some of the really strong business we saw in 2013 did not recur and we're seeing some impact from the economic slowdown. But as Dan said if you take a look at the full year we had 10% growth it's going to be lumpy from time to time if you look at even international we had 5% organic growth, if you look at each quarter there have been different parts of international that have contributed 130 countries and so we think it is very well balanced, it's a major contributor to what's in terms of top-line organic growth as a percentage basis but just putting context it's about 7% of Marsh's total revenue. 
Peter Zaffino: Yes Dan there has not been much change in terms of the question on contingents or insurer revenue. As you said, we have been working very hard at Marsh to lead the industry in transparency and disclosure, and avoid business practices that have conflicts of interest. So we have not seen any increases or demands of changing how insurer revenue remunerates brokers.
