John Doyle: Good morning and thank you for joining us to discuss our fourth quarter results reported earlier today. I'm John Doyle, the President and CEO of Marsh McLennan. Joining me on the call today is Mark McGivney, our CFO; and the CEOs of our businesses, Martin South of Marsh; Dean Klisura of Guy Carpenter; Martine Ferland of Mercer; and Nick Studer of Oliver Wyman. Also with us this morning is Sarah Dewitt, Head of Investor Relations. I am excited to be leading this call today for the first time as President and CEO. Marsh McLennan is an outstanding company with unique capabilities in the critical areas of risk, strategy and people. We help clients address their greatest challenges and find new possibilities as they navigate dynamic environments. We have exceptional talent, a wide range of solutions and a track record of execution in financial performance. Our leadership team is focused on delivering the full capabilities of Marsh McLennan to our clients, continuously improving the client and colleague experience, efficiently managing capital and driving growth and value for shareholders. Over the past year, I've been meeting with colleagues and clients to exchange ideas about how we can accelerate impact for clients and enable their success. These conversations reinforce my conviction that we are in the right businesses with strong brands and deep client relationships. I am confident that we have meaningful opportunity at the intersections of our businesses, where together our scale, data, insights and solutions are highly valued by clients. The strength of our unique value proposition has us well positioned for the years ahead. Today, we are focused, aligned, and succeeding together as our results demonstrate. 2022 was an outstanding year for Marsh McLennan. We generated 9% underlying revenue growth, continuing our best period of growth in more than two decades with each of our businesses delivering strong results. Our total revenue surpassed $20 billion and adjusted operating income grew 11% to $4.8 billion. This was on top of 18% growth in 2021. We reported adjusted margin expansion for the 15th consecutive year. Adjusted EPS growth was 11%. I am particularly pleased with this performance as our results included costs related to our strategic investments in talent and the continued normalization of T&E. These results also came on top of 24% growth in 2021, and we delivered significant capital return to shareholders raising our dividend by 10% and completing $1.9 billion of share repurchases the largest annual amount in our history.
John Doyle: Good morning, David. There's nothing defensive about the move, right? We took steps to align our workforce and skill sets with the evolving needs of our clients. You know, as I noted, when I outlined some of the highlights of the global risk report, those client challenges and opportunities are constantly evolving in dynamic and we've also identified some opportunities to create some greater efficiencies across our businesses. We're working more closely together. We've rationalized some technology, reduced our real estate footprint. So it's not an indication of what we think the economic outlook is.
John Doyle: Yes, it's a mix. It's fairly balanced between the three different areas. And you know, as Mark noted, we're still doing some work and we see some further opportunities. However, I think it's likely that further charges would be less than what we took in the fourth quarter here. But again we're challenging ourselves looking at where we've got talent, how it comes together, matching that against evolving needs in the marketplace and then pushing ourselves to operate in a different way and a more efficient way.
John Doyle: Sure, thanks Jimmy for the question. You know, as I noted in my comments, it was a very challenging January 1st property cat renewal. We expected it to be a challenging renewal season prior to Ian, and then Ian of course exacerbated it. You know, I did mention that some of the higher costs are offset a bit by higher retentions. My comments there were primarily about reinsurance and not insurance. But I'll ask Dean and Martin to comment a bit in a second, but what I would say I commented on the higher cat losses over the last several years. Reinsurers of course now have a higher cost to capital, inflation mark to market losses on the asset side of their balance sheet, just FX as well, a number of the big reinsurers and a lot other cat programs in the United States created some FX challenges as well. So, just a number of different factors led to a really reevaluation of pricing and capacity deployment from some of the bigger capital providers. But Dean, maybe you'll, you can go first and give an overview.
John Doyle: Yes, we're, I'm not going to give margin guidance, on the call, Elyse, and thanks for your question. Again, I think we're well positioned. We're in terrific businesses, just outstanding talent. And while there's some macro uncertainty, of course, that's out there, we expect strong revenue growth this year and we expect to increase our margins over the course of the year. Mark and I both shared a bit, what we expect to flow to the bottom line from the program this year. But we expect to maintain that discipline, that financial discipline that we've had for many years and to expand margin and to have strong adjusted EPS growth this year.
John Doyle: We have been in that environment before. We've been around a long time, but it's been close to 20 years since we've operated in that kind of environment. We expect a good year of revenue growth at Guy Carpenter. As I noted in my prepared remarks ceded premiums won't track that rate increase, right? As our insurance company clients retained more risk or have their cap programs attached at a higher level. We work with our clients, of course, to manage our compensation. We're very transparent about that. In some cases, they're cat commission agreements that we have with our, with our clients, but again, we expect it to be a good year for Guy Carpenter.
John Doyle: As I said, we work through that with our clients. We have agreements with them and a very transparent dialogue about how we're remunerated. Thank you.
John Doyle: Thanks Mike for the question. As I noted in my prepared remarks, while we're not immune to the macro economy, of course, there are some real factors that support growth of Marsh & McLennan. In the risk side of our business inflation is one of those areas. So, whether it's wage inflation, core inflation, higher and of course inflation leads to higher losses and more discipline in the pricing environment. All of those issues are supportive of growth. It's a client by client outcome though, right? Some of our clients, there are winners and losers in any economy, of course and some of those distinctions might be more stark in an economy like we're in today. And so some are operating from a position of strength and others of course, will need to be more defensive. So we work through that with them, client by client, but broadly speaking, inflation and nominal GDP, is more indicative of demand for our revenue and our services than real GDP.
John Doyle: Sure, Mike. So let me start by just saying that Oliver Wyman is just a really important part of our value proposition for our clients and a critical part of our company. They advise the C-suite on the critical issues of the day and really help us differentiate our value proposition. We had an outstanding year of growth in 2022 on top of 21% growth in 2021 and over the midterm, medium term, we expect higher growth out of Oliver Wyman than our other businesses. So having said that, we do expect some moderation of growth. So Nick, maybe I'll ask you to share an outlook with Mike.
John Doyle: Well, you know, as I shared we expect mid-single-digits underlying revenue growth or better for this year, that's the guidance we're sharing. As I noted Robert in my prepared remarks, we're in terrific businesses, we're well positioned in those businesses, just have outstanding talent and a culture that makes us an employer of choice as well. So we feel good about our growth prospects for the near-term.
John Doyle: You know, we're trying to balance, obviously, the near-term and the mid-term. The growth in fiduciary income may or may not be correlated to client demand or opportunities that we see. It's obviously connected to other macro factors. But you know, I think part of the steps that we took in the fourth quarter, the actions that we took in the fourth quarter create capacity for us to make investments and to become a stronger business going forward.
John Doyle: No. it would not be, it would not be negative Andrew, but, and thank you for your question. It was a very strong year of growth at both Marsh and at Guy Carpenter. I would note Guy Carpenter is a very, very small quarter. And so again, we're quite pleased with the revenue growth. And as I've said a number of times this morning, Guy Carpenter is very well positioned for good strong growth in 2023. At Marsh, it was an outstanding year. You know, 8% for the year, 6% in the quarter. You know, as we noted, I mean, I'll ask Martin to comment on this in a second. Marsh in the U.S. had some headwinds related to the capital markets, right? So, and Martin mentioned earlier the impact of pricing. We had fewer M&A with less M&A activity, less ITO activity. So as Martin pointed out that an impact on pricing there, but it was more of a volume issue. We expected that entering into the fourth quarter. It's also a headwind for us into the first quarter as well. But we expect a good growth year in 2023. Martin, maybe you could provide a little bit more color to share your thoughts on 2023 and our growth at the end of 2022.
John Doyle: You know Yaron our commission levels have been fairly constant for a number of years. As I said, with some of our larger clients at Guy Carpenter, we've had capped commission agreements that have been in place for many years. And so we work with those clients to be fairly remunerated for the work that we do over the course of the year. And so, we have good, healthy relationships with those clients and work our way through them. So I don't think there's really anything more to share than that.
John Doyle: No. we feel terrific about the strategic talent that we brought into the organization over the course of the last couple of years. We invested in talent last year as well. The returns on those investments have been absolutely terrific and driving a meaningful amount of our growth in 2022 and we expect it to drive growth for us in 2023 as well. So as I said, the actions that we took were more about aligning our workforce and skillsets with evolving needs. And it also is connected in some part with how we challenged ourselves to operate more efficiently, more simply and bringing our businesses closer together.
John Doyle: Well, it's hard to talk about lag with any precision. And my comments earlier about the broader environment really carry the day. I mean, yes, it's an uncertain environment. It's maybe modestly more positive when you think about the reopening of China and how Europe has at least so far successfully managed energy related risks and the impact on the economy in Europe. Having said that, there's still meaningful geopolitical risks out there. But for us, again, nominal GDP is more indicative than real GDP and demand remains strong for us in our businesses. So, as I said, we expect a bit of a moderation of demand at Oliver Wyman, but broadly speaking, our businesses overall including strong growth prospects for Guy Carpenter remain quite healthy. And if things get more difficult, we know how to perform in a more challenging environment. We have the playbook and we're ready to execute on that playbook. We're a resilient business and so we'll navigate whatever comes in front of us.
John Doyle: Yes, thanks Ryan for the question. As I said last year start 15th consecutive year of margin expansion, and we expect 2023 to be our 16th consecutive year. I was pleased with the margin improvement, particularly in light of the investments that we've made in talent. So, it's a modest improvement, slight improvement in the comp and then ratio. But again, margin is an outcome for us. We're focused on growing earnings growing the free cash of the business and we're going to invest where we think it makes sense, where we think it can make us stronger as a business and accelerate client impact. But at the same time, what's not going to change here is our focus on continuous improvement and our commitment to excellent financial performance.
John Doyle: Sure. My voice has been in our strategy for nearly seven years now. As I said in my prepared remarks, we're in the right businesses. We've got market leading brands. We're well positioned, just outstanding talent. It's a real privilege to get to work with the folks that I get to work with every day. And as I said, our focus on continuous improvement and our commitment to excellent financial performance are not going to change here. Having said that, I see some real opportunities at the intersections of our businesses. Client needs are dynamic as we talked about, and those needs don't fit neatly into the boxes on our org chart. We're a big company. We need to be organized in certain ways, but those needs don't necessarily fit again against not all of them anyway, don't fit neatly into how we're organized. And so we're going to be more deliberate about how we collaborate. We've got a unique collection of capabilities. We're going to go to market together where we think it makes sense and where it makes sense is where we can accelerate client impact and enable our client success. And our colleagues are passionate about client success and the work that they do on behalf of clients. So they're excited about the possibilities. I'm excited about the possibilities. We're also going to work more closely together to drive some efficiencies across our business. So I see a lot of opportunity. Again, I think we're in terrific businesses and a terrific team here and I'm excited about the days ahead. Thank you, Ryan. Andrew that was the last question, we'll wrap it up now.
John Doyle: Thanks, Andrew. And thank you all for joining us on the call this morning. In closing, I want to thank our over 85,000 colleagues for their hard work and dedication in a challenging year. And I also want to thank our clients for their continued confidence in Marsh McLennan. Thank you all very much and I look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
Mark McGivney: Thanks Jimmy. Good morning. We certainly see continued upside in fiduciary income as we look to this year. Rates really didn't start to move till the back half of the year as you know. And even though it seems like a little bit of slowdown in a lot of places, the expectation is rates have not peaked. And also remember even for the fourth quarter, that's an average rate over the course of the quarter and rates moved even in the quarter. So it is something that we expect to continue to give us benefit into this year.
Mark McGivney: And Andrew that pretty much was the final step of integration with the JLT and it related to basically the provisions for shutting down abandoning their headquarters in London as we were able to finally consolidate all of our headcount into our location and into Tower Place. That is an action that was planned at the very early stages of the integration. It just took us that long to refit Tower Place to accommodate all the headcount.
Mark McGivney: Sure. so Brian, we do plan to deploy about $4 billion of capital. The largest source of that capital deployment will be free cash flow that we expect to generate. We also entered, if you saw our balance sheet, we entered the year with a little bit of cash from the debt raise we did late last year. So, that will provide some additional capital as well.
Mark McGivney: Well, free cash flow for us has been a great story as you know, over a long period of time and over time tends to track pretty well with our strong earnings growth. And our outlook is for solid earnings growth. But cash flow can be volatile. So we generally stay away from predicting free cash flow with precision. But as I said, the biggest source of capital underpinning our projected deployment is going to be the free cash flow we generate.
