J. Michael Bischoff: Thank you, Dan and good morning everyone. In the third quarter, Marsh & McLennan’s revenue increased 7% to $3.1 billion, or a 5% on an underlying basis. Adjusted operating income grew 11% to $458 million, and the adjusted margin rose 50 basis points to 14.6%. GAAP EPS increased 20% to $0.54 and adjusted EPS rose 22% to $0.56, so another outstanding quarter both from a revenue growth and earnings standpoint. Investment income, investment income was $26 million in the third quarter, including $24 million of carried interest in Trident III. We expect that the investment income in the fourth quarter should be de minimis.  We had highlighted on our second quarter earnings call that any investment income that may occur in the last half of the year would most likely be offset by corporate initiatives, including strengthening our cyber security protections, expenses related to strategic investments, and transformation efforts, primarily within HR and finance. Approximately half of the investment income in the third quarter was offset by these initiatives, brining third quarter corporate expense to $58 million. The level of spending in the fourth quarter for corporate initiatives should be similar to the amount spent this quarter. Foreign exchange, as expected the negative effects of foreign exchange on risk and insurance services continued in the third quarter and most likely foreign exchange will negatively impact the fourth quarter as well. Mercer completed its investment in Alexander Forbes in early October. As previously announced, Mercer’s investment of approximately $300 million consists of two tranches, 15% last July when Alexander Forbes completed its initial public offering and approximately 19% in early October following the completion of customary regulatory approvals. This transaction will be accounted for under the equity method and reported on a one-quarter lag basis. Accordingly in the fourth quarter, we will include the initial 15% share of Alexander Forbes’ earnings, net of tax and amortization.  Beginning in the first quarter of next year, the full 34% ownership will be reflected as net revenue in Mercer’s operating results.  Debt, in early September, we issued $800 million of debt, including $300 million of 2.35% five-year senior notes and $500 million of 3.5% ten and a half year senior notes. In early October, we used the proceeds to pay down $630 million of future debt obligations, including $230 million that was due to mature next September and $400 million due in 2019. Expenses of 135 million for the early extinguishment of this debt were approximately $0.17 per share will be shown as a discreet item on our fourth quarter income statement. This expense will be excluded from our adjusted results in the fourth quarter. The recent debt refinancing allowed us to take advantage of low interest rates, extended the maturity of our overall debt portfolio, lowered our annual interest expense and reduced future refinancing risk. As our next bond maturity of $250 million is not due until April 2017. We have now completed the reshaping of our debt maturity ladder that began three years ago. At the end of last year debt on our balance sheet was $3 billion with an average interest rate of 5.1%. Today our debt outstanding is $3.4 billion with an average interest rate of 3.9%.  Cash utilization, cash was $2.65 billion at the end of the third quarter including the $800 million debt financing in September. Approximately $1.8 billion was held internationally. As I just discuss, $765 million was used to pay down the two debt maturities in early October. Cash utilized in the third quarter included $154 million for dividends, a $173 million for acquisitions and investments including Mercer’s initial investment in Alexander Forbes of a $137 million and $250 million to repurchase $4.8 million shares. This marks the tenth consecutive quarter of share buy backs.  Through nine months, cash deployed included $612 million for acquisitions and investments, $600 million to repurchase $11.8 million shares and $429 million for dividends. In total we have utilized more than $1.6 billion for dividends, acquisitions and share repurchase this year. This certainly has us on track to reach our target of $2.1 billion for the year.  At the end of the third quarter shares outstanding declined to $542 million from $547 million at the end of last year. In the third quarter the quarterly dividend increased 12% with the board having authorized the fourth quarter dividend of $0.28. Annual dividends per share this year will grow 10.4%. Clearly we’re delivering on our Investor Day commitments to reduce the share count every year and to increase dividends by double-digits on an annual basis.  Lastly I would like to reiterate what Dan said earlier. Our results in the third quarter were outstanding continuing the excellent performance we have achieved throughout the first nine months of this year.  With that I’m happy to turn it back to Dan. 
J. Michael Bischoff: Yeah and good morning Dan, thank you for the question. You are absolutely right as we manage our cash needs across the year, we have to take into account the seasonality of the needs, any acquisitions, obviously the dividend payments that we make, but then the appetite we have for share repurchase, and as you know from our Investor Day in March of this year, we’re anticipating a fairly significant amount and level of a share repurchase throughout the entire year. I think it was 600 million through the first three quarters and we certainly are planning to continue to do that through the fourth quarter.  Specifically to your question, the U.S. cash and the international cash, we typically build our cash positions throughout the company in the second half of the year and work them up towards our bonus payments that occur at the end of February of the following year. So looking at this year, we basically utilized our cash in the first quarter and then we began to build it up and that will continue to build up through the fourth quarter. But specifically on repatriation, we have not done that much repatriation of our international excess funds into the US through the first three quarters. We are planning to begin to do that more so in the fourth quarter, as well as in the first quarter in anticipation of the bonus payments, as I said, at the end of February of 2015.
J. Michael Bischoff: Yeah, so a couple of things on that, first of all, most of the hiring was last year as opposed to this year but we are still very alive to the opportunity that Guy Carpenter has as a premier provider in the space to hire more people now or in the future. So – and in terms of – I always shy away from those types of questions and answers that I hear across the space about production, people and production talents and what they would generally produce. We are a content company. Our job is to build the skills and capabilities of the organization. And when we hire people, we are largely hiring them to serve existing clients and we expect that our great service of existing clients will lead to more opportunities on that business and on perspective business on new clients in the future but it’s never a calculation for us as to we are hiring these people and we are hoping they create revenue this amount this year and certain amount the following year after that. So we are building capabilities as opposed to sales capacity per se. It’s sales based upon content capability. Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you very much.
J. Michael Bischoff: Jay, this is Mike. I think on an adjusted basis, it was 6% year-to-date. I just want to make sure that in operating income growth, make sure everyone has the correct facts. Okay, but your question is still right considering that we’ve been delivering across MMC double-digit adjusted operating income growth for quite a period of time now. I think that we are in our sixth straight year of double-digit adjusted operating income growth for the company. We look at what we’ve said before that 3% is – 3% organic growth is sort of the sweet spot for the company and then when we grow above 3%, it’s easier for us to not only drive adjusted operating income growth but also margin as well. And clearly when you look on a year-to-date basis, Guy Carpenter year-to-date has grown 1%, which basically means we are not looking for any margin expansion from Guy Carpenter and in fact we’ll spend any amount of money to protect the franchise and build the franchise for the future.  And so underneath the covers, you can pretty much imagine that Guy Carpenter is having a year where we’re treading water at best on a margin basis and margin is still rocketing forward and that overall arrives in a result. And so when we look forward into the future, we live as we were mentioning earlier in a tremendously uncertain environment with a lot of moving parts. But I don’t think there is a finer risk and insurance services organization in the world nor finer risk and insurance services leadership team, so I would bet on us in terms of being able to optimize whatever value is available in the world with respect to risk and insurance services.
J. Michael Bischoff: Well, thank you, Dan. And Josh, excellent question, and as Dan indicated, there is a number of premises with regard to our commitment to investors. The first premise and something that we’ve shared with investors is for many years our free cash flow was basically diverted into other activities. But starting several years ago and currently and going forward, that free cash flow is available for reinvestment in the business, acquisitions, capital expenditures, it’s in return on capital of the shareholders in the form of share repurchase and dividends. So when we looked at 2014, we had a few things going on.  First we had a very high level of cash going into the year more than just on a seasonal basis and our intent was to utilize our excess cash over the course of 2014, which we have been doing and we will continue to do. Then the second thing which is one premise of your question then is, well, is that all there is and what does that mean for the implications going forward? Well, as Dan indicated and we would like to anticipate, we plan on very healthy increases in our free cash flow going into next year and continuing.  The third thing has to do with debt capacity and we came into this year with $3 billion of debt on our balance sheet and we have $3.4 billion as it stands today. We feel our credit metrics have improved over the last three, four years and in fact, we think that the credit metrics will continue to improve over the next two to four years. However, it also means that within that improvement of credit metrics basically because of earnings growth, we feel we have a little bit more capacity to grow our debt. So overall, it’s a combination of utilizing our excess cash, little bit higher debt levels, but mainly the core of it is very strong operating earnings, very strong cash flow, and the growth of that cash flow.
J. Michael Bischoff: And you’ll see that all in our corporate line as you did this quarter with corporate expenses being $58 million, as Dan indicated our normal run-rate of corporate expenses is around $45 million. So you saw it very clearly in this quarter and you’ll see it most likely to the same extent in the next quarter. Joshua D. Shanker – Deutsche Bank AG:  Thank you and congratulation on the quarter.
Daniel S. Glaser: Thanks, Elyse. It’s Dan. Let me just start by talking about the overall company for a little bit, I mean clearly we’re happy with the growth. The quarter was 5% for Marsh & McLennan Companies and year-to-date is also 5%. Within this and as we’ve said before each OPCO is different, some have more headwinds than others. If I look at both March, Marsh’s 4% year-to-date, Mercer’s 3% year-to-date, Guy Carpenter at 1% and Oliver Wyman at 15% and that mix taken together gives us our 5%. I would still bracket us though in a 3% to 5% organic growth world. I think that’s really where the performance has been and there’s a lot of uncertainty out there. So generally when we’re looking at our planning cycle and how we run the business and how we prepare for investments etcetera, it’s anticipating that we’re still on a 3% to 5% organic growth world, but Peter you want to talk about Marsh specifically. 
Daniel S. Glaser: Any other question Elyse?Elyse Greenspan – Wells Fargo Securities: Yes and then just in terms of Mercer Marketplace and the healthcare exchange enrollment, I know you mentioned the 500,000 employees that you have in your exchange this year. How would you in terms of describe I guess the headwind in terms of just the number of companies I guess that you spoke to and those that shows to join your exchange and maybe was there a difference what you saw this year versus last year. Also if there were some companies I guess that showed kind of wade – and make wade and not on your exchange this year, was that more that they were just holding off on their decision for another year or people just decided not to pursue a private health exchange entirely and on. One last question just based on the enrollment figures that you saw this year and a strong growth, do you expect to start to generate positive earnings from your healthcare exchange when we look out to 2015. Thank you.
Daniel S. Glaser: Thanks, Elyse. That’s a hell of a question. So let me start by first giving some kudos to Julio and the team. We’re very pleased with the early results of Mercer Marketplace. Now, Julio and the Mercer leadership team recognize the opportunity and they created a strategy to develop a comprehensive exchange capability that is user friendly, dynamic and flexible. They’re now executing on that strategy and we expect this to be a big business for us someday and eventually a solid contributor to the results of Mercer’s U.S. H&B business. However, from an MMC perspective let me just say, we really aren’t counting on any meaningful contribution to MMC’s overall earnings for the foreseeable future. But Julio, little bit more detail please. 
Daniel S. Glaser: Thank you, Julio. Well, that answer certainly matched the question. Next question, please, operator.
Daniel S. Glaser: Thanks, Kai Pan. So Alex, Bischoff comment about your growth and then looking a little bit further, what’s the potential impact of alternative capital.
Daniel S. Glaser: Thanks, Mike. Dan any other question?Dan Farrell – Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Just one quick one on reinsurance, you guys have made a lot of hires and investments in the reinsurance business this year. Have you seen any benefit from those hires yet in the revenues? Or is that something that could be coming through down the road? Thanks.
Daniel S. Glaser: Sure. Well, I mean, we have – we’ve had a number of changes on the colleague front across the organization and within Marsh, Mercer specifically we’ve had a number of announcements of management moves and management changes and clearly you’ve seen some things that we’ve done on the function side where we’ve announced that both Marsh and Mercer are getting new CFOs and Mark McGivney has moved from Marsh into a corporate function. We have a very strong finance function and we are just positioned in ourselves to optimize that financial function for the benefit of the overall firm. And generally when we are making these moves, finance or otherwise, it shows the health of the organization and I was very excited to see particularly in Marsh and Mercer recently with several of the announcements that have been made giving high quality people who are a big part of our future, new opportunities to hone and test and develop their skills.
Daniel S. Glaser: Thank you, Scott. Will it stay in the consulting segment for now and Julio, give us some commentary please.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yeah, I will just take that. Our expectation would be our corporate expense in 2015 would revert back to something akin to the 45 million or so per quarter. Okay, perfect. Thank you so much.
Daniel S. Glaser: I’ll absolutely – I’ll start with that and then hand it to Mike. We absolutely believe that we will continue to grow our adjusted operating income and our cash flow will grow even faster is our expectation over the course of our three or four-year planning cycle. And when we spoke at Investor Day and made a commitment to $2.1 billion or [they are about] (ph) for 2014 and that 2015 would be similar to that. Our position on that has not changed and then I’ll hand over to Mike who will fill you in some of the details on how we would arrive on that kind of number for 2015.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yes there is a – there is higher levels of corporate spend, which we believe to last on a temporary basis and we don’t expect much of it to continue into 2015.
Julio A. Portalatin: Thank you. Thanks for the question. I really want to set it in context first by talking a little bit about Mercer and where we’ve come in and leading into the Mercer Marketplace and the questions that you ask. We are really pretty pleased with Mercer’s third quarter performance. We were able to once again deliver a solid step forward in financial performance while making good progress on execution of our key strategic priorities and objectives. We produced another solid quarter of earnings growth and margin expansion. Our top line came in as Dan mentioned earlier 4% and then 3% on the underlying basis, up from our growth rate last quarter. We continue to be very actively involved in managing our cost base and investing in new opportunities while being disciplined across the board.  Last quarter we discussed our strategic investment in Alexander Forbes and crossing the $100 billion assets under management mark in our investments business. This quarter we are really pleased with – that we’re able to report significant growth and progress in our exchange solution Mercer Marketplace whether it is the roughly five fold increase in employees or our active exchange the growth in our retiree exchange or the lives that we have access to through delivery of voluntary benefits in individual insurance.  Mercer Marketplace exchange platform on any measure has had a really good sales here and I’m very proud of the team for the work that they’ve done in this regard. Now as we position Marsh’s marketplace today and into the future, we continue to look at covering trends and how and why our clients are being attracted to what we’re offering. But the reality is that we are finding that our exchange solution has a number of key attributes that are very attractive to our client base and prospects.  First, we stand the market and our exchange is available to companies with a few, has a hundred employees and with no real upper limit. Second, we had built in flexibility that many companies find to be of value, insured all self insured medical to find contribution or traditional funding as well as an array of voluntary benefits.  Third, we have a single solution that spans every segment of an employer’s population, from benefit, ineligible to sponsor group plans, to Medicare retirees. And finally, we’ve seen very strong early proof of concept including cost savings and high energy and high employee appreciation of the support they receive from our benefit councils.  So when you speak about why people are so attracted, those are some of the reasons we have seen and we’ve heard from our clients as being the case and it’s a full spectrum attraction and yes, there might be some early movers that are more likely to be considered in that middle market space, but we already are seeing for 2015 early adapters on the large market space and that’s been a lot of competition most recently as well. So this is an evolving platform. It’s an evolving business and we continue to lead and we expect to continue to be in that leading position for a long time to come.
Julio A. Portalatin: Okay. Thanks, thanks, Larry. From the beginning, our exchange strategy has been to use the strength of our organization and creativity to put together the most flexible and comprehensive offering in the market and we are well positioned to continue to do that. It’s obvious that the largest piece of the opportunity lies in the active space, all right, where there is 165 million employees, who are receiving their medical benefits through their employers and if you were to prioritize where you want to stand a lot of your early time certainly there in positioning yourself not just early, but for this long marathon run, you certainly want to do it then and that’s where we’re focus. Now, having said that, as you know we did make an acquisition with Transition Assist, we do have a continued investment in the call center capabilities and the technology capabilities for that sector and we will get our fair share of that business as we continue to grow and as always you have to continue to prioritize and reprioritize as the opportunity presents itself and we will continue to invest.
Julio A. Portalatin: Yeah, a lot of what Scott mentioned certainly applies to some of our business for sure. I mean, in general we are pretty bullish on the U.S. in terms of our value proposition solutions. Pipelines were good. We continue to see demand for our very large set of solutions. Little bit tempered just about everywhere else, give-or-take, we see a certain market slowdown in Europe. Now in our case about 50% of our European business is out of the UK.  The UK is fairing slightly better than the rest of the continent, but of course, it’s not going to be immune if the continent continues to slow down, but we are seeing a demand for our services and pipeline improvement in the UK. It’s kind of stabilization of pipeline in Germany, a little bit of an improvement in some other parts of the continent. We’ll see if that actually results in revenue increasing. But when everything is said and done, even if we do see a bit of a softer side on the revenue side, we are seeing earnings growth this year and we expect that we will be able to position ourselves for continued earnings growth even in a slowing revenue environment.
Julio A. Portalatin: Okay, so just to clarify, of the consulting segment just keep in mind that Mercer makes up about three quarters of the revenue of the consulting segment, so when you make assessments or some estimates about improvements it would have to be a lot on that side in order for it to happen. So let me clarify that point. Second point is that when everything is said and done, we continue to work hard to improve over a long term our results and we have a sustainable strategy to be able to do that and we will continue to do that as we go forward. 
Julio A. Portalatin: It’s about – it depends on the overall, so the – for Mercer it’s about 70% recurring and 30% project oriented.Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners Inc: Thank you.
Julio A. Portalatin: Yeah, thank you. I mean our exchange business has the potential to take business for us, we’ve said that before and in near we’re not expecting significant contribution to earnings as Dan said. Longer term, we expect margins on the exchange as we said that the investor meetings that we had back in March, we expect margin of the exchange to be roughly in line with our margins in our health focused business today, which is one of our highest margin businesses that we have in the company. So investment in the rapidly growing business lies, significant ramp up in the administration and that’s why we have an servicing and that’s why you have some early moderation as far as impact on earnings on a positive sense and if sales pace continues modest dilution will happen of course in the earliest, but as we said in 2014 we’ve managed to invest and still deliver great margin and great earnings improvement for the segment. So we’ll continue – meaning the Consulting segment for MMC.
