Dan Glaser: Okay. So a couple of things and then I will hand over to Mark to give you a little bit more detail. Over a long stretch of time, we have developed ways to effectively bring back the cash that we need from our overseas operation without putting undue stress on our overall tax rate. But having said that, we absolutely believe, as a matter of U.S. competitiveness, that a territorial system, which matches up with the rest of the OECD, makes complete sense, not a tax holiday as a one-time kind of basis, but a permanent level of reform that unshackles U.S. corporations from having to even think about where cash is located where foreign competitors do not. But Mark, do you want to add to that.
Dan Glaser: There is some mild revenue synergy; very little expense synergy because we are not going to pick up nickels in front of a steamroller. The very idea of us creating that division is to maintain its entrepreneurial spirit, its separate approach and it’s a different kind of business and so we have no intention of integrating MMA into Marsh.
Dan Glaser: One thing to bear in mind as well in terms of overall margins when you look at the Company, we’ve been pretty consistent in both segments and so each segment year after year has delivered margin growth. And as Peter mentioned, for the year, pension was a help; FX was a help as well, but even subtracting out those two factors, we had strong margin expansion in both segments.
Dan Glaser: Okay, so a few things. One, we are happy to inhabit this world that is filled with risk and uncertainty and the visibility is not clear. So while we feel pretty good about where we are sitting today in terms of the internal operations of Marsh & McLennan, we are still quite concerned about when we look at the rest of the world and we are impacted by macro factors and whether it’s global GDP growth, for us specifically U.S. and UK GDP growth, P&C rates and premium growth, exposures, that sort of thing, 10-year yields, foreign exchanges. There’s a whole plethora of things for us to stay up at night thinking about on a macro basis right. So you go back nine years ago, our issues were inside the shop; now it’s really, well, what’s going on in the rest of the world and there’s enough things that keep us kind of on our toes. Now having said that, it’s certainly been a challenging environment all the way since the 2008 financial crisis and we have been able to generate 3% to 5% organic growth even in a difficult global economic environment with other macro factors, which are generally more headwinds than tailwinds. And so if we were making any predictions, and it’s not guidance, it’s kind of soft, we are kind of well, we’ve been in 3% to 5% for a lot of years now, so we are probably still in 3% to 5%. The world doesn’t seem like it has changed all that much and so that’s I think where we are. Now what does that mean for EPS? If you go back – first of all, our adjusted EPS CAGR since 2009 has been 13%, so we are proud of that delivery. It’s very strong performance, market-leading and we’ve delivered for shareholders. Now when we established that goal in 2010, our margins were much lower than they are today and clearly, it’s just the math. It becomes more difficult to grow at that pace the higher your margins become and in fact, it can be counterproductive because you need more separation, more air between revenue growth and expense growth to drive the same amount of margin expansion. So while margin expansion was a key strategy of ours when you go back to where we were behind the pack in 2009, in 2010, in 2011, we are much more focused now on top-line growth and investing in the business for long- term performance than we are for any short-term margin expansion. Having said that, we do expect margin expansion in both segments in 2017. We don’t give guidance on EPS growth. I mean our 13% CAGR I remind you is over a long period of time. It’s not any one year. It’s not an annual target. We don’t operate that way. We don’t budget ourselves that way, but we expect 2017 to be a pretty decent year, but it’s really too early to call where we will end up with that, but we are reasonably optimistic. We are certainly no more pessimistic than we were at this time last year.
Dan Glaser: The answer is yes, we spend a lot of time thinking about those different scenarios and we can drive ourselves crazy because nobody has any idea and it’s only speculation as to what would actually happen. So let me really take it at a helicopter view as opposed to any of the specifics. I mean certainly corporate tax reform in the U.S. would improve U.S. competitiveness, spur investment and create jobs. And so we are absolutely encouraged that it is a priority of the new administration and several members of Congress to address our convoluted corporate tax system in the United States. Having said that, we are not certain in any way, shape or form that there will be corporate tax reform in the U.S. so it remains a hope and not something for us to really strategize around. I mean it’s fair to say that any corporate tax reform in the U.S. would be good for Marsh & McLennan Companies. How good would depend on the details of it. And just as an aside, we would say the bulk of any tax savings that we could receive will drop into earnings and improve free cash flow. But that’s really all we have to say just the devil is in the details and it’s only a potential benefit to us. I would just reaffirm that we’ve executed regardless of our tax rate and it doesn’t drive our strategy.
Dan Glaser: Yes. Well, we absolutely believe that there’s linkage between revenue and expense and that is – in a consulting firm and a brokerage firm like we have, the one thing that we can control is expense whereas revenue is really how are you positioned. Are you investing on the expense side in the right things to remain strategically relevant to your client base? So we spend a lot of time thinking about the customer experience and what clients will need, what is a day in the life of a client three years from now and trying to position ourselves to be able to provide value to that client out into the future. And obviously, that means a little bit more on analytics, a little bit more on data analysis, a little bit more, but not necessarily losing that high touch relationship manager, face to face because we still think that remains very relevant in the businesses that we operate. The world is changing fast and I think that there are a lot more efficiencies to come. Even though we are experimenting, we have very little use of robotics or artificial intelligence or deep learning within our businesses today in any material way and so who knows where that can lead us. Ultimately, the package of what we deliver and what we focus on is more about what do we think clients not only need today, but what will they need in the future, are we positioned to deal with that, what are our gaps and that’s where our investments are. But this is a brains business, a people business and the most fundamental factor is do we have a group of smart, hard-working, dedicated, client-centered people working in a collaborative, cohesive environment and so the cultural aspect we view as a competitive advantage that is going to endure for a long period of time and there is not too many companies in the world like Marsh & McLennan Companies.
Dan Glaser: The other thing I would just add to it is we’ve talked about MMA before many times because MMA, one, we are very satisfied with the agency and we have committed over $2.5 billion of capital since 2009, so it’s been our biggest capital deployment in any one segment. And the returns have been good and of course, our returns on the investments that we have already made assume the high U.S. level of tax rate and we are satisfied with those returns. So if ultimately the U.S. tax rate comes down, it means the money that we’ve already committed, that $2.5 billion return profile, is far better than the good returns that we are already receiving and so it is a huge potential positive for us.
Dan Glaser: At the end, we’ve been returning more capital to shareholders than our free cash flow and we expect to do that in 2017 as well. Our view on whether there’s lower taxes in the U.S., and now largely the bulk of that would fall into earnings and fall into free cash flow and then we would use our regular balanced capital allocation strategy to return that money to shareholders through not only organic investments, but as well as dividend policy, acquisitions and share repurchase.
Dan Glaser: Okay, fantastic. Well, I would just like to thank everybody for joining us this morning and specifically thank our clients for their support and our colleagues for their hard work and dedication in serving them. Have a good day.
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Dan, and thanks, Kai. We are really pleased and proud, as you pointed out, on our fourth quarter results with 5% underlying growth. We had equal contributions from the U.S. and Canada and International. I think it’s important to take a look at the year though where we had 3% underlying growth, really strong contributions from many parts of the world. If there is one bright spot within the year that I would like to point out it would be our new business growth and so we are attracting new clients and that was particularly pronounced in the fourth quarter. We had a slower start to the year, but obviously a much stronger finish. The components of the growth, as I said, were terrific new business led by the U.S. core brokerage business. We had solid renewal growth because we had strong new business in the fourth quarter last year. So overall contributing to strong growth in the fourth quarter. If I was to comment on EMEA specifically, as you pointed out, again a very strong quarter, a lot of this was driven by renewal growth in Continental Europe had a very strong new business year in the fourth quarter 2015. Several additional bright spots within EMEA were Middle East had a terrific quarter, its best quarter of the year. And Africa had strong organic growth. In addition, we had very good new business in the UK. So overall all components of EMEA contributing.
Peter Zaffino: Sure, Dan. I’ll just add a few comments on RIS. The adjusted NOI margin for the quarter was 240 basis points, but I think it’s really important just to look at the full-year margin as the quarters can have considerable seasonality and so that was 140 basis points and it was helped by pension, but I think what Dan said in the earlier comments and he said many quarters is that the margin really does reflect the way that we run the business. Historically, we’ve made a lot of investments. We grow revenue greater than expense and during that period, we’ve had a number of investments that have increased efficiencies. We are adding headcount. As of January, we will have over 900 producers in MMA, so that’s a great example. We’ve added headcount in Continental Europe, in Latin America, in Asia where we think there’s real good opportunities to grow and on top of that, we’ve been wearing intangible amortization, which has doubled since 2011 in our margin. So we have been very disciplined.
Peter Zaffino: Sure, Dan. Thanks. Elyse, let me just comment on the fourth quarter and the year for Guy Carpenter briefly. We had 3% underlying growth in the fourth quarter, their seasonally smallest quarter, but that was on top of 5% growth in the fourth quarter of 2015. So it was a tough comp for them, but they did very well. Very strong new business in the U.S., Asia and the global specialties. We continue to see rate decreases if we look at the fourth quarter led by property, but overall doing 2% for the year with Guy Carpenter, we were very pleased. We are making strategic investments. It’s around people, data analytics and organizational design 2016 I think we accomplished a lot. Appointed new leaders. We continue to add and develop key talent. One thing to note though, the headcount is not up. I mean we are creating our own space to invest by being more efficient. So overall we’ve made some terrific hires that complement Guy Carpenter. We do believe it will help with production and top-line growth, but we are managing the headcount and expense and we have a lot of momentum and expect us to continue on the path that we have delivered over the past several years.
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Dan. Let me describe a little bit about what Torrent is and then talk a little bit about the national flood program. Torrent is a best-in-class flood servicing company. It has terrific technology. We acquired Torrent in 2014 because, as Dan just outlined, we believe the company had built market-leading technology and would position Marsh to be a leader and innovator in the evolving flood insurance market. So that’s the NFIP as well as the private market. We’ve made good progress to date. Technology, again, that is industry-leading and the team has met expectations, so we are very excited about the future. We are very pleased that FEMA formally appointed Torrent in January of 2017 as the direct servicing agent for the National Flood Insurance Program. Being selected as a contractor, we’ll administer approximately 20% to 25% of the NFIP policies. So what you have seen publicly in terms of the estimated contract is based on the number of policies. So it could go up or down depending on the number of policies that go in and the guidance has been around $20 million to $25 million annually, so it’s a four-year appointment with an opportunity to extend for an additional year. Some of the things that I think that they found attractive was our ability to help facilitate NFIP’s response to flood events, improving the customer experience for the policyholders, maintaining data security and delivering continuous innovation. Those are just some of the highlights and we really look forward to working with the federal government to improve its performance and we are excited to get going.
Peter Zaffino: There is no seasonality that I would draw your attention to. If you look MMA as a business, it is very consistent quarter-to-quarter, roughly 25% of their revenue in each of the quarters and so I wouldn’t guide you towards any one particular quarter that we would be lower or higher.
