John Q. Doyle: Good morning, Elyse. Thanks for the question. Yes, we're -- as I said, I’m quite pleased with the growth year-to-date, and the macro environment although volatile remains supportive of good strong growth, inflation, pricing, tight labor markets, our tailwinds. But, as I pointed out in my prepared remarks, we've been shifting our mix of business to better growth markets. We've been investing in talent, sales operations, client engagement. We've sold some non-core businesses and recently announced the sale of a non-core business. So, we've been working very hard at the growth profile of the company. And, our outlook remains quite positive. So, we upped our guidance to high-single-digits, it’s again a terrific start of the year. I feel like we're well-positioned. Our team is executing very well in the marketplace, and in spite of the volatile macro environment, I think we'll have a good second half of growth as well. We're not going to give specific guidance on fiduciary income, but you saw what it looked like in the second quarter, obviously meaningful growth and we expect that to likely continue in the second half.
John Q. Doyle: Yes, I'll ask Mark to talk about the restructuring program, but I was very pleased with the margin improvement in the quarter and year-to-date 100 bps in the second quarter, 130 bps year-to-date. And, just a reminder for everyone, margins and outcome for us, it's not the primary objective, but we do expect to grow revenue more than expense over time, and we're constantly trying to balance with delivering today and investing for the future. I think we're getting that balance right. Our growth in both topline and earnings shows that. We did guide to less improvement in the second quarter, Mark talked about in his prepared remarks some of the drivers behind that. But again, I'm quite pleased with where we are. We expect solid margin expansion again for the 16th year. And, Mark, maybe you can talk about the restructuring program.
John Q. Doyle: Yes. Thanks, Jimmy. As I said, we’re quite pleased with our growth, pick up one of your words just a benefit from some hiring. As I noted, we've been working quite hard at shifting the mix of business, bringing in talent, improving our sales operations, including -- investing in client engagement, we made terrific inorganic investments as well. And so, it's much more than some of the lateral hiring that's in the market. Having said that, we were quite pleased with the hiring we did, and we've gotten good returns from those investments. And, as I pointed out in the past not just -- we've not just been pleased with the financial outcome. Culturally, we were very thoughtful about, who we brought into the organization and they're not only helping us grow, but they're making us better as well. So, we're quite pleased with those investments.
John Q. Doyle: It's a mix of impacts, of course. So, it's difficult to say, with real precision, Mike. But again, you've started to see inflation come down here in the United States. You saw -- and in many markets you're seeing GDP growth slow, P&C pricing moderated a bit in the quarter as well, tight labor markets though remain a positive factor. And overall, at least compared to the 2010 to 2020 decade, it's certainly -- we have more tailwinds than headwinds. But again, we've been working quite aggressively to shift our mix and to improve the growth profile of the company and not just be a passive index candidly on GDP or for that matter P&C pricing. So again, we're pleased -- I forgot to mention when, Jimmy asked the question too, I talked about the economy a bit, but the geopolitical environment remains a risk as well, right? So again, just trying to thread the needle between what's been obviously a terrific first half of the year and what we think is a terrific outlook for revenue growth in the second half, but there's macro risk as well.
John Q. Doyle: It could be a bit lumpier than earnings growth as we pointed out in the past and have demonstrated in the past, but maybe I'll ask, Mark to talk about the outlook for free cash flow growth.
John Q. Doyle: Thanks, David for the question. It’s really a function of both, right? We've had again a terrific start to the year, very, very pleased with the growth. And again, not just growth in parts of the business, just broad based, good execution and a lot of hard work by the team and really a reflection of the value that we're creating for clients. And so, we remain positive with that outlook. And again, geopolitical environment particularly but also the macroeconomic outlook or there's volatility there. So, we want to be mindful of that, but we feel very good about the second half.
John Q. Doyle: Yes, thanks David. We love what we're doing at Mercer careers. Let me ask Martine to talk about our results here to-date.
John Q. Doyle: Sure. Thanks, Mike for the question. Maybe I'll ask Dean we're quite pleased with our execution of what's been a very, very challenging reinsurance market in the first half of this year. But Dean, maybe you can talk about the growth of GC.
John Q. Doyle: Thanks, Weston. And good question. Nick, maybe you could talk a little bit about -- you mentioned banking being a strength to-date, but maybe you could talk about the outlook.
John Q. Doyle: Yes. No, thanks. Sorry to jump in on you there. They are relatively modest in size, but we are being thoughtful about the portfolio in that respect. And for the most part, they've happened at Mercer. Again, we recently announced the divestiture of what really is an admin business primarily or really entirely an admin business. And so not core, lower growth, capital intensive, operations and candidly, there are better owners of assets like that than us, others that can bring greater scale and technology and solutions. So, we don't expect to do a lot of it, but where we see the opportunity and it makes us better and stronger and enables us to invest in our core, we'll take steps to do that. Thank you, Paul. Operator. Next question.
John Q. Doyle: Sure, Jing. Maybe I'll ask Martin to talk about it, but we're very excited about the possibility for growth in Asia and in the Pacific, not just that Marsh, but across our businesses as I mentioned as a leadership team, we're recently in Australia and we see lots of possibilities. But Martin, maybe you could talk a little bit about the quarter and your outlook.
John Q. Doyle: Thank you, Martine, and thanks Rob for the follow-up. I want to thank you all for joining us on the call this morning. In closing, I want to thank our over 85,000 colleagues for their hard work and dedication. I also want to thank our clients for their continued support. So, thank you all very much and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Operator, thank you.
Martin South: Thanks, John. As we said, we had a great strong organic growth of 10% in the second quarter, which is on top of 9%, which we posted in the second quarter of ’22, and better than full year growth of 8%. As you said, great balance international was 10%, Latin America is 17%, EMEA 11%, APAC 6%, U.S. and Canada 9%. I'd say the growth has been, it’s a really nice balance across all the geographies. The specialties growth was strong. Credit specialties, construction, aviation, energy and power strong, our advisory business, part of the risk advisor of the future, very strong double-digit growth. MMB was strong. Renewal growth was strong. So, it's just a nice mix of business across the board, both new business and renewal.
Martin South: Yes. Thank you, John. As I mentioned earlier, that where we've seen really good growth in specialty areas being in the credit specialties, maybe not surprising given what's happening in the environment. Construction has been very strong internationally. Aviation and energy and power as those go through transition there and aviation is bounced back. So, feeling very good about that a little so take it with the advisory business as well where we -- the two businesses hang together. We're advising clients increasingly on how to manage that lost cost had to drive growth during the energy transition and so forth. So, all of those specialty areas we're seeing really strong growth and momentum and that's how we go to market. That's how we differentiate ourselves through that lens.
Martin South: Okay. I think the important thing when we look at international, we like to look at growth over longer periods of time. With regard to APAC 6% underlying growth in the quarter. It's 8% year-to-date. We think that's much more indicative of what the growth would be like over a longer period of time. Likewise, we probably have slightly elevated growth in Latin America, we'd expect that to normalize over a period of time as well. So, I just think it's something that we're not worried about. We have a great business in Asia Pac and feel very confident about the future.
Nick Studer: Yes, thank you, Robert. We still see a relatively wide range of possible future outcomes. When we gave guidance at the end of the first quarter. That was based on what we saw in our sales pipeline, which was ticking up nicely, but not aggressively. In the second quarter, we saw quite strong growth in sales. It's a, I would say, a reflection on places where Oliver Wyman’s being selected to support our clients really transformative moments led by our public sector practice, led by our banking practice, transportation and services and our telco teams. And then also some of our other businesses, our economic research consulting nearer and our brand consulting business, Lippincott showing strong growth and our digital practice is showing strong growth. So, I wouldn't say yet that it's correlated with economic uptick. Clients need to use this for that performance transformation as well as for their growth strategy. But sales in the second quarter have been better than we've expected and in the near term, I'm relatively optimistic. And the longer term, the economic outcomes are still fairly widely ranged.
Nick Studer: Yes, I mean, there are various of our sectors which are perhaps less exposed to the cycles. So, last year you saw we acquired the excellent Avascent business, which is aerospace and defence specialist as an example. So, some of our sectors we've been trying to position ourselves carefully through the cycle. And then on the capabilities side, we do a very large amount of work now in performance transformation. And that's not solely a downturn-oriented solution but it's needed when clients are going through either margin squeeze on the top line or the bottom line. And then a couple of years ago, we started to build a restructuring practice, it's still very nascent, but we've seen very strong growth in that area as well. So that's just a few different examples. I think the final point I'd make is that really from the pandemic onwards, we've seen a reduction in the correlation between our different industries. Some have been in downturn for quite a long time, some are working through their own sort of mini crises, which sometimes requires advisory support. And then some are quite cyclical, but I'd note that our private equity private capital practice, which obviously slowed considerably over the last three or four quarters has started to pick up and we're seeing activity there both pre and post feel. So that's a sort of bit of a picture across the business.
Nick Studer: Yes, there were different puts and takes in our growth numbers, but perhaps 35% to 40% of our growth was driven by our banking practice. As you know, that is really a preeminent business for us. And at the beginnings of that, crisis. We felt that was just adding to uncertainty may lead to some pauses in decisions which may slow down the pipeline. In the second quarter, we did see some work coming through from it. It's hard to separate out exactly how much is driven by crisis response versus banks preparing to get ahead of capabilities that they now know they need given the very different interest rate environment. There are a lot of the core essentials of the banking system, our muscles that haven't had to be used in the very low-rate environment we've had for a very, very long time. And so, there is work on liability management, interest rate risk management, deposit management, the value of the branch network. Not to mention tuning ourselves up for the new tech and AI capabilities that might be helpful. But yes, we have seen that be a driver of some business already and we continue to expect that over the coming quarters.
Nick Studer: We don't give a breakout. I mean, it's one of our strongest practices. It's also one of the largest sectors in management consulting globally. But it's, yes, one of our strength areas.
