Daniel Glaser: So let me take your first question. One, our overall business, as you know, is now majority outside of the United States. And so when I look at my global business, I'm about 50-50 between fee and commission, and it's more like 60-40 in the U.S. and 40-60 in the rest of the world. And so I feel very well-balanced. In terms of your question on leverage, I think that the commission business is slightly more leveraged to a hard market than the fee business. But having said that, fees are based upon value. And I think we demonstrate increased value in a hard market, and I feel that there would be upward momentum on the fee side as well as the market tightens and as our jobs, serving clients, become more complicated. You saw the reverse of that in the soft market. There was some downward pressure on fees through the soft market, and so it gives you some insulation. But I really like the way that we're positioned 50-50, and I feel levered enough to the market. In terms of expansion possibilities and leverage as we grow, we manage our expenses very carefully. I think some of our expansion is being masked right now. If I just look at the fourth quarter, our expense base, half of our expense growth in the fourth quarter within Marsh was based on pension increase and some severance expenses that did not run through the restructuring line that ran through our operating line. So the other thing I would say is all throughout the downturn and over the last couple of years, we've continued to invest in the business. So I don't feel any pent-up requirement to have some sort of rebound in expense to get us back to some sort of a trajectory in investing in the business. We've been steady throughout, so I feel quite good about that.
Daniel Glaser: A couple of things. One, when I look overall at the acquisitions within Marsh over the last couple of years, it adds about $475 million of revenue. In terms of contribution on an earnings basis, it was very negligible in 2010 and will be a more meaningful contributor in 2011. In terms of margin, it was a bit of a drag in 2010. But in 2011, as our agency gets broader, it should perform very similarly to the overall U.S. business. Over time, it will perform with a better margin than the core U.S. business. But for 2011, it will be very similar.
Daniel Glaser: Okay, so I'll take the agency question first. We're still in the early stages in my mind. I mean, right now, the agency is nearing $300 million of revenue. I've said before, I think that this business could be a $750 million to a $1 billion business. I'm very satisfied with where we are. I'm very satisfied with the pipeline that we have and the type of agencies that we're having conversations with. We are building out the capability and had several acquisitions right around year-end and in the early part of 2011. So I would characterize this as still the early stages.
Daniel Glaser: Well, certainly, organic growth within the agencies will occur. And as you've seen, you can look through the CIAB [Council of Insurance Agents and Brokers] type of information and look at what growth rates have been occurring in those kind of businesses. I mean, certainly, some of the those businesses, and to Keith's question earlier, are more highly levered because they're commission-based businesses and they're in the small commercial and middle market. I would see there'd be a combination of organic growth, in certain Marsh offices, we're handling some small business not as efficiently as the agency is. So over time, we would probably move some of the business around as we build out our platform and acquisitions. But acquisitions would be the principal source.
Daniel Glaser: Sure. So several factors contributed to our growth in the quarter. I would say our new business generation would be first and foremost. We had $276 million of new business in the quarter, which is the highest quarter of new business since all the way back in 2007. Our past and present hiring of top-tier talent, our success in generating enhanced commission and fee-for-services agreements with carriers, all of those contributed to our overall performance. I've been in the business a long time, so I don't get overly excited about growth in any one quarter. I look at it for the year. In 2009, we were minus one, so our real focus in 2010 was to get growth going again. And for the year, we were at plus two on an underlying basis. Looking forward, I would think we will do better than that, but I wouldn't necessarily extrapolate the fourth quarter and say that, that would be continuing. I mean, hope so, and we're out there plugging away, but it was a terrific quarter, and a lot of things broke our way.
Daniel Glaser: A couple things. One, if there's a multiyear deal done, the income is not all recognized in the first year. So that's point number one. There is not any kind of structural change amongst risk managers to multiyear deals. The reality is most multiyear deals have cancellation provisions. And so if you look in the large accounts space, I think the movement is more toward risk managers identifying two or three insurance companies who they want a broader, more strategic global relationship, and they're building those relationships and they recognize that those relationships, contractual or not, will tend to go across many, many years. And we help them with those choices. In the tail-end of every soft market, you tend to get some additional multiyear deals, and then there's a little bit of that out there, but I wouldn't say it's a rush to that level. And frankly, many multiyear deals have certain levels of cancellation provisions within them, either based upon loss ratios or market factors.
Daniel Glaser: When we do a multiyear fee arrangement -- first of all, we have very few clients that are pure fee. Most of our clients are a combination of fee and commissions. So we get a fee for certain services, but we may get brokerage on some of the transactions that take place in London and Bermuda, as an example. And so there's very few where it's a global fee without any brokerage element on the transactional site. And in terms of multiyear agreements on fees, we actually encourage that because it enables us to plan better. But we also negotiate with risk managers, and we tend not to keep a flat line over multiple years, right, because our expense base grows. Our fee income needs to grow with the expense base, and our clients recognize that.
Daniel Glaser: There's certainly more hubs that will be required as we fill out the geographic footprint of the agency. The hubs that have been acquired are seeking spoke and fold-in acquisitions. And so you'll see that two of the acquisitions that we've made recently are actually spoke and fold-in operations for Rutherford, as an example. So you'll see us doing spoke and fold-ins for existing hubs, but we are still seeking additional hubs as we fill out our geographic footprint.
Brian Duperreault: Keith, let me do this one. Let me do this one. This is Brian. We do constantly look at all our benefit plans, pension in particular. What pension does for us is add a bit of volatility to our income, bottom line. The expense movements, positive and negative, there's a bit of volatility to it. Overall, so far from what I can see, it is a reasonable approach for our employees and for our shareholders, but it does have this volatility to it. And what we did in the last year, and it was considerably volatile last year, the swing was considerable, was that we were able to manage that and still produce excellent growth and control of our expenses. And as we pointed out, it's going to be a bit of a drag this year coming. We gave you the number. But I think still, long term, it is reasonable for us to maintain. Now we'll constantly look at that. You never say never. But I think the volatility question is something we have been able to address, and I expect that we will continue to address it. And therefore, long term, I like the position we're in.
Brian Duperreault: Yes. That's great. We're blessed to having a nice balanced portfolio between Consulting and Insurance. Consulting was growing faster this year than Insurance, although the Risk and Insurance, I think, showed great performance, particularly relative to peers. So what would you expect next year? I think the same. I mean, we're still in a soft market, and so that limits, to some degree, what we can do on the Insurance side. Consulting, will, I think, continue to take advantage of the things we pointed out, that Michelle and John pointed out. And the economy is improving, so that should benefit us. And Consulting is more of a late-stage buy in emerging markets. And so our international footprint will help in that regard. So I would say if it's a horse race, maybe Consulting wins by a nose.
Brian Duperreault: Tom, I'll see if I can summarize that. Relative to three months ago, probably not much, not a huge difference in that time frame, a year ago or more might be different. I think you could -- certainly, as things improve economically, the value start to change. And so one would expect that the valuations would be slightly higher going forward than they have been certainly on the Consulting side. I think to me, it's more important what we're buying and does it fit in our strategic positioning. And in that regard, I think we've done quite well so far and certainly, in Consulting, some very interesting acquisitions. I think the company is recognized as one to join again. And so we have that extra added benefit of being a place that would be a good home for a company that has limitations as to where they go. But they're great people, and they've got a great capability, and they look around for what's the next step in their evolution, we're a good home for it. So our prospects actually are improving, not going the other way even with, say, the economy changing. In Insurance, we've committed to the agency development as our primary place for acquisitions. It's not exclusive. We're certainly looking internationally all the time as well. The HSBC is a good example of that. In that regard, I think, again, it's kind of an interesting issue. This is the seller -- do they expect that the economy is going to improve or the market's going to improve? And in that case, maybe they'd be less interested. But again, what I said about Consulting is probably true in spades with respect to the agency because we have now, I think, established a structure, a position in the marketplace that is attractive to those independent agency companies who were, again, looking for some next move, a way to grow. And what they're seeing is an organization that has the kind of qualities they're looking for. And so that's why Dan pointed out the pipeline is very good. And that's a long-winded way of saying I feel -- I certainly feel better this year than I did last year with our prospects, and I think we're going to continue to find good acquisitions. Organic growth acquisitions internally, they're always a little bit more difficult. We can do it through teams, and we can do it through products and everything. And so it doesn't get the same kind of big bang press that another acquisition does. But we try to point that out in the earlier remarks that when we look at -- we’re in this for the long haul, and expense reduction alone doesn't get you anywhere. And so you've got to invest, and we've been investing: Investing in technology and investing in product, investing in people. So that's going to continue. And then my conversion to share buyback will also play a role.
Brian Duperreault: All right, very good. Well, let me end by thanking everyone on the phone for their attention and interest in the stock, and more importantly, sorry to you guys. But more importantly, to all the employees who are listening out there, thanks for a great year. Thanks for a great year. Bye, everybody.
M. Burns: Certainly. This is Michelle. The outsourcing growth was sales of new business that had occurred both in 2009 and into 2010. As a matter of fact, in the outsourcing business, we have about $50 million of added wins during 2010 that will also affect our results in the future. So as we said and promised, that business was built and is built to be a scale business. What you're seeing is the impact of that scale as we sell the service across all our product lines and bundled with other pieces of Mercer's offering.
M. Burns: There's a lot of activity in the industry. The large merger in the industry is a little bit still recent, but there are certainly transfers of talent moving around and lots of activity in the marketplace with regard to our clients as they take a look at how services will be provided. So we feel well-positioned with regard to that combination.
M. Burns: From Mercer's perspective, I think it's a direct reflection of our strategy and the strategy that we've been executing on for, frankly, the past several years. We've made decisions to expand our core Consulting units, and continued to invest in it, and several of the organic and inorganic investments that we've made at Mercer were inter-core Consulting. But in addition, we made a decision to expand in our next-generation businesses, and those businesses are outsourcing, the outsourcing pillar and the investment pillar, and we've consistently done that. This quarter and last quarter, as matter of fact, as Dan said, the full year reflects that strategy. You see growth in Consulting pillar which was hardest hit by the recessionary period, but with good growth in outsourcing and outstanding growth in investments. And so the blend is really giving our clients two things: giving our clients a lot of stability with regard to how we service them, new product offerings that they are finding to be innovative, especially in the DB space, and then for the investor, you get that same sense of stability to perform in different areas at different times and bundle products to produce this kind of revenue growth. So from our perspective, we believe that the strategy has been confirmed, and we expect that this will continue into the future as a good, balanced portfolio with which to serve our human resource client.
M. Burns: Absolutely. I think we will continue, frankly, to see retirement struggle, if you will, through this environment as people re-adjust their pension plans. But I think the focal point for Mercer is slightly different, which is we have taken intentionally, and with great intention, the portfolio of services we have and aligned them to this DB market, this defined-benefit market. So you may see that there, there are other places where we're seeing significant growth where we bundle these retirement services along with our investment services and our outsourcing services. And so I don't expect that you will see the raw demand change dramatically in the Retirement business per se, in other words, the traditional business. But the segments that we are pursuing dropped quite heavily, and the changes that we're making in our Retirement business allow us to capture business across the demands that the clients have currently in the same space, but for different kinds of services.
