Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Dan. Let me just talk a little bit about the first quarter. We're really pleased with the results and how we started out the year. It was, as you saw in the reported results, real balanced growth throughout the full globe and U.S. and Canada division up 5%, international up 5%. We're particularly happy to see strong results in Continental Europe and Asia. This is both their largest quarter of the year, and I think that's a little bit of context as to why we don't see the run rate going in the second quarter is that seasonally, CE and Asia had their biggest quarters and had really strong growth in the first quarter. So, we're pleased with that. New business was exceptional, and that was contributions across our international, as well as the U.S. and Canada. We saw strong contributions from the core U.S. brokerage business with strong new business and MMA continued its very strong performance in terms of driving top-line growth. We had fewer headwinds in some of the geographies. We've called out Canada in the past. We've called out Australia, New Zealand, they were less headwinds in the quarter, and we saw some modest organic growth and so that was a contribution. Rate declines were very similar to what I said in prior quarters. They tempered a bit, but they were still a modest headwind. But as Dan said, there was some exposure growth and we saw some economic growth to offset that a bit. So, overall, it was a really strong start to the year. We're really pleased and again, the range that we've given in the past the 3% to 5% is what we expect for the full year.
Peter Zaffino: Sure, Dan. Guy Carpenter got off to a great start, really strong first quarter with 4% organic growth. That's on top of 3% in the prior year in the first quarter. Some really positive signs to start the year. I'll start with its leader. I mean, Peter Hearn is relentless on client advocacy, value and making sure that we're trying to do everything we can to drive new business and a keen focus on grabbing share. When I look at some of the contributions within the quarter, the U.S. had a terrific start to the year, new business expanding from current clients as well as really strong retention. We've called out global specialties and particularly the retro unit had a really strong growth in new business and we had good new business and contribution from Asia as well. So, it was really balanced. Again, the core fundamentals are really strong. Good new business, good retention and growing our share with our current clients. So, overall, really positive way to start the year.
Peter Zaffino: I largely agree Dan. MMA has had very strong consistent contribution to the U.S. and Canada division. But as I've said in my sort of broader remarks of Marsh, we saw a terrific new business in the core U.S. brokerage business. Canada had strong new business. They were a contributor. And we're also – while they are a small portion of the total, we're seeing strong performance from Dovetail torn (28:50). Some of the seeds that we planted for strategic investments in the past, having double-digit growth. And so, our momentum in U.S. and Canada was encouraging. Again, I will just caution, we're more in the sort 3% to 5% range and feel like we just had a really strong start to the year.
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Dan. And I think you have largely said how we think about the long term. But if I go into the quarter – as you mentioned, we expanded our margin 110 basis points. There's a couple of things that went on. As Dan has mentioned in the past, and as I have in terms of what we do in terms of what we're driving within the business, just focusing on underlying organic top line growth being very disciplined as a management team on the expenses and driving earnings growth. And therefore, the margin does improve. So, we had a little bit of outperformance on the top line. And so that, really, was the biggest contributor to the margin expansion. As I mentioned earlier that in Europe and in Asia, those are their seasonally largest quarters, and so they had outperformance while we had straight line expenses we had a little bit more revenue pop from those regions that drove a little bit more expansion in the margin. And we created a little bit of bandwidth for the first quarter and the latter part of 2016 that helped the run rate. And so overall, I would look at really what Dan said as take a look at the long term, this is not the run rate from the first quarter, but those variables really contribute to having strong margin expansion.
Peter Zaffino: Sure, Dan. Thanks. Thanks, Brian. Dan mentioned sort of the – sort of structure and what the launch was in his opening comments. Let me just take a step back on this as to why we arrived at is that we think that bringing new insurance solutions, being creative, being innovative of bringing high rate of traditional capital like Allianz, very well respected insurance company combined with alternative capital with Nephila that's been in the business mostly on the reinsurance side for the better part of a decade, they understand the business really well. To focus on U.S. property risks was bringing a solution and value to our clients. So, we have been making investments in a variety of different trends that we see in the business. But in particular, I've mentioned before, around data, distribution and capital. The investments we've made over the past five years in driving richer data, better analytic capabilities, enhancing the sophistication of the conversation we're having with clients, not only in the global risk management space, but also in the middle market, has been an evolution in terms of our value. And our clients are looking for that in terms of more demand. So, thinking about packaging risk with this innovation – of again, driving in more enablement for alternative capital gets the primary mark in a thoughtful way is something that we thought would be well received. And most recently, at RIMS, that was validated. I think increasing efficiency for our shared and layered placements at a discounted price, expanding towards the security, having more of a long-term nature for our clients, those are all things that they responded very favorable to. So, I mean, I can't really predict how big it's going to be or how much it's going to expand. But I know that the current discussions have been incredibly well received.
Peter Zaffino: Sure, Dan. Just to add to what you said. I mean, Marsh really has a four part digital strategy. First, is enhancing the client experience. The second is use of data and analytics. Third, is an improved internal workflow. And then, the last one, which you've seen with Dovetail, is leading acceleration of the change in the small commercial market. I mean, I won't go into detail on each, but when you look at data and analytics and the advancements we've made in terms of what I mentioned before, data capability on analytics of delivering superior value, not only on analyzing risk, but giving our clients a lot more insight in terms of how they should be thinking about risk. We've launched advancements on iMAP, which is now mobile for us. PlaceMAP, which helps our colleagues place business in the insurance market more efficiently. And I'll give you one statistic where we've used data and analytics as part of the process during the RFP. Our win ratio when using that methodology has increased 50% in terms of new business. So, I think that's a big contributor to why we're being able to drive more new business.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yeah. I'll start with that, and then I'll hand over to Peter. I mean in the overall sense of things, I would say over the last several years it's undoubtable that Guy Carpenter has taken some share. They have grown underlying revenue 24 out of the last 25 quarters. And so, that is a good comparison to the competitive set. And the reinsurance business has expanded a great deal, so it's not about a transaction anymore. There's a lot more value that a reinsurance broker delivers to their clients than ever before. But Peter, you want to describe that a little bit more.
Daniel S. Glaser: And obviously, we're all pleased with it, but I would reiterate that you should be looking at longer stretches of time than one or two quarters strung together when you evaluate this business because the business itself is very geared towards global GDP, P&C pricing et cetera. The next question please.
Daniel S. Glaser: Well, to begin with I really don't think that there is a rising tension between brokers and underwriters. I think this is a symptom of a soft market environment and that we've lived through it for a while. What I can tell you is that there's rising tension between underwriters. And so we help manage through that. In our major markets we absolutely go beyond regulatory requirements in terms of our disclosure to clients. I mean we're quite adept at giving them the details for them to make determinations as to how we should be compensated and what level we are compensated. Clients in terms of – clients are largely the beneficiary and will continue to be the beneficiary of the super abundance of capital in the insurance marketplace. And so what we're trying to do at Marsh & McLennan is to focus more on expanded coverage at competitive prices, as opposed to a continual race to the bottom with narrow product, which is price driven. And so our view is that the insurance industry is overly focused on current risks and not focused enough in broadening our offerings. That's not only on catastrophe exposures but other kinds of exposures. So we should as an industry focus more on risk and solving risk questions as opposed to narrowly looking at insurance.
Daniel S. Glaser: Well, our view is creating additional value for clients. That's what our focus is on. And in doing that, as we create additional value and perform additional services, we would get remunerated more from clients on those kind of occasions. We want to be fair and transparent with all parties. Our objective is not to drive more commission volume out of insurance companies as a way for us to do better. It's actually to increase our value to in things as you mentioned, like data and analytics and other things where we create value, where we can get revenue streams from that additional value. But we would rather be expanding the pie for the value we create than negotiating greater proportions of that pie from the insurance carriers.
Daniel S. Glaser: Thanks, Sarah. And I do appreciate not digging in to try to get information from an investigation that is ongoing. I mean, we really do want to respect the FCA's process and not comment further at this time. So, I'll give you a general comment with regard to the aviation market because it has been talked about quite expansively in the press. It is a different market than other markets, particularly in London, and one of the reasons that the aviation market is a pretty competitive market is that it is what's called verticalized, which means, typically, a lead price is negotiated between the broker and the lead underwriter, and then the broker goes to individual following markets who all bid for their share of the account, generally offering a discount against the lead price, and so that's how it's developed. It's quite different than the subscription model in the rest of the property and casualty market where the lead develops terms and then the following markets write a share of those terms but generally get the same terms as the lead. So, it is a structurally different market.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yeah. There's a couple of things. I mean I think media reports is being kind, considering there was no named source within any of these so-called media reports. I mean I think it tends to be rumor mongering that just goes around and feeds off of itself. But as I look around this table, we have the best leadership team in the industry. Period. So it doesn't surprise me at all that when there are senior level openings at other companies, there will always be speculation about people who are MMC executives. It comes with the territory. And I'm glad to take it, because it's a small price to pay for having the best talent. Next question.
Daniel S. Glaser: But it's fair to say the combination was done more around client delivery and the potential for growth in the future as opposed to expense synergy.
Daniel S. Glaser: Yeah. The answer, Paul, is yes. I mean ultimately, private equity has been a participant in the – in particular in the brokerage space for many years now. And has been successful because it's actually a terrific business in terms of high cash generation, generally low levels of risk, recurring revenue, et cetera. So it really is a great business for all of us, including private equity. And so it's attracted other PE. And undoubtedly over the last several years, five years or six years, there has been multiple creep, which means that everyone's got to be a little bit more careful when they're looking at pro forma kind of tabulations, et cetera. I think we're a little bit different. We're a little bit different because we generally don't compete with private equity because in our build of Marsh & McLennan agency, the focus is building the highest quality agency in the United States and attract like-minded individuals who have the same dream in their minds, as opposed to some companies that are looking to just optimize their cash payout, and they're not really concerned what happens to their business or to their colleagues in the future because the one thing you know about private equity, it's not permanent capital. Whereas we're in the business to stay. And so, generally, if we're talking to a company in the agency space, and they have not decided whether they want to go with us or private equity, well it's not a company for us. So, generally, our competitor in this space, more often than not, is whether they stay private not another competitor in the industry or private equity.
Daniel S. Glaser: Thanks, Scott and I'm going to call it a day right now. So, I thank all of your for joining us on the call this morning. I thank our clients for their support and our colleagues for their hard work and dedication in serving them. Have a good day.
Julio A. Portalatin: Yeah. Sure. Thank you, Larry. Let me just take a step back and level set a bit about the wealth business, and then I'll get specific to your question on the Defined Benefit Consulting Administration. So creating a wealth business reflects very importantly how our clients want to do business with us, and that's why we did it. And we've simplified the business so that we can have an ease of decision making between the retirement and the investment business, which is basically managing the pension assets, and of course, matching assets and liabilities at the time. And we see that as a whole value proposition, and that's as important to create this wealth business in response to those demands of our clients. We are breaking out the revenue as you mentioned for wealth to provide a better insight into the underlying growth dynamics of the business. So the more mature aspects of the business, meaning the DB, the consultancy and the benefit administration, as you mentioned, will be called Defined Benefit Consulting Administration or DBA. That business quite frankly, is significantly part of what was previously the retirement actuarial business. And we know that for many years now, we've been living in a world of plus or minus flat in that business, and I would expect that that's the kind of role we'll continue to see as we move forward in that line. Now of course, the Investment Management and related services business or the IMS business includes the faster and higher growth rate business, which is primarily in our delegated solutions, our defined contribution related investment services and also financial wellness. So while IMS can be seen as a proxy for our investment work, it also encompasses other business opportunities. So you'll see that being somewhere aligned with what we saw the investment business before.
Julio A. Portalatin: Thanks, Dan. That's pretty much right on in terms of how we manage the business. You might recall that several quarters ago, we actually made a decision to put that business strategically aligned with the business that it was deploying, whether it was health or it was a DB business in the retirement business, and thus, it is kind of integrated now in many ways. But let me also say that we consistently evaluate our portfolio. We've been doing that for years now. We disinvest and have disinvested selectively in targeted offerings or different types of solutions over time, which do not meet our return goals and we've proven that time and time again. You may recall that in the past, we repositioned our outsourcing. It was call then outsourcing business with a focus on profitable revenue growth and that's only on top-line. So, we sold for example our Canadian recordkeeping business some time ago. We most recently sold our U.S. DC (45:48) administration recordkeeping business as well, and those are just examples of where we're continuously looking at where the business is going and how we want to invest and creating rooms to do that by disinvesting in some other things. So, it continues to support some of our businesses and as it does, we will continue to work through having it as part of the offering, because we think our clients see it as being important, but we always reserve the right in the disciplined fashion of disinvest to invest to be reviewing that business over time.
Julio A. Portalatin: Yes. Yes. Thanks, Dan. Part of our approach to disciplined execution is to constantly challenge ourselves in how we best serve our clients. And this is all about client centricity and being able to find further avenues of growth and improved profitability. And we made a number of changes with regard to our structure to do that. And one of them was creating a wealth business by combining – or by maximizing the strength of our retirement value proposition and our investments. And these are realities of how our clients want to do business with us, making decisions on managing and providing retirement benefits to employees in ways that cut across these two businesses. So we've made it easier to do business with. And more broadly, we want to provide a simplified and faster decision making process to ultimately be able to, yes, promote growth.
Julio A. Portalatin: We will see how it continues to work through all of the different avenues of feedings. Remember, as Dan mentioned, we have a very large book of business that sits on the advisory side of the equation, which is on the retirement side. And we've been moving it through the continuum to eventually be able to do investment, consultancy and delegated solutions. To the extent that that might be easier to do, we might be able to promote more growth. Time will tell if that happens. And no question, we also would like to see profitability also benefit from that over time. And we'll see if that pans out as time goes on.
Julio A. Portalatin: Our digital strategy is similar to how Peter mentioned it – is really centered around enhancing our client experience as much as we possibly can and bringing new solutions to our clients in ways that embraces and enhances the consultants' differentiation with their clients as they look to do service and deliver. We have several examples of that in the way we are developing new solutions, whether it's in a partnership format with Mercer Wise 401(k) or it's an acquisition like Thompsons Online, which is really a digital global-based SaaS technology play that allows us to have a leading provider of global benefits management through their cloud-based technology platform and it is allowed to complement Mercer in the global benefits management space. This market is evolving rapidly with clients and demanding a bundled broker solution and a digital solution. Quite frankly, it's global. So that consultancy and technology, marrying of those two really gives us some competitive advantage as we go forward and you're going to see us I think in this space look at all whether it's partnerships or acquisitions to be able to enhance our digital experience with our client and be able to grow in that space as time goes on.
