Brian X. Tierney: No. We've kept O&M that's now been tracked flat essentially for the last seven years. And it's been lean activity, procurement activity, continuous improvement activity and we are advancing that activity and when we have the weather gap that we had this year, this management team knows what levers to pull to fill in that gap and we are not going to resort to gimmicks like factoring weather out. We know we're responsible for responding to what the weather is and trying to come in within our guidance range and that's exactly what this team has done.
Brian X. Tierney: Yeah. So hedges that we have associated with our competitive generation and capacity revenues decline over time. And earnings from the renewable portion increases over time. Overall, we don't expect that business to be changing much from about the $0.10 contribution of earnings that it has in the near term.
Brian X. Tierney: So we did take reserve against the 206 for the quarter. For the year, contributing to that $0.14 improvement is the – what we're able to do in the FERC 205 as we're able to look at forward-looking O&M test years rather than truing up past years. And that contributed to the growth but we're pretty much on track with where we expected to be for the Transmission Holdco segment.
Brian X. Tierney: And we think that issue is going to play out over a fairly long period of time with what's going on with the New England Transmission Owners case and its remand back to FERC. We think we'll be in a long period of having to reserve before that issue gets resolved.
Brian X. Tierney: Yeah, I don't think it's been an increase in the reserve. I think we've been steady about where it's been and have kept it held at that level. I think there are positive things to come out of the new FERC makeup and we're just going to hold steady for – until it gets resolved.
Brian X. Tierney: Praful, you may not have gotten to it, yet, but slide 32 of our presentation, we kind of lay out the timeline in each of the jurisdictions and when we expect hearings to begin. And you can anticipate orders shortly after those hearings take place.
Nicholas K. Akins: Today, it's a different company than we had two years or three years ago with the unregulated generation. Today, I think it's much more transparent and the levers that you have to pull are still there in some regards, but weather will be more of a impact on the company than in previous years because then you had the market conditions that you could look at, and sometimes it saved you, sometimes it went against you, but that's all part of the process of making sure that we're consistent as we can be regardless of the situation.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah, obviously, we're still looking at the unregulated generation from a strategic sense and Oklaunion has been a drag, particularly on the unregulated side, in the ERCOT portion of Texas. And just like any other base load generation, I don't think it gets the value it deserves for what it provides to the market. But that being said, yeah, any kind of result that we get out of Oklaunion, I wouldn't expect too much of a financial change as a result. And then as far as Conesville is concerned, we continue to look at that, we consolidate some interests in some of the units, but we continue to look at our options from that perspective as well. And really I didn't talk about those upfront in any of the areas, but just know that we continue to work with Buckeye and Cardinal and then of course, seeing what the disposition of those units can be in relation to all the other opportunities that we have but there's no doubt we continue our process of that strategic review.
Nicholas K. Akins: So if you look at 2018, 2019, 2020, you're seeing minimization of the contributions of the old legacy units, but we're maximizing the contribution of the renewables efforts, particularly in Chuck Zebula's area, the contracted renewables, but also very much so the regulated renewables. And as I mentioned earlier, we have an RFP out in AEP Ohio for solar and then, of course, Wind Catcher. You're going to see other projects like that, that are going to be drivers for those future years and we're very much looking forward to it.
Nicholas K. Akins: You're going to see an anomaly with the credit of the 205. That's really some of what you're seeing, too, the true up associated with it.
Nicholas K. Akins: No. I don't see it that way because these projects are pretty unique and the way you look at them, and ours has a 350-mile, 765kV generation interconnection associated with it, but it's also massively larger. So you can look at the risk being taken and the economics of the projects themselves. They stand on their own merits. So we filed our plan. I know that Xcel had to change theirs a little bit, but that's sort of their business and our projects are our business. So we'll continue with all four jurisdictions in the same manner in which we filed and we'll see where it goes.
Nicholas K. Akins: That PTC is really important and that's why the brevity in which we're asking for approvals of this project are instrumental. I mean, the numbers stand for themselves. The numbers are just, like I said earlier, a slam dunk. But when you look at the $2.5 billion PTC, that's a huge part of the economics associated with making sure our customers can benefit from that so – and timing is critical.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. So, obviously, we filed – and I'm really actually happy that the procedural schedules have been set up pretty consistent and constructive of getting a solution in place. I mean, all four jurisdictions have procedural schedules that match-up to sort of our April timeframe that we're looking at, so that we can really take a hard look at what the risks are, what the rewards will be, what the result of the Commission's orders will be. That will give us some real insight in terms of this project. But like I said before, I'm pleased with the progress that's been made.
Nicholas K. Akins: I think we are pretty consistent, as we talked earlier about 2018 being in that approximately 10% range, and of course, it's going to result from negotiations or from the outcomes of these cases. And so as we look at it, the aggregation of those cases will be in that approximate 10% range, that's what you should look for. And of course, we filed – the normal course of rate cases. I mean, you file based upon what we really believe the ROE should be and then, the course, you have to deal with other parties and deal with the – and the Commission itself will make the decision on what the ultimate ROE is. And like I said earlier, we expect our aggregated to be around that 10% range.
Nicholas K. Akins: Oh, yeah, they go hand-in-hand. Obviously, you would be building a huge wind farm to nowhere if you don't have the generation interconnection there. And so with – and with 2,000 megawatts of wind capacity at that location, that drives a pretty large substantial generation interconnection. And even if you – in this case, you won't reduce the size of it, but the size of the wind farm is really the big driver on the capacity side associated with the size of the generation interconnect. So they go hand-in-hand. One doesn't occur without the other and that's why it's all being viewed as a single project. And that's why we're working really hard to lock in the arrangements associated with construction on both sides, so that we can eliminate as much risk as possible.
