Nick Akins: In at least Indiana, we have forward test year views, and I think it’s probably going to be particularly important as we go in for these cases for there to be an understanding that we are dealing with a COVID-related year if it is a test year. Wherever you have forward test years, though, you can account for that going forward in the rate making, but we’d be tuned into the process whether you pro forma in or do other things. I think there’s probably at least opportunities for discussion about that because COVID--you know, 2020 is going to be an usual year and to be used for test years would be particularly challenging. You have to really go to some form of pro forma view that has the level of investments, the level of business activity that you would normally see. So, I would expect our commissions to be reasonable in that approach. 
Nick Akins: Yes, so originally North Central was not in our capital plan, and so when we get approval for that, that’d be dealing with a different financing model associated with that. As far as the megawatt level and the amount of investment, yes, if we get approval for Louisiana for example, and Louisiana also approves the up rate which is in a settlement arrangement, then we would have the full $2 billion investment opportunity there. We already know we’re going forward with the project - that was the importance of Arkansas approval, so the project is moving forward. The question is what size, and then when Louisiana approves that, and hopefully with a flex-up as well, then that’s the full $2 billion, or if Texas takes their portion, then all operating jurisdictions will be taking their particular portions as we go forward. Now, there is additional opportunity for renewables in those areas. The integrated resource plans have the capability for that, but we felt like, as we originally said about this project, there is sort of a break point between the opportunities that existed around the wind farm project and the pricing, and we wanted to make absolutely sure that the pricing was very effective and produced very positive savings for our customers. So, we can always go out for a bid again to fill the rest of that from a resource planning perspective. 
Nick Akins: Julien, I think you’re reading it right, though - we’re being as transparent as we possibly can be through this process using the latest information. Matter of fact, we got the load information, April load information yesterday, so we’re trying to be as transparent as possible, but also taking the right, smart, appropriate steps to ensure that we’re able to be agile enough to do what we need to do. I think you’re reading that right.  We obviously would put that capital back in as quickly as possible and then, as Brian mentioned, we’re not only mitigating any impacts to the earnings capability but also thinking ahead in terms of where we deploy that capital in the future. Then we also have North Central coming about, so those things are occurring. We’re trying to manage through this year in a very positive fashion and really a defensive posture, and then set ourselves up for the future years, in ’21 and beyond.  We’ll continue that approach, and obviously if we get a hot summer, for example, we’ll throw capital back in - there’s all kinds of things we can adjust, and then from a residential standpoint, you heard our residential load for April was 6%, and we’re saying 3%, so we don’t know exactly how this is going to play out, particularly with changing dynamics of business cases themselves changing. I mean, we had Nationwide recently come out and say that their people are going to be working from home, and we have 17,000 employees and 12,000 are working from home. We may be looking through our Achieving Excellence program, which we have already accelerated, to look at how you look at people working from home and maybe the whole business cases changes from that perspective and also reduces O&M further.  So we’re in the process of doing all that, but we’re just trying to be as transparent as possible. But you’re reading the tea leaves right.
Nick Akins: No, it doesn’t change. As a matter of fact, we’ll continue those cases. Obviously, as I mentioned, in Kentucky we have a stay out provision. We need to file a case, and we’ll do that when that stay out provision is lifted, and then that would be effective January 1 of 2021. Then for Ohio, obviously we’re due to file a case there as well. It’s a pretty moderate case, but nevertheless.  As far as we can tell, everything is going exactly like we had planned. Now, you may see some procedural schedules change, but the end result and the end dates aren’t changing, so that’s where we’re at today.
Nick Akins: No, we don’t see that happening because obviously we’re required to file a case, and actually it’s a pretty moderate case, so I think that there really isn’t any reason to delay it at this point.
Nick Akins: And everybody knows about it as well, so it won’t be a surprise to anybody. There’s a pretty negligible impact on customers too in that case.
Nick Akins: You know, we’ve had a lot of conversations about that, but every day you’re surprised by some new innovation or something that can change the trajectory of O&M expense. We spend $4 billion a year, I think $2.8 billion is not tracked, and when you look at some of the opportunities that are available, and actually I think if there is a silver lining in the coronavirus pandemic, it is that we can really re-evaluate what it means to get our business done, because we’ve been very effective at the people working from home and actually productivity has not suffered as a result. We still have obviously the field employees that are still out there working as well, but you see the innovations that are occurring. I think we have years ahead of us to continue to optimize O&M expense, and when you think it’s going to level out, something new comes about and I think that’s going to be a continual opportunity for us. We actually--and you probably we announced we have a new senior vice president over our--actually, the digital experience, our Chief Information and Technology Officer who is joining the company, we wanted to make sure that we put technology and the customer experience, and certainly our charge innovation hub and those kinds of things together to really focus the organization on what the future holds and what it can mean in terms of O&M in the future. I think we don’t know the answer to that, and really you don’t want to know, you want to just keep pressing forward, and we’ll do that.
Nick Akins: Yes, and really probably the main message is all the options that were available to us before are still on the table and still being considered. There hasn’t been any change from a timing perspective in our ability to get that done, so I’d say we’re still at the same place we were and we’re ready to execute. I think it’s just a matter of us getting the ducks all in a row to ensure that we’re at the right place at the right time.
Nick Akins: Yes, and we’ve said for really over a year now that with capital rotation, but also sale of assets is on the table as part of that process. We’re obligated to do that from a shareholder perspective, and we will certainly do that.
Nick Akins: Well, I usually get that question from employees. As we look at the O&M and the issues that we’re dealing with to try to reduce O&M to the $2.7 billion level and beyond, we look at a lot of things; but one thing we have to be very careful about is certainly if you offer things like that, you usually lose people you don’t want to lose. In this day and age certainly in our frontline employee ranks, we need every individual that’s working, and there’s a lot of competition going on for the professionals in those industries. That’s something we have to be really careful about. Now obviously if it’s part of the--as part of our regular operations that if we evaluate groups and there’s efficiencies in terms of resources, whether it’s vacancies or retirements or even where severance is offered, we’ll continually manage our resource based upon the work that’s in front of us, and we typically do that on a surgical basis rather than some generalized approach. I suspect that we’ll continue that approach.
Nick Akins: Just to go back on your earlier question too, just an example, I probably have the opportunity for a call-out, our Conesville plant is retiring, the plant is retiring this month after over 60 years of service, and that’s typically what we’ve done. As plants retire, as employees shift from one plant to another and optimize across plants, we’ve enabled that through severance programs and those types of things, so that’s just an example of what you were mentioning before.
Nick Akins: Yes, I guess I would still be disappointed, but obviously you have to look at it realistically, and based on the information we have today, I think we’re well placed in terms of that, and we’ll continually update it. Obviously I’d like to think there’s more upside than downside because we have looked very conservatively and very pragmatically at what we face relative to the business and customer base that we serve, but as we get North Central, I’m still optimistic about those future years where that gets fully layered in, starting in ’21. So 2020 may be a tread year for the guidance range and then we get the engine back fully on the tracks and get moving again. 
Brian Tierney: You know, in both those cases, Steve, we had forward-looking test years and we do have orders effective in both of those jurisdictions.
Brian Tierney: Steve, we’ll be full speed ahead on the capex associated with North Central wind one way or the other. Nick mentioned that it’s not in the $33 billion that we had previously identified for the five years, 2020 to 2024, and we previously said that we anticipate an equity component of that investment to be between 50% and 66%. 
Brian Tierney: Sure, so we are assuming that the second quarter would be the lowest quarter for load, and that there would be a gradual recovery over the balance of 2020 and into the first quarter of 2021.
Brian Tierney: We’ve really been--we anticipate year end being FFO to debt in that 13% to 14% range. We’ve communicated that with S&P and Moody’s, had dialogues with them as late as yesterday. They understand where we are and what we’re doing. I think they were encouraged to see us flex a little bit our capex for the balance of the year in response to anticipated lower cash flows than what we had anticipated, and they’re supportive of that. They were--they viewed what Julie and her team did around the term loan facility as being credit positive, and they are fully aware and apprised of what we’re doing. You should ask them, but I think their answer would be supportive.
Brian Tierney: Sure Julien, thanks for the question. We are anticipating there to be some reduction in cash flow this year associated with two things: one, lower customer demand, and then two, we have eliminated disconnects currently, and so we think that customers will pay us slower than what they have in the past. We’re not seeing the impact of that in a significant way yet - it’s too early, but in anticipation of lower cash flows to maintain those FFO to debt metrics, we felt it was prudent to at least engage the motor on our ability to scale back capex.  In regards to the no impact on future earnings, we tried to do it in places that have either lower regulatory lag or the increase in earnings isn’t as great. Nick mentioned that some of that reduction is in the competitive renewables space and some of that reduction is also at corporate capital, things like IT and things like that, that are much slower to flow into customer rates during rate cases. Things that we are careful not to cut were things like transmission, where we’re spending on customer resilience and reliability and we have those formula-based rates to update and get that capex into rates on a fairly efficient basis. We were really thoughtful about how we cut that or shifted that small amount of capex, and made sure that it wasn’t impacting earnings.
Brian Tierney: There’s another $75 million to $100 million that is in our distribution at our opcos, and then the other $100 million is spread across our organizations but not in the transmission side of the business. 
Brian Tierney: Michael, I think Nick’s answer earlier was there could be a delay in the procedural schedule. We would still expect to get the result of the case when we originally had.
Brian Tierney: Jeremy, there’s really no change in how we’re funding capex. I think the big thing we did really with the last call was give some insight into how we were going to fund more Central wind and the idea that we’d be doing that between 50% and 60% equity. We’ve always been fairly conservative in our balance sheet management, and we’re going to continue that going forward. 
Brian Tierney: James, we do have a little bit of time for that, right? The smaller portion of North Central wind is going to come, about $300 million at the end of ’20, which would really make the financing of that a ’21 event. Then we have really until the end of ’21 to go forward with that, so how we come up with the equity portion of that, whether it’s capital rotation or whether it’s the equity capital markets, are still things that we have plenty of time to work through. I think the important assumption was the range of percentage of equity that we’d use for that project, and that’s where we talked about being in the 50% to 66% of the project.
Brian Tierney: What’s really driving our results for oil and gas has been midstream and downstream, so I attribute a lot of that--it’s pipeline transportation, really, was up 28% for the quarter. What you’re seeing there is sort of a lag effect associated with all the increases that we’ve seen in oil and gas extraction and then it’s been moving that product from the oil patch to refineries and places where it can be used. That lag effect is finally catching up with us as we’ve seen people putting in electric compression on pipelines and our having to service that, and so that trend has continued well into the first quarter and even into the month of April. We’ve continued to see increases in pipeline transportation and downstream as well. The downstream might fall off a little bit as we’re seeing some reductions in refining, and certainly oil and gas extraction itself will be down as people shut in wells and don’t take as much as they previously had. But it’s really been the midstream part of that that’s been driving the growth in oil and gas that we’ve seen. 
Brian Tierney: Then to our service territories as they open, all 11 of our traditional footprint states anticipate opening in May, and they generally have staged reopenings as we go through the month, but all of ours anticipate opening during this month.
Brian Tierney: Yes, I think our service territory, and it’s really interesting to me because we serve midsized cities and smaller - Columbus, Tulsa are our largest cities, but they’re obviously not New York or Chicago or other areas like that, San Francisco. That has actually improved the resilience because people are more spread out, and so our states have been able to methodically go through the shut-down provisions and now are methodically going through the restart provisions, and it’s been, I would say, probably more helpful to the recovery process for our service territory.
