Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. We're going to start the process obviously with the PPA assets. We don't want to slow down the other assets. So we're still looking at that to see what can be done to address it, but we don't want to slow down the existing process that's going on. We're going to stay on schedule and we're going to continue cranking away and then we'll initiate the process and actually initiating a process on the PPA assets is relatively easy to do because we've already done it for the non-PPA assets. So it can move along relatively quickly as well. The question is you know I mean to all of a sudden roll it in to the existing process, it may be challenging. We'll just have to take a look at that.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. I think, obviously, we would want an announcement in the third quarter. And then we'd want to close as quickly as we can and we've been able to close transactions relatively quickly before and it's a known set of assets. So we feel like it may be aggressive, but we want to close by the end of the year.
Nicholas K. Akins: Well, we have initial bids in a cycle that, I think, occurs during the second quarter and then the third quarter will be final bids.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. I just probably make a distinction because even before we started the PPA, I said the State of Ohio needs to decide, but I'd also said that the Commission needs to decide and because we were trying to do something within the purview of the existing legislation and it being left out to the difference of the Commission to decide. In this case, we're not talking about the Commission. Now obviously we'd love for the Commission to be part of that process. They need to be part of the process but this is a legislative issue. And our concern is, and I think there has to be a broader concern about the state of Ohio and that's represented by the legislature, what do we do to enable Ohio to take a firm hold of the capacity and energy situation within the state, the development of new resources, the jobs, taxes and all those things that we talked about earlier. And it's not like you're starting at ground zero to do this. I think the issues in Ohio are well-known from an energy policy perspective. Matter of fact, we just got through the review, through the Ohio business round table, the Columbus partnership's been involved. There is definitely already steps being taken. It's a question of, okay, what steps? And there you're talking about, okay, is there a stopgap measure to basically allow the transfer of certain assets within the state of Ohio to AEP Ohio directly and avoid any kind of affiliate transaction, which probably, I would say is probably a better chance of accomplishing something like that and a full re-regulation, but I wouldn't take that off the table either. I mean because I think there's broader issues that are involved here like, for instance, if Ohio wants to move forward with renewables and renewable implementation and balance out the portfolio and focus on natural gas, those are clearly areas that can fall within some form of re-regulation.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah, but that kind of approval, they've already done before. We already did it for net book transfers from our Ohio, what was our Ohio fleet to other jurisdictions, and they were approved without a hitch. So I think there is probably plenty of precedence on that one.
Nicholas K. Akins: So the first answer is, no there's not enough. Secondly, we'd have to deal with the capacity deficiency either through the market or building new capacity. And I think it's a perfect opportunity for the state of Ohio to look at natural gas and renewables to fill out that approach. And as long as Ohio has control in doing that kind of thing, then we're ready willing and able to move that direction.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. I think we have to look at, and probably do have to have discussions about what is the most expedient process, because I mean there's several options here that we can talk about and some of them maybe stopgaps, some of them maybe longer term. And certainly I think that others in the state will agree that we need to respond quickly to enable us to continue to do what Ohio wants us to do with that generation. And so I'd say we're obviously discussing several options internally among ourselves, but we haven't gone out with specific policy objectives, at least detailed objectives, on how we want to approach it because obviously we want to do what's the most expeditious way to do it. Because in my book, the race is on. The race is on between our option of the strategic evaluation versus our option to have some form of re-regulation coverage. And it maybe a misnomer to call it re-regulation, but we'll have to see what that means. I think AEP has reached the point where it's time to get this resolved once and for all.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. That's probably what we're going to find out, but as far as your timeline, you really ought to be going by our other option of the strategic evaluation. And if we do something earlier, that's great.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. I follow what you're saying. I think probably FERC would follow what you're saying too. So I think that would probably wind up being an issue because you know FERC, they hinged their order. I mean it wasn't just an order saying, come in, let's take a look at it. It was basically saying we don't like the non-bypassables and...
Nicholas K. Akins: I just don't want to introduce any novel issues that would drive our schedule to be even longer, and I think anything to do relative to FERC at this point most likely would be a longer schedule. So we'll have to look at it and see. I mean obviously we'll hold those kinds of options open, but I'm just trying to say our primary options are number one and number two that I had talked about earlier.
Nicholas K. Akins: No. It's not a two-year event. I don't think it's a two-year event. I mean, these issues are well-known, and really, I mean what we asked for Senate Bill 221 if you scrap that and kept – and it goes back to the previous legislation, then there's opportunities there, or it could be specific issues that are dealt with within a smaller legislation that's sort of a stopgap measure to allow the transfer. And so I think that's a relatively simple thing to think about.
Nicholas K. Akins: I think realistically the PPA assets could likely fall into 2017, but I wouldn't think far into 2017 because obviously we have to get a confidential data room with all the analysis and all of the things around those units done, but the parties that are interested in capacity and PJM, they're pretty well-known now. So I think there's probably things you can do to shorten the schedule, but I think to get the non-PPA assets done by year-end is an aggressive posture, but doable but I think probably the PPA assets could fall into first quarter, second quarter next year.
Nicholas K. Akins: Well, I think we need more data before we can make that kind of decision. So I think you've got to test the market and who knows, I mean, you could have a strong summer and the whole world changes. So I wouldn't have any conjecture on that at this point.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. They're in session now, but obviously with the presidential election and all that kind of stuff could slow things down, but that doesn't stop you from doing all the education and everything until after the presidential activities are over.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah, that's fallen back to the third option and really we'll have to take a closer look from a legal perspective, can the FERC process be short changed at all and any provisions that could occur there, but I think FERC is pretty well spoken. We could perhaps ultimately prevail, but it's a long circuitous route to get there unless we can find a way to get a more, a clear and concise and quick response from FERC. So I think that's probably a longer hurdle at this point.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. So I think we'll probably give you some more insight on that in November at EEI, but it's clear that we are reaffirming the 4% to 6% for now, and then and you see the utility growth that's occurring. I mean we show those numbers too. So once we're fully regulated, we'll give a view of what that looks like going forward as well.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. I don't know really. We don't know the answer to that at this point, because the assets that were in the non-PPA side of things, they were natural gas assets primarily, and the market has certainly valued those assets. So we'll have to look at the numbers and responses. We'll know that pretty soon. And then we'll be able to tell you. But at this point, I think it's just conjecture to assume that but we'll be looking at all the options, don't worry about that.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. There's plenty of parties that are in the data room. I just wouldn't want to go any further than that at this point. They'll become known pretty soon.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. So from a Louisiana perspective, I think, it's really taking a step out there to start to deal with the phantom tax issue. Texas has dealt with it before and that obviously was taken care of. West Virginia the same thing. So, unless Louisiana wants to be unique from every other jurisdictions, but that if they do choose to do something like that, then they're going a very different route. And obviously there's no ex parte communications in Louisiana. So we'll obviously be having discussions about all that with our commissioners.
Nicholas K. Akins: And keep in mind, Michael, some of this is deliberate too. I mean, like transmission for example, I mean we're spending a lot of money there and obviously it is a great recovery mechanism, but we're still chasing the recovery mechanism because we're investing so much. And in the other jurisdictions, you know we are following rate cases to catch up in certain areas. But all-in-all I mean we look at it like; we're managing these across the board. So some may be you're seeing drop a little bit but there may be specific reasons for that that we're investing in or that we expect rate making aspects to come around at some point, but we're making very deliberate choices. And even during the first quarter, I mean we didn't cut back on our planned O&M or any of those activities because it's the first quarter. Generally you'd have to say that, yeah probably if you looked at it two years ago, you know we were probably at 10.3% that we estimated for the year but you're still in that 10% area. And that's where we try to manage this thing to ensure that we're meeting that threshold across the board. So you know I wouldn't be looking at SWEPCO, for example, I'm saying. Well that's the general trend for everyone. We've talked about the specific issue at SWEPCO and it's that Turk piece, the 88 megawatts of Arkansas that we really need to resolve, but timing is going to be an issue there.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. So in Kentucky, we're likely to be making another filing. So when that occurs you'll continue to see that improvement as well. So I sort of look at Kentucky like the little engine that could, because we get some progressive things out of Kentucky like the cyber rider that we had, and obviously it was our first jurisdiction we were able to do a transfer to. So, there are some benefits of being in the Kentucky jurisdiction, but you have to look at this thing in the overall context, it is a small bubble but it's one that's on the uptick from an ROE perspective and we'll continue progressing that way.
Nicholas K. Akins: What I can tell you is we're very mindful of is that we have a whole laundry list of potential places to put any available cash that comes in. You named one of them, obviously transmission, which we have substantial ability there. There's other things on the list that we continue to invest in, not only the operating companies but also on the competitive side with purchase power arrangements. So those are opportunities that we can continue to develop in anticipation of cash proceeds coming in. But what I want to make sure of is that, we're not going to just get a pile of cash and have it burn a hole in our pocket and we wind up doing something stupid.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. I think our interests are consistently aligned because there's a problem, and everyone knows there's a problem. And for some probably, it's more of a problem than others, but it's still a problem. So we're going to continue to address it, and you'll have to ask Chuck at FE and others, what their thoughts are, but I would venture to say that our interests are aligned in many ways from that perspective because there is a problem.
Nicholas K. Akins: ... I really don't want to get to a point where we have 10 options that we're evaluating, because I think it's pretty clear what we need to do.
Nicholas K. Akins: Well, that is an option but we'll have to investigate it and see what actually that means for the company financially but that is an option that has been initially discussed, but whether that prevails or not, we'll just have to take a look and see.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. I think certainly Senator Murkowski has been working very hard to get bipartisan support for the bill has energy efficiency provisions, has provisions for the grid in terms of certainly the focus on making sure the grid is reliable. I think that's a good bill. And obviously, it has to go to conference and Fred Upton has been working on the other side on the House side. So they'll have to put those two together and they're very different in some respect. So we're going to have to work through that process, but overall, though, anything that Congress and the Senate can do to come together from a bipartisan standpoint to focus on reliability of the grid, integration of all these activities that we are having to deal with is a good thing, and I think it's a good start. Now, there's some heavier lift issues that eventually will need to be addressed but you got to start somewhere, and I think Lisa Murkowski has done an incredible job – I think it's Cantwell on the other side of the aisle – but it's good to see.
Nicholas K. Akins: You know even for what it's doing in terms of things like renewables, I mean I think it would be potentially more wires investment for us, which we've been very effective at implementing to enable solar and wind development. I mean I think it's only an upside at this point. We haven't quantified what that is yet Jim.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. Well, we haven't neither created nor destroyed capacity out in the market. So there may have to be interim solutions of capacity to get through until the state can actually decide what does an integrated resource plan look like for the state going forward. So the capacity is probably available but because we transferred our capacity as well and retired capacity, we'll need to make sure we have a plan to recover from that. I think from the customer standpoint, to put new capacity in place or buy existing capacity that's out on the market, would be a positive thing to provide certainty in terms of their bills in the future. And I just see a very volatile future for Ohio customers and usually that volatility happens at bad times, where customers can here afford to be able to pay a bill, I think. The utility sort of focus, as particularly an integrated utility is sort of a big budget biller. And when you open it up to market forces, the budget biller is not in the game anymore. So I think there's value in that.
Brian X. Tierney: Yeah. Let me start with Texas first. TCC and TNC, we've recently filed the distribution and cost recovery factors there. And those requests are TCC about $54 million, TNC about $16 million in terms of when we expect them to come in place, to propose effective date for both of those is September 1st of this year. And so the effect of those increases will come in, in this chart over the course of the following 12 months in that regard. In SWEPCO, we also have a Texas TCRF that's in and we've requested an increase of about $4.9 million, a very small average customer increase. In addition, we've had a SWEPCO distribution cost recovery factor, where we've requested another about $9.2 million. So very much trying to take advantage of the relatively quick recovery mechanisms that they have with the cost recovery filings that are short of a full rate case in the Texas and trying to get those increases reflected as quickly as possible to help get some of those Texas and SWEPCO ROEs moving in the right direction. In PSO, we've implemented a rate increase, effective January 1 of this year, subject to refund and are expecting an order out of the Oklahoma Commission sometime this quarter. And again that should have that PSO ROE moving in the right direction, up closer to the upper 9%s, closer to 10% range.
Brian X. Tierney: You know the equalizer chart that you referred to on slide four Michael is very much a heads-up display for us. And when we see those lower ROEs, we are either taking action or have taken action to try and get those improved. And you see that across the board whenever you see those bubbles or balls there whatever you want call them, getting in the lower end of the range.
Brian X. Tierney: It's either flat to down, Michael. It's that trend that we've had going back to 2011 to have it be between that 2.6% and 2.8% range and we're right about in the middle of that throughout 2016.
Brian X. Tierney: So there's two different things here. I mean, the non-PPA assets are part of the process that's already ongoing. And that process is already in play. There's already confidential data rooms. There's already a review going on. There's all kinds of things going on with that transaction, and really the schedule is pretty aggressive, but we're going to get it done. The -
Brian X. Tierney: Okay. So the PPA assets, obviously we're going to have to do the same thing there in terms of getting a lot of data associated with that. Now just think about – the original non-PPA assets are plants that are wholly owned, there's no partners, there's primarily natural gas, which is pretty easy to evaluate with Gavin obviously, and Gavin is the piece that people have to take a look at as well. With the other set of assets, I'm sure, we've got to get a lot of data and information together for them to present them in a positive way to ensure that potential investors can look at those assets and give them time to do that. So we wouldn't want to slow down the existing non-PPA for that. And you can only move so quickly with those kinds of transactions, particularly as it relates to the existing PPA assets, but we'll start the process. We'll move as quickly as we can, but I'm just trying to be realistic in that it will take a little bit longer than the existing schedule we have for the non-PPA. And now what it also says is, is that the re-regulation or anything, any potential option thereof is going to have to move very aggressively. And so we don't have any time to spare on that, because I think that – but I'm just saying that that's not the critical path. On the critical path, we have two projects: one, the existing non-PPA, and then now we have the existing PPA assets, and we're going to move as quickly as we can. There's been a lot of homework done on it, lot of analysis done on it. So we don't have to do any of that and recreate it, but we've got to make sure our process is robust enough so that people can understand probably a more complex set of resources.
Brian X. Tierney: So we've not shared the tax basis on those assets. And really the use of proceeds discussion would be likely timed to when we would announce what a transaction would be, but we have a great opportunity to reinvest in our organic business with those proceeds, as you saw us do, when we had a – bonus tax depreciation got extended, we're able to increase the CapEx for 2017 and 2018 by $1 billion immediately, most of that going into the wire side of the business, but more a fulsome discussion on what we would do with use of proceeds would likely be at an Analyst Day following the announcement of the resolution of that strategic review.
Brian X. Tierney: But their refund order stays in effect if we were to begin collecting, but given what they said about the waiver, we can't begin collecting because we can't implement the PPA. So there's nothing to refund.
