Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. So, actually, that's probably one of the lessons learned from Wind Catcher, being so intensive and the transmission being pretty intensive as well. We're looking at obviously, smaller segments, smaller wind farms with smaller transmission, multiple areas. We've already started that process. We're also, in parallel with that, doing – really refocusing our integration resource plans and evolve into various jurisdictions that support that approach. Most of it, you're going to find – we'll show more about that at EEI. But basically, it's showing renewables. But we also have to be mindful of the political situation and – in each of our state jurisdictions and the resources that they're looking for. So, you're going to see resource plans that develop around wind resources, solar resources, perhaps some storage, but also some natural gas. So you'll continue to see that kind of development. And as I said, it will be smaller capacity segments focused on various jurisdictions. And we've already started that process.
Nicholas K. Akins: No. You're not missing anything. The settlement that was done in the east is pretty consistent with the range that came out of those cases. And I really believe even, there's some discussion of incentives. Incentives are being dealt with the same fashion. The only one we get is the RTO incentive. So, I really believe that discussion, while still initial, I still think it will be supportive of transmission investments. So, we see no change.
Nicholas K. Akins: Well, certainly, transmission – I mean, we're already tracking over $3 billion a year in capital investment in transmission. And certainly, with Transource and other opportunities out there, you may see other projects come into play that are incremental. But obviously, we want to be very mindful of where we're investing. We have plant retirements that are occurring, they will encourage more transmission investment. So, we're going to continue to push the organization, the Transmission organization to do as much as we possibly can around capital deployment. So, there's always opportunities. And also, it has to be in the context of – the distribution side is growing as well. And certainly, we want to make sure that we're doing the right thing there, too. But as far as transmission is concerned, as I said, really no end in sight in terms of our ability to invest in transmission. And actually, the reasons for transmission investment continue to change all the time. We're seeing further retirements. Obviously, some of those are ours. But also, with – I think there's no doubt, even when you think about the climate change aspects, the ESG activity, all those types of things that are occurring is going to continue to push for clean energy resources, and that means transmission as well. We have a lot of resources that are attached and that we enable through transmission, and that will continue to grow. So we'll have more discussion on that at EEI as well.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. So we look at that a little differently than others perhaps because we are accentuated by transmission and because – largest transmission by far, that's where a lot of our investment goes, but also the regulated operating companies continue to grow as well. We can afford to be very selective about these projects. There's a lot of projects out there. Some of them have shorter duration, 5, 10 years. That's not what we're really interested in. When we look at our tenure of these contracts, we're looking for long-term contracts with creditworthy counterparties, particularly utilities, which we've done across the country. We're in 32 states now. And also, the actual development and construction risk versus financial risk, we're mostly in the financial risk category at this point in time, and that's pretty meaningful in terms of mitigation risk. So, I would say, we're fully prepared to go as deep as we want to go in that, but we don't have a requirement to be out there everywhere trying to soak up every deal regardless of what it may mean from a risk profile perspective. So, Chuck, is – I think, is it $750 million of the $1 billion that we had allocated before? And we'll have more on that at EEI as well.
Nicholas K. Akins: No, you'll see more clarity soon. And I just want to make clear to you that we already have resource plans filed in the jurisdictions that have renewables in them. I think you're going to see more definition and more focus around what the alternatives are, and also being respectful to what the individual states want to see. Those will start coming out as early as December, and then they'll continue to flow out during 2019. So, you're going to see several first passes here probably within the first quarter of 2019 and toward the end of this year.
Nicholas K. Akins: ...Arkansas and then Louisiana. And obviously, they were supportive of Wind Catcher, so there's some real opportunity there to really fashion it to what they're looking for. But each one is different from a scheduling perspective, and each one of them have different views of what resources are applied. And so, we're going to have to make sure that it's mapped toward that.
Nicholas K. Akins: No, no, no. I think it's more of a more refinement, but also there's things we know today that we didn't know even before Wind Catcher. And certainly, gas forecast will change and those types of things, and the way we present things is likely to change as well to where we're being much more of a partner with our commissions and the states in terms of what they're looking for.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. So, well, first of all, I certainly am looking toward a positive outcome in Oklahoma. I think there's some confusion. We have the Oklahoma Transco and certainly PSO, they're two separate utilities. But, at the same time, I think it'd be somewhat difficult to think of them independently because certainly, PSO and Transco is – Transco is new transmission, but it's transmission that's within the PSO customer side of things, and it's not all that way. And I think there's a lot of confusion even from maybe the commission perspective and others from what I've read from the investment analysts' reports. The Transco at PSO, it is an Oklahoma Transco, but it invests in transmission based on what SPP requirements are and in terms of what the customer load requirements are for PSO. Only the cost in the Transco that go to Oklahoma customers are actually ascribed to Oklahoma customers. And there's this view that we can short change PSO because we get higher ROEs in the Oklahoma Transco. Well, that is really very, very small. I mean, if you were to take the Oklahoma Transco along with PSO and look at the rate structures associated with that, the impact of the Transco is really only like 28 basis points. So – and I think some people think that we can have 6.5% ROE at PSO, and we're getting 10.5% to 11% in Transco that, okay, that's fine overall, but it's not because the rate base is much bigger from a PSO perspective and only incremental transmission is in the Transco. And when you account for that, it's not like we're taking earnings and soften them off to the corporate parent. It's that the investment made in the Transco in earnest of (00:41:04) the benefit of AEP shareholders, but also, the PSO returns and investment made within PSO that's also regulated goes to the AEP shareholders as well, any earnings and returns associated with that. So, this notion that we can average it out and everything's fine doesn't make sense. And so I think we've got to get sort of past that. As far as PSO's future is concerned, we obviously have been – and we've said time and time again that we can't have a chronic under-recovery for years and years because obviously, our shareholders are expecting investments to be made in places where we can get very positive returns. In the other state jurisdictions, that's possible. Even in Kentucky, it's come up considerably. PSO in Oklahoma remains that single situation that we have that really needs to be corrected. And I think we presented a very positive case to say that, okay, we're to provide great quality service to our customers and we're committed to that. But obviously, on the other side, we need to be able to invest and invest and get a decent recovery for it. And that's what performance-based rate-making does for you also in terms of bringing that investment closer to – the recovery closer to when the investment's made. That's a natural occurrence. And I say, I think, we've got to get that message across in all of these rate filings. But it'd be hard to separate the two and do something different, and I really don't want to go there at this point. I want to get through this case. And then we look at the situation of the tax basis and leakage and everything else associated with issues of sales, and do we actually have a use for that. So, – and you're going to see more at EEI. I think there's one of the slides about sources and uses that sort of gives our thinking in terms of what we're looking at. So, I'd rather reserve a lot of that discussion for EEI, but also, as far as PSO is concerned, reserve that discussion to later, certainly after the rate case. And keep in mind, too, that we have a second corporate headquarters there in Oklahoma. Tulsa has about 618 employees there that are not PSO employees. They're AEP corporate employees. And so, that would also have to be managed in the context of whatever the disposition of PSO would be going forward. So, there's a lot of things to think about from that perspective, but I really don't want to go there until we fully understand what our role is in Oklahoma. And I think the commission is going to make a definite statement on that this time around. (00:44:31) that.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. So, I would suspect – we're following what the framework has been set up to get these approvals for the renewables. And certainly, a change in administration could have an impact, but I think the path is already set. It really is up to the Commission now. We've gone out for bid, we've done what we need to do, and that's at least for 400 megawatts. There's still 500 megawatts to go, and that's probably wind-related resources. So, we still have an opportunity to continue to progress along that path. And I don't really see an impact in terms of – or a change in the thought process of the Commission itself. But we've got credible projects out there. We presented a filing that did not have us participating in those two projects of BPA, but given the use of our balance sheet, certainly, there was a factor that we applied to it that included provisions from our financial perspective to ensure that we remain neutral from a capital structure standpoint. So – and we made that decision and we'll make that decision on any future PPAs. And whether we're actually investing or not investing, I think that goes to – it goes to the capital discipline that we have of our threshold of returns and risk associated with any capital investment we make. So, I think we manage it pretty well from that perspective. So, we'll wait and see what the Commission thinks about the two that have been filed.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. I wouldn't – well, I would say it a little differently. I mean, obviously, we've been consistent about the message that our dividends grow commensurate with our earnings. And I think we got – and we really also feel very strongly that a regulated utility should be in a healthy range within that 60% to 70%. And it started to wag a little bit, and we really felt like some of it was catch-up but also, some of it was confidence. And I think as the board looks at the dividend policy in the future, we're going to continue to focus on what the earnings profile of the company looks like going forward, and we'll be very transparent about that at EEI, and give you some sense of where the dividend will go as well.
Nicholas K. Akins: I think our policy has been from a board perspective, and this comes from the board obviously, that we'll grow commensurate with earnings. Now, okay, so – and you also have to look at the use of capital. We have plenty of places to put capital, and I think there's probably going to be more definition around that because Brian has just mentioned that we'll be showing five years of capital going forward. That will give you some insight in terms of what the earnings capability of the company is going forward. And then you can take from that earnings where the dividend policy will be.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. Actually, I think we get – as far as coal-fired generation, we're in the 30-something-percent range. We've already gone from 65% to I think it's 51%, and it's going to go even further because we've already announced closures of Oklaunion and Conesville. And as you move forward, you're going to see continued activity in that regard, but also, at the same time, our fleet itself is continuing to grow from a clean energy perspective that's added on to it as well. So, that's really what we're looking at in the future. So, as we transform our generation fleet, we're going to be in the range of 36% coal – at least down 36% from a coal perspective, up 2% on natural gas, no change on nuclear, up 29% on solar and hydro, wind, and then energy efficiency up 5%. So, you're seeing a very different view of what really is changing from a generation fleet to resources. And those resources include transmission, and they also include the efficiencies within the grid itself that have yet to really been – you haven't seen that capital picture yet. So, it's going to continue to change dramatically.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. There is a regulatory lag, but also there's – and we sort of position our cases where they need to be done. In some cases, I mean like AEP Texas, it's a lower ROE because we're investing heavily, but it's a really good recovery mechanism in Texas. The same is true with the transmission. And then, we have the formula based rates in various jurisdictions, and Arkansas has formula-based rates now, and certainly, we're trying to get that at PSO to bring that more concurrent. But there is regulatory lag in there, and we're trying to minimize that as much as possible to bring up the effect of ROEs. That's a critical component of what we're working with our regulators on. And as far as looking into the future, you're going to have AEP Ohio, that portion dropped off. So the legacy parts of AEP Ohio, the RSR and the PIR and all that kind of stuff, that's going to drop off. But at the same time, we expect other jurisdictions to be picking up. So, – including PSO. And so, that's part of it as well. So, it's probably more convoluted than -you can't look at each one of them deterministically because we invest differently in each company at different times, and timing has a lot to do with it, and the O&M spend for various activities. But generally speaking across the board, we always try to get to that 10%.
Brian X. Tierney: Yeah. It's very much in line with what we had anticipated. So, like so many of the other orders – and we have some detail on this in the appendix of the release – it's going very smoothly wherever we've had these occasions. And the range of flowbacks that we have, have also been very reasonable. When we talked to you early in the year, we kind of assumed flowbacks happening very quickly. But I think just about everywhere we've been, the range is 2 to like 18 years, with most of it being in the 10- to 15-year range. It's been very – and people are being reasonable and Ohio's order was just another instance of that.
Brian X. Tierney: The CapEx plan will be out for five years, and I think the financing plan, we're going to go out three.
Brian X. Tierney: Yeah, Julien. So we showed at last year's EEI for 2020 meeting, an incremental about $400 million in equity over the dividend reinvestment program. If we were to show another year, I'd anticipate showing another need just like that in 2021.
Brian X. Tierney: Greg, we had previously announced guidance for 2019 for operating earnings of $4 to $4.20 per share. And that move that the board made earlier this week puts our dividend payout ratio squarely in the middle of what we previously announced of 60% to 70%, and the move that they made puts it exactly at 65%. And I think as Nick said, that's just the board in expressing its confidence in our ability to grow earnings over time.
Brian X. Tierney: Yeah. So we're going to be up a little bit as we were out with the weather being what it's come in at. Last year, we significantly throttled back O&M in the fourth quarter. This year, given where we've gotten ahead with weather, we've been able to move some things into 2018 from 2019. And so, between shifting employee-related expenses, some things we've taken on forestry, we're going to be up versus what we had previously announced at EEI for last year.
Brian X. Tierney: Yeah. So, we do have tax appetite for both the regulated side of the business and the competitive side of the business. And we anticipate utilizing that tax appetite to the point where we anticipate having a cash effective tax rate on a federal basis of about 5% for the foreseeable future
Brian X. Tierney: So, Paul, when we take that methodology and apply it to our facts, we come up with an ROE that is very, very similar to what we settled at. One of the other benefits that we got from the settlement was the opportunity to increase our equity layer from 50% to 55%. And so, even though the ROE is right on top of where we would calculate it given the New England transmission owners' orders, we think we end up even better than that given the increase in the equity layer. And then, of course, on top of that, we had, as Nick was talking about earlier, the incentive for being in an RTO.
Brian X. Tierney: Nope. We're going to add a year to that. So, let me confirm that we are going to show five years of CapEx, and we'll show an additional year on the transmission outlook.
