Brian Tierney: Julien, I think a lot of the things that we're going to talk about are renewable opportunities in addition to North Central Wind, how we're transitioning from a carbon-based generating fleet much more to a lot of the renewables that the Virginia Clean Energy Act enables and legislation in Indiana enables as well. So we're going to provide a lot more detail on that at EEI and take you through what that looks like. You have the renewable requirement in Virginia. You mentioned APCo. We've got the requirement there. And also Indiana, Michigan, we continue to do renewables in various areas there. We're also doing renewables, we just did fourth sale in Oklahoma. And then we also have renewable applications here in Ohio that are brewing as well. So, we'll have plenty to talk about. And I think, we don't we don't spend and then maybe we should spend more talking about the opportunities we've got available to us from a renewable standpoint. But the way I see it is that, we're just on the precipice of a massive transformation to renewable resources. And AEP, if you look at the runway it's pretty substantial. And that will continue particularly as we do individual relationships with customers, but also in terms of the regulated side as well, through the Integrated Resource Planning process. So we'll certainly talk more about that at November EEI.
Brian Tierney: Julien, the low to mid-teens is completely consistent with our prior messaging on FFO to debt. And that outlook was incorporated in Moody's when they made their adjustments back in August. And remember that will continue to improve as some of this accumulative deferred income taxes that is being repaid to the regulatory jurisdictions are occurring much more quickly than we thought, maybe we originally thinking 10 years. And it turned out to be five years. And that's occurring more quickly. So that FFO to debt metric will pick up as that rolls off.
Brian Tierney: Yes. So let me start with the 2.7% load degradation. It's what you would expect. It's largely commercial and industrial sales. The decrease is being offset by residential. And so, what we've seen is it takes more than just looking at the raw numbers on residential, commercial and industrial, it's really the mix. You remember, we make more margin on residential sales than we do on commercial and industrial. And that mix has come in better than we had anticipated at the beginning of the pandemic. So, it's not been as dire as what we thought it might be because of what's happened with the sales mix, rather than just the overall decreases. So that's been positive. Looking forward on O&M, we have for a number of years been tightening our belt and been very, very tight around untracked O&M in that $2.8 billion to $3.1 billion range. And with what we're doing with achieving excellence, and everything else we're doing with sustainable and non-sustainable O&M cuts, I'd anticipate us being towards the lower end of that range going forward.
Brian Tierney: Just a quick update on taxes. If we were to have an increase in taxes, we anticipate that our commissions would handle it. Really, one of two ways and not dissimilar to how they handled tax reform three or four years ago. We anticipate that they would either allow the increase to be deferred until the next rate proceeding, or we anticipate that they'd have kind of a one issue, order come out where they would allow us to adjust rates just to reflect the new expected higher income tax rate. In any event, we wouldn't expect it to be a significant driver to earnings or cash for the company going forward.
Brian Tierney: Yes, a lot of it has to do more so than actual physical things. It's our ability to get permitting and the like done. And so during the shutdown, it was hard to be able to get into the offices, do land acquisitions, title searches and things like that. And that just potentially pushed us back at big teams. We're not in anticipating anything material there. We still anticipate late this year to early next year which is one of the signal that due to some of those unanticipated issues largely associated with COVID that that project could have a range of when it would come online.
Brian Tierney: It kind of matches what Nick was saying is that the projects don't -- we don't get the projects until commercial completion is done, we then get the project. And given the discrete nature of them, we can really time the equity issuance very closely with when the project comes online. And James the reason, we need that flexibility, you look at Sundance, which we're anticipating in the first quarter of 2020, that's about a $300 million project. We'll be able to time the equity issuance, if that's what it is closely with when that project comes online. The next one, which we're anticipating at the end of 2021, is about a $400 million project, Maverick. And then the last one is Traverse, which is about $1.3 billion and we talked about that being late 2021, early 2022. We believe that whether it's an aftermarket program, a follow on issuance or asset rotation, we're going to be able to time those very, very closely with when those discrete projects come online. So from a modeling standpoint, the timing that we're talking about really is going to be insignificant to 2021. And I'd start repeating myself and shaping it in 2021.
Brian Tierney: Sophie, we also have some jurisdictions that have forward looking test years, so we'll be able to incorporate a forward looking view. And then we have places like Ohio, where residential and small commercial are already decoupled. So, there are lots of mitigations to unusual load circumstances that we find ourselves in right now.
Nick Akins: When we look at the load forecast, I mean if you assume 2021 is going to be better, which we believe it is. And you look at that mix, we don't see residential. I mean, obviously, it will moderate as the economy comes back on the industrial and commercial side, commercial in particular. But still, you're going to have a continued longstanding remnant of improved residential support just by virtue of what companies have learned from the work from home environment. So, I'm a little bit bullish on the load and then at least a financial picture associated with load. And then when you look at the O&M this achieving excellence program it has truly been a fundamental change for us and augmentation of all the lean activities and other things that we did before. And it really is focused on a regular part of our budget process to ensure that we're capturing savings and every step along the way. So, feeling pretty good about the continual progress year-on-year of achieving excellence.
Nick Akins: Yes, so I guess, well, first of all, it's the election, certainly as a noisy election cycle, and who knows what's going to happen here, we never know. But we've got 114 years history of managing between the goalposts here, so we'll continue to do that. And our focus is on move into that clean energy economy. So really, the only difference obviously, is maybe the pace at which the change will occur if there's a Biden administration versus Trump. But nevertheless, it doesn't change that much for us, because we're focused on moving that clean energy economy as quickly as we can, to ensure that we are making that transition into the future that we know it's going to happen. Now, who knows where technology will go, even for fossil fuels, but nevertheless, we'll continue that transition to renewables and certainly some natural gas to ensure that we are delivering for our customers in the future. So, from a client perspective, we have an excellent record and I think that's why we get seen from the ESG community where they know what we're doing, they know what our message is, we're making continual progress. And we'll continue to make that progress. And then when you think about, as I said, in my original write up, I used the word latent, because it is a somewhat of an undeveloped or emerging activity around electrification of the economy, certainly around O&M and what we find with digitization and automation. And then, of course, as we move forward with the transformation, the generation transformation that we see ahead of us. So that's, that's why I'm feeling pretty good about where this company is heading.
Nick Akins: Hey, James, we feel like it's still going to be the end of the summer, but obviously it could fall into that range in the first quarter, we're confident of that particular range. But remember, we're not making any progress payments, either. It's sort of we require it when it's done. So from a financial perspective it's fine.
Nick Akins: James, Brian mentioned the options we're looking at. And rest assured internally, we're also being at the death. So, we'll make sure that we're making the right decisions relative to the timing associated with those investments.
Nick Akins: Hey, I think there's no doubt that -- and again, I think there was a lot of advantage taken with it with the tax reductions that occurred. And you're right, there's no doubt that there will be headroom that is reduced, because it is certainly going to be an impact to put those back in. Now, the question is how to put back in or what time frame and that kind of thing. But also that's why it's so important for us to move forward as quickly as possible and accelerate achieving excellence, so that we can mitigate that impact as much as possible. But still, you're looking at it in the face of a definite need for rehabilitation and continued capitalization of the grid to ensure that we have reliability and resiliency of supply, particularly when you're dealing with hurricanes, wildfires, cyber, all those kinds of issues we have to respond to that. So there'll be rate increases associated with the implementation of new taxes. And I think it's unavoidable, but certainly it's incumbent on us to make sure we mitigate that as much as possible with our achieving excellence program and other measures. And we'll have discussions with the commissions, just like we had discussions when tax reform occurred. And, it's unfortunate we didn't do it over a longer period of time like we had suggested, because then it would mitigate even the return of taxes. And if we continue vacillating back and forth like this, that's going to be a continual issue for our industry that our regulators need to recognize. We do have to keep some reserve there to ensure that we're not moving customer rates around, as much as could be as if it becomes pretty volatile. So, your point is well recognized, but we'll do what we can to mitigate the effects and we'll have those conversations. But I think one thing that's also come into play here, though is, is the nature of the importance of the service that we provide, for everyone to be able to watch their Netflix or do all the things they need to do at home, work from home. All those sorts of activities will change the nature of how we look at residential supply. And there's no question that that's going to change going forward. And that's why I'm always troubled by the commission saying that AMR versus AMI, for example, the investments we want to make in AMI, it's not because AMI is you don't just look at the cost of the meters of AMI and the undepreciated balance associated with AMR. You've got to look at what you're leveraging into and that's the customers’ ability to adjust to their own energy picture and be able to drive energy efficiency and all those things and give the customer the opportunity to do that, as opposed to of the system just decide in that forum. So, I think there's just a lot of things we need to have discussions about with our regulators to really focus on what that future actually means. And with electrification of the economy, that's clearly going to be an issue that we need to deal with to make sure our customers are more resilient, more reliable and as economic as possible, but also give them the opportunity to make adjustments on their total bill as opposed to dealing on a headline on rate increases.
Nick Akins: Yes, I think, we're looking at all of our states now and all our state jurisdictions, and it's really sort of our resource planning on steroids. And even the dogs like it. And I think there's no question that we're in the process of moving forward with that transformation as quickly as possible, making significant T&D investments, but all and you see that based on the changes in capital. But then when you look at states like West Virginia, we will be -- I think the first step is going to be how we run coal fired capacity, for example, where we have other forms of energy coming in and have lower capacity factors on coal units, but still they be available if those times where, you have severe cold weather, or really warm weather in the summer. So, it's a way we run these facilities during the interim, but then it's also that transition that we make going forward. I think that's true for all of the jurisdictions. And our jurisdictions have been fairly conservative in making that transition. I think that pace can quick and though, as a result of the even the bipartisan focus on continuing to lower emissions in our plant. So, I think there's the catalysts are there. And actually, post-election, who knows what'll happen, but I still see, you're already seeing some Republican and Democratic legislation that's being proposed that tries to answer that question. And if you have that from a national standpoint and the states are moving forward with their own resolutions, and then we can be particularly helpful in ensuring that occurs as quickly as possible.
Nick Akins: Yes. So, we have multiple utilities, right. So, we have the opportunity to move around capital investment to time it with relative rate case activity to ensure that we are spinning on the right things at the right time. Not to say that we're trying to load the budgets or anything, what we're saying is that, that when we go through the rate case, filings, it's important to not only have discussions with the Commissions about what we're spending on, but what the results of that spending will be. So, if the load is not increasing, obviously, it exaggerate. It certainly challenges the rate impacts, because the denominator is not growing. If the denominator is growing, obviously, that's helpful. But if it isn't, you're still having to make choices about what the priorities are for each regulatory jurisdiction based on discussions with the Commissions to help us determine, okay, number one, what are we willing to pay for, number two, what are those priorities that exist. And some of those are absolute priorities and some of them are things that yes, we'd like to do, but it may be that we have to work out for a longer period of time before bringing that in. So, there's all kinds of dialogues that occur, relative to what that prioritization should be. And we'll continue doing that with our Commissions. And we have done, whether it's gone, where the economy is going well, or whether the economy has been in a downturn. I think we're moving toward an upturn. So that's going to be helpful.
Nick Akins: And some of these things are known and reasonable adjustments too, so you have to look at the 2020 test year and say, we had to make these changes because of COVID. And COVID is going to be sort of a unique circumstance and then we had to react. And actually, the Commissions themselves, we had moratoriums on customer cut-offs. So, there is adjustments we all made in that process, and I think we'll make those adjustments coming out of that process as well.
Nick Akins: Well, so when we talk about potential assets, we look at everything, and we look at sources and uses. And obviously, we want the use part of it right now is how do we finance North Central Wind, a major project. And the sources can be anything in our portfolio, and that's where portfolio management is going to be a key part of what we do in the future. So, I'm not going to say, specifically what we're looking at, or anything like that at this point. But what I will say is that it's incumbent on us to be looking at everything from a source perspective, and then focusing on how we deploy capital in the best way and transfer that into really projects like North Central, and be able to fund it in the best way to ensure our shareholder value. And we will continue to do that. So, I think you got what the sort of year play out.
