Nick Akins: Yes, there is no change in our thought process. We're still tracking 5% to 7%. We disappointed if we weren't in the upper range of that, because obviously, when you look at the components of load here from a financial perspective, it's not having much impact on our plans. And though by the way, we adjust all the time, for weather, for all kinds of things. And we have a big opportunity to do that.And I think there's a real opportunity for us to continue to advance, particularly with the renewables play and everything else that's going on. So, even without that though, I think we're in great shape. So it hasn't changed anything. I mean, probably last quarter we probably talked almost too much about the loans and the industrial side of things. And really there's nothing compared to what we experienced back in 2009 and that did pretty well weather in that storm.So -- but in this case, I think you’re seeing some resiliency there from an industrial and manufacturing standpoint and you’re seeing it start to pick up. And from the -- and as we said, it's also interesting to note, it's great to have diversity in load, because we've got the oil and gas activity that's going gangbusters with the transportation sector.And then also you think of what's going on just the consumer side and everyone's talking about this being a consumer-driven economy. And there's no question that people have more money in their pockets and more people have jobs. And you're seeing that reflected in the numbers that we see. So we stand committed to what we've always said before, and we fully expect to be in the upper range of that 5% to 7%.
Nick Akins: Yes. It's going to be up versus what we talked about last year at EEI. But the fact of the matter is, as we've sold off some of the competitive generation of the retiring plants, we're replacing some of those earnings with the renewable business that we had. So it's not declining the way you might expect from the sale of the competitive assets and the retirements, but we’ve filled in some of that gap with the renewables, but we don't expect that to be a huge growing business for us going forward.
Nick Akins: Well, there has been some industrials that have in place down there and some expansions. And so Oklahoma has a governor down there that is really focused on economic development and I think it's having an impact on the state.We're very happy to see that. There's certainly low rates there, and the ability to put these industrials in place, but it's probably a more balanced economy as well. Steve, even what you're seeing with rig count. A lot of the growth that we've seen has been a mid and downstream. And a lot of that specifically in pipeline transportation un-congesting a lot of the shale region congestion that's happened over the last several years and it's moving the products and commodities out of those regions.
Nick Akins: Yeah, I think we're non-utility renewables. Yeah, so we're particularly pleased with the performance of that particular acquisition and really in concert with the other development opportunities that we were focused on. But when you think about the acquisition of not only the projects and really the economics was based on the active projects that were ongoing the developmental opportunities we’ve hardly placed any value on, because you didn't know they would happen. But in fact those have continued to progress quite nicely.So it really has been an opportunity for us to continue the expansion of that effort. And then you also have to include Santa Rita in that where we’ve continue to expand from that perspective. So I think that business is moving along quite well. We're very disciplined in the way we approach it and I think it's paid off.
Nick Akins: Yes. So, we're likely just to focus on 2020. At EEI we reaffirmed our 5% to 7% earnings growth rate. Remember that our guidance for 2020 is $4.25 to $4.45 and we're likely to say that that's what it will be again for 2020. And the key drivers are the things that you would think about for a traditional premium regulated utility.It's rate outcomes, ability to invest in our organic regulated businesses, our ability to continue to invest in contracted renewables, and then, of course, things like weather and load will impact the earnings outlook as well. So not to forget, of course, our ability to constrain as we have over many years O&M spending and we're particularly going to be focused on that in 2020.
Nick Akins: No. We're not saying anything back in 2020, because obviously our transmission business continues to do well and other components of our business as well. And then the load itself. There's components of that load that’s doing really well.And from a financial perspective, load will have not that much of an impact on the earnings of the company. So we're not saying that at all. I mean 2020, it's full speed ahead. And then 2021, we'll obviously see the outcome of the regulated renewable piece of it and go from there.
Nick Akins: Well, certainly, Texas is Texas. I mean, there's all kinds of opinions and interveners obviously have their opinions. But when it comes down to it it's AEP Texas is a transmission and distribution utility. And it's very difficult to disallow costs that are spent from a transmission and a distribution perspective. So that's going to be up to the Texas Commission.And certainly, we have a different fact patterns than the other one that you referred to. And every case is different, every company is different, the kind of investments are different. So we feel good about our position in AEP Texas. That's why we continue to invest the way we do. So, obviously, we're looking for a positive outcome as a signal to continue investing.
Nick Akins: Yes. It's probably a better question for the commission than for us. But, obviously, during the Encore proceedings that's were sort of all this started. And obviously a company like Encore they wanted to make sure that there are some local type of control. And we're you operating in the state and have been for years.And I think the commission obviously is interested in how much control is placed within Texas around the assets that they feel like that benefit the state of Texas. So, I suspect you may see some reminiscence of that showing up in various cases, but we have been in and are operating in Texas for a long time and that's not going to change.
Nick Akins: Texas is one of the fastest-growing territories that we have. And we're not going to -- I mean we're not going to fall back on our ability to invest and produce benefits for our customers. And in East Texas obviously we have direct contact with the customers in the portion is at T&D and -- but certainly, I think that this line is getting more and more all the time and that's probably a feature that needs to be discussed in Texas about how to deal with that. But nevertheless that's down for the strategy part of it in the future.
Nick Akins: I'd say it's too early to say. At this point, there's nothing public that's been out there. But I'll say that we purposely filed this to where it had a lot of variability, a lot of optionality to it, and certainly consistent with the ongoing existing processes of the integrated resource planning of each one of the areas.And I would say just back alone we've had more -- at least a more positive reception of how to deal with it. And so I would have to say things are going reasonably well at this point. And certainly the parties involved know and understand it because after going through wind catcher this one, you can really talk about what the differences are and the beneficial differences.If they were concerned about transmission don't be concerned about it. If you are concerned about a large area just one area you don't concerned about that either. And if you're concerned about dependency on one area versus no don't worry about that either.So, I think our processes and with the procedural schedules already defined in every jurisdiction, we're rolling along to a summer of getting the approvals and moving ahead.
Nick Akins: So, I really want to see the detail after EEI. But if you looked at the trends for how we've been spending dollars over the last decade or so, the preponderance of it going to all regulated properties and the preponderance of that going to the wire side of the business. So, that trend that you've seen in the past is going to continue in the detail that we're going to release it yet.
Nick Akins: So, that's a good question. We plan every year as we go into the year to pay to contribute to the pensions about equal to our annual service cost. For the last two years, both 2019 and 2018, we sort of had a funding holiday and the decrease in interest rates has pushed down our funding a little bit really into the mid-90s for pensions and still very well over OPEB, but rates can only go down so much more I think. And so, I think we don't have much downside on the pension fund.Again, we'll be watching every year what our funding is going to be for next year. We plan on putting in about $100 million for service -- annual service costs, and we still expect the expense side of that equation to be about zero to maybe a slight positive credit.
Nick Akins: I think Wind Catcher was a unique situation. I mean we obviously looked at it and thought that there's a great opportunity for all of these jurisdictions. But, at the end of the day, there was a large project and one area with a large generation or connect transmission, whatever you want to call it. And you got hanging up on the risk associated with that, particularly with all the customer savings and trying to figure that out and making sure that everyone was comfortable with that kind of project.I still stand by it. It was a great project. There's no question about it. But we learned from that. And I think the more you stick with the regulatory processes that the commissions have had longstanding. I mean we've had other renewable projects that we've done the same exact process with that have gone through in their problem.We want to refashion this thing to make sure it is what everybody expected to see. And when you look at these projects, there's three different wind farms that are involved with that with a lot flexibility on new-in and news-out. And it gives us the ability to not only do that, but also not depend upon additional transmission, so you don't have to focus on that piece of it.And then also for us to be able to look at the project benefits themselves, those benefits are still substantial. So, I would say that -- and of course, the way it worked out in the bidding itself -- I can't talk about this, but we chose those three projects because they were much better than the others that were bid from a pricing perspective, but also all three of them happen to be with a party that we have continually done business with on a regular basis.So, we're very comfortable with the deliverability of that -- of those projects. And, we feel confident that the savings that we've presented in the various commission followings are secured, and we're very happy about that.And then also, part we got hang up a little bit on our own natural gas forecast versus standard natural gas forecast out there. So, even though we thought our forecast was a good one, we decided okay, we're going to just use those standard forecasts for the evaluation, so they buy new that it was coming from an independent party and we wouldn't get into the conversation of your forecast is showing more benefits than another standard forecast. So, we did it from that perspective as well.I think the other big difference too. We did have a lot of outreach to the individual staff and so forth at the various commission levels with Wind Catcher to try to explain what it was about. Well, it's sort of a natural progression for us to be able to move to the outreach programs that we have, because we've already had substantial discussions of the benefits of wind power in general.Now, it's a matter of okay, this is what the RFP process is. This is what the wind power that's available, the attractiveness of the wind power and we're going through the regular process to do it. And that communication has been positive, and we've also communicated with other parties in the process too to let them know what's going on. So, I would say that all-in-all, it's been much better and probably a much more pleasant experience than before.
Nick Akins: It's just unfortunate that we have quarters and years around the annual calendar and stuff like that. But lot of times you're looking at these the dividend side of things and of course it's going to move generally in that 5% to 7%. And it's been no secret that's tagged around the 6% range. And we are committed to stay firmly in the middle of that 60% to 70% payout range.But there's a lot of things to consider. I mean, we got the same questions, when we did 8.1% last year. What does that mean?So we're reiterating that, it will be in line with our 5% to 7% growth rate. But year-to-year you see just things that kind of round off on pennies and that kind of thing. But there should not be any interpretation that our Board feel differently about the prospects of growth of this company in the future.And so, we debated that quite a bit, because we did want to reaffirm this 5% to 7% growth rate. So, don't read anything into it.
Nick Akins: And probably some of these things just sort of have to prove themselves out over time. And we went to 5% to 7% after we sold the unregulated generation we were at 4% to 6% at that point, because we felt like that 5% to 7% was something that we saw going forward for the long-term.It is a long-term growth rate. So, we'll have to see. Obviously, we're seeing some positive outcomes. And we continue to see that. The question is okay, how sustainable is that on a long-term basis going forward, based on what we see today.And we're comfortable with the 5% to 7%. We're getting more comfortable with the upper ranges of 5% to 7%. But, before you change to 6% to 8% or are you asking if I can, you have to be able to credibly see that for the long-term. And that’s something you have to sort of warm over to overtime.
Brian Tierney: And by the way on the contract -- contracted renewables, we continue to do very well in that business. Obviously, it's measured with a $2.2 billion of capital that we've allocated to it. The organization there is doing a wonderful job of being judicious about that. Obviously, the acquisition that we made was very positive, but the development opportunities are significant there. And we have some other opportunities that we continue to work on.So that pipeline can continue as long as we wanted to continue. And to what extent we want to continue. But we're able to make that kind of decision regarding that business, because we also have a huge transmission business and a growing distribution business is huge already, but there's all kinds of opportunities there. So really our big issue is continuing to manage around a strong and robust balance sheet continuing to deploy the capital.
Brian Tierney: You're going to hear more about now achieving excellence program that really is focused on a forward view of where our business needs to go. And our employees are all energized around it, because we have to redefine ourselves going forward.And the outcome of that, obviously, is to be able to deploy more capital, but also to reduce O&M, because you're able to deploy capital and be able to optimize and drive efficiencies through automation digitization and all those kinds of things.And so, for us it's really a focus on changing that business. And the fact that we're coming out with our guidance for 2020 and then the 5% to 7% growth rate, I think, we're comfortable with just doing that because that element of consistency is there and we don't expect it to change. I mean you can sort of do your own math.And typically what we've done is, when we go down over the year we just did the math for you. So just think of it from that perspective. Now the one thing that could change that is the regulated renewables that are not included in the capital plan. So you could have a step change and then continue at 5% to 7%. So that's the kind of thing that we're looking at right now.
Brian Tierney: Greg, the things that's ironic particularly given our situation in Texas is that we are a net investor in Texas. Meaning we're putting debt and equity capital to work in Texas rather than taking it out.So, for us I think they want to see us continue doing what we've been doing now for years which is investing that capital in Texas rather than taking it out and that's what we intend to continue to do.
Brian Tierney: That's a good thing about being well-funded on our pension and OPEB, that gives us a lot of flexibility and there's really no surprises.
Brian Tierney: So, for GAAP taxes, we're anticipating about a 2.6% to 3% effective tax rate for the year, obviously driven down by the amortization of the deferred protected and unprotected taxes. But for 2019, there's also an AMT credit carryforward from prior periods. So that 2.6% to 3% is going to be lower than what we anticipate going forward where we anticipate a rate after the amortization of the deferred taxes to be about 10% going forward.
Brian Tierney: So let me just try to be clear. What's in our $4.25 to $4.45 guidance for 2020 assumes an effective tax rate of about 10%. If you were to layer in incremental, you need to use a 24% rate.
Brian Tierney: Yeah, it's a lot of -- rather than just on the pumping side and pipeline transportation, we're seeing a lot of electric compression.
Brian Tierney: Yeah. I think the other key areas we look at is if we need to deploy capital and reduce O&M because if you think about load in general, I think this is for many utilities but load in general, you can't have the expectation of ever increasing energy demand. You got to really think about efficiency what it means and what it means to the economy.And also if you assume that then the way that you continue to grow from a 5% to 7%, which we've confirmed is not only to deploy capital, but to reduce O&M. So it's a huge -- and that's why we say bending the O&M curve or doing those activities. It's going to be a key component in the future, I would say not for us -- but not just for us but for just about every utility.
Brian Tierney: Yes, we would and I think one of the big processes we have going forward will be around optimization of our balance sheet and capital rotation and capital management and asset management goes with that. Obviously it would be a great opportunity to get the wind power resources and we'll be looking at all kinds of methods to be able to fund that investment.
Brian Tierney: Yeah. We're trying to keep it right in the middle of the payout range and that's what we do. This year -- you put last year and this year together, it's above the midpoint of our long-term growth rate for earnings. And I think the Board is trying to reward investors by keeping it right in the midpoint of that 60% to 70% stated payout ratio.
Brian Tierney: We're just -- we're going to refresh at EEI, Ali. But Nick always says we'd be disappointed if we weren't in the upper end of the range. And I think that's going to be true, for 2019 and 2020.
Michael Lapides: We got to get a quarter back healthy before we play out -- scare the heck out again. A couple of things. One interest rates, obviously, are way down especially the long end of the curve. Just curious how you're thinking about what this means for not just pension expenses that flow through the income statement, but also pension contributions.
Michael Lapides: Meaning, if I think about 2020 tax rate and 2021, you're using about 10% for guidance for those years.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Understood. So the -- it have to be a lot of incremental to move the needle on the weighted average.
