Joe Hamrock: Sure, Bob, glad to. I will speak to the Midwest, which is the Ohio companies as well as Indiana Michigan, Appalachian Power, Kentucky Power. And the economy, as is the case on the national stage is front and center, both in the political dimension and in the business community and across the states that we have served; we serve in Ohio 63 and Ohio's 88 Counties. And the story is very mixed. What we have seen is, in terms of economic output, 2010 so far has actually been pretty good, mid single digit increases in economic output across the Midwest territories, though unemployment continues to linger at levels that we saw last year at the depth of the recession. So, so far a bit of a jobless recovery. There are certain sectors that really started to show signs of life, and that's been encouraging across all of the territory. What that's translated to for AEP East, the Eastern Companies this year is about a one percent normalized low growth over 2009 led by the industrial sector. Just over 4% growth in the industrial sector across the boards with some notable sectors inside the industrial class really leading the way. Primary metals in particular, we have seen about an 18 % increase over 2009 levels in the East Companies. We have certainly seen some fallout. Some of the plants haven't come back from the recession, but those who have, have come back strong. We have seen really strong results in that sector. Right behind that, plastics and transportation at about an 11 % growth rate in load so far this year. And from there, other sectors, mining in particular, in Appalachian Power, Charles has certainly seen some activity in APCO with the mining industry picking back up and a lot of new load emerging there. It's not just recovery, but it's actually growth in that sector. So we have seen now industrial lead the way. As Mike said earlier, commercial and residential still relatively flat on a normalized basis in the East, consumer confidence and the industrial confidence, that's one of the key differences. We've spent a lot of time talking to our major costumers. And while the production levels are up and load is up, the confidence in visibility hasn't yet returned to the levels we saw a couple of years ago. And most importantly, I think one of the key roles that each of us play is in the sphere of economic development. We spend a lot of time working with our major customers, both on retention and attraction of new investment, new jobs and for us the new load that comes along with that. In Ohio in particular, under the new law we have got the opportunity for 10-year contracts or a multi-year contracts. And we know from experience that even in this market environment that we have in Ohio, the capital-intense, energy-intense industrials are looking for more certainty than the market provides. So the opportunity for longer term structured deals that we can do under the new law, and certainly that the other operating companies have some opportunities to do as well has been a real opportunity for us and something that we have got a lot of activity in that area.
Joe Hamrock: Well, we continue to adapt in Ohio to a dynamic regulatory environment and a dynamic market environment, and we really are between the two, the way the business model works in Ohio. In terms of adapting, one of the things that we're doing, Mike referenced it earlier, is we filed yesterday with the PUCO to merge the two Ohio companies, something that's been long in the making. I've been with the Ohio companies for a fair portion of my 25-year career. And the Ohio Power and Columbus Southern entities have been operated as one for nearly two decades now. CSP was acquired by AEP back in 1980. And so we've come a long way in terms of capturing the synergies that go with combined operations. We're now at that point where it makes sense to merge the entities, merge Columbus Southern into Ohio Power. That helps us position for an increasingly dynamic marketplace and the new regulatory environment that we face in Ohio as a result of Senate Bill 221 a couple of years ago. Beyond that, as you referenced, Bob, the ESP, the SEET proceeding is right in front of us. The hearing for the Columbus Southern, Ohio Power SEET is next week. We feel that we've put together a very solid methodology, very solid results. And the Commission has a wide latitude in terms of how to apply this new instrument. We're confident that the Commission recognizes that the need for capital investment in this uniquely risky environment that we have in Ohio should bring with it the opportunity for the kinds of returns that we've seen with Columbus Southern Power in the past year. It's certainly not something that we expect to lock in over time, but the opportunity to earn at those levels is commensurate with the risk we face, particularly the market risk that we face in Ohio and the opportunity for customers to migrate to other providers. In terms of the ESP, you will see from the Ohio Company's new ESP filing by the end of the year and it will reflect the dynamics that I referred to and in particular the market environment. We have in our current ESP some legacy rate designs, rates that don't necessarily reflect the way the market would structure rates. We expect to show a much more comprehensive market-based rate design in the ESP and an opportunity to be at a much better competitive posture given the market dynamics that we'd see in the coming couple of years. While the merger itself won't affect rates for the Columbus Southern and Ohio Power Company customers, we do expect in future filings including the upcoming ESP to start to move toward a combined set of rates and programs for customers, and it will position us well for the coming environment.
Joe Hamrock: Customers have long had choice in Ohio since Senate Bill 3 passed nearly a decade ago. It actually passed more than a decade ago, but customers have had the opportunity for choice. And up until about the midpoint of this year, we saw very little switching rates in the Ohio companies. Our rates have been low historically, and we saw market prices that were well above the tariff rates that we presented. Of course, we all know that's changed this year. We saw low rates switching through mid-year. That started to tick up here in the last quarter, but still very low rates. We're at about 2% of our customers migrating away through September, just less than 5% of the load having switched at this point. And we've got projections in for next year that show some increase in that. But one of the things that our team has done is our customers nearly always reach out to our team. Many of my colleagues have talked about the relationships that we have. And customers when presented with these options and these opportunities to switch always come to us and ask how should I evaluate this. And we want them to do that in the most informed way possible. That includes a look forward. Many of the opportunities that they see today are for prices that will lock them in for two-and-a-half up to three years in some cases. And the rate that we have in place expires at the end of next year. So we encourage them to make sure they make an informed decision that they look at all of the options that they have, including the tariffs that CSP and OP provide. And so we're proactively reaching out to customers, making sure that they are making informed decisions. We think that will help with switching that will be very rational in the near term. It will allow us to position more competitively in the longer term with those customers.
Venita McCellon-Allen: Well, with SWEPCO I have the opportunity to serve three of the four Western footprint states. So I take the opportunity really distinct from PSO as well. And we are fortunate in that we find that we go into the recession a bit lighter and come out a bit earlier. And we didn't go in quite as deep, and we are having a bit more of a balance in our industrial sector. For SWEPCO specifically, our load is at 10% year-on-year compared to 2009, led by our industrial sector. And I think we can attribute that much to the Haynesville Shale and much of the shale play that's going on in our area. That's a significantly important gas area, both in Stuart's PSO area in AEP Texas and also in SWEPCO. For example, SWEPCO's biggest customer is US Steel. In the recession, it was shut down. Yet now, it is back in full production. This is a tubular steel production and it provides tubular steel for the Haynesville share market and its back at full production full roar, and we are very excited to hear that. And we have some of the same things, residential flats, customers' kiosks flat. commercial still rocking along, not quite as where we'd like to see it, but we are really excited about the industrial growth we're seeing. We are hoping that the others will follow along very quickly.
Venita McCellon-Allen: I'm taking no small pride in Mike's comments that Texas has given feedback to the EPA and not that I paid personal responsibility for that, because it's been certainly a team effort. But that's partly because the industry led by AEP has been in the office with regulators, in the office with the TCEQ, using that relationship to help them understand the effect these regulations are going to have on shareholders, on regulations, on the industry, on reliability. And that helps funnel that perspective back to Washington.
Venita McCellon-Allen: Well, Paul in the team did all the heavylifting on the right case, as I inherit the good rate to come with that and the good returns. So I have to give him credit for that. And as many of you know, those rate cases that were filed in Arkansas and Texas and annually in Louisiana thorough a formula-based rate are the first rate cases that were filed in SWEPCO in 25 years. And so we had the big obligation coming of bringing both Stall fully and Turk into the rate base by 2013 or so. And we are very much focused on the headroom that we need to get that work done, and we're optimistic that we do have that headroom available. Now are we cavalier about it? No, we're not, because a rate increase is a rate increase and it's difficult no matter what it is. Our rates are some of the lowest in our area. In fact, they are the lowest in all of our areas with the exception of OG&E and Arkansas who has a case pending. And so we believe they will pass us if their cases are judicative. And so we have the lowest rate, but customers don't care that their rates are not as low as a neighboring utility. They only care that their rate is higher than it was last month. And so we have to be very cautious, very careful about how we position rate cases, how well we communicate, how we sow that field, something that we talk about a lot, and use that headroom wisely so that we do get Turk into the rate base, a big, big investment for SWEPCO and something that we take a big responsibility for on behalf of the shareholders in making sure that we do that with as minimum of regulatory lag as possible.
Venita McCellon-Allen: Now, we have to be strategic about it. We've got to be careful not to pancake too many cases, but to be thoughtful about how we do it. And we do believe that there's room to get Turk into the rate base, which is something we are all focused on. Even Paul Chodak at I&M is focused on that.
Venita McCellon-Allen: Well, if you look at the big picture, I actually believe it's gone well. So our big picture goals are to gain our required regulatory approval, start construction of the plant and continue construction of the plant without interruption. We're doing quite well, that's exactly what we've done. We've gained all the required regulatory approvals which started construction in November of 2008 and we have been busy constructing the plant. On total construction basis, we are about 44% complete on compliant on the plant. And we're building a power plant, and it's a beautiful plant. You are going to be very proud of it on behalf of shareholders when you see it. Now all of this noise that's coming from the interveners and the opponents is a lot of noise. And so certainly, it's a challenge. It's something that we live with every day and we vigorously defend the reputation of the company; we defend the plant against every day. I'll certainly be glad to answer more specific questions about that. But I will tell you, we are focused on continuing construction of the plant, and we are being successful in doing that.
Bob Powers: I appreciate that. I'm hearing that the industrials are coming back pretty strongly. We got to keep our eye on Commercial and that seems to be the case both East and West.
Bob Powers: Thanks, Stuart. And operating company results can be turned around. So let's get into some APCo specific questions. And, Charles, we'll put you in the hot seat. In 2009, APCo's ROE was about 7%. You received an order in Virginia for a base rate case, and you filed in West Virginia for a base rate case. What do you see is the prospects for turning 7% ROE into something that's in the double digits.
Bob Powers: Venita, a couple of questions for you in SWEPCO. Between you and Paul over the last couple of years, you successfully found rate cases in Arkansas, Louisiana and Texas. What's your assessment on the potential conflict between obligation to file those rate cases, invest that capital and ratepayer fatigue for rate increases. Where are the opportunities in SWEPCO.
Bob Powers: Thanks, Joe, and thanks team. We're going to wrap it up at this point, so we can get on to other parts of the agenda. But I do want to reemphasize that there are many, many factors that influence circumstance and strategic response. But we see this battle being won locally. And we prepared ourselves to win that battle locally. And I hope I'm meeting the Operating Company President, you get a sense of their capability, their capacity to deal with this circumstance, and their enthusiasm to deal with this circumstance. They've been looking forward to this responsibility, and they relish the opportunity around their operating company's as a P&L. And I know they're going to do just very, very well. From that we're going to get efficient use of our capital. We're going to minimize regulatory lag, and we're going to make sure that AEP strategy is closely aligned to what our regulators and legislatures, and our operating company's believe is important for their regions as well. So it's going to be a good deal. With that we have the pleasant opportunity to turn the agenda over to Nick Akins, who will talk to us about the challenges coming out of Washington with the generation fleet.
Bob Powers: Well, there's a move for Democrats in the House from coal country to suggest that EPA is the same thing that the state of Texas has suggested. To Venita's point, we were movers behind that activity in Texas; we're movers behind the activity in the House. So it's a congressman from Virginia, a congressman from Ohio and a congressman from West Virginia, all on the Democratic side who will bring forward some application for our friends at the EPA to look at a consolidated study of the aggregate impact of what they're doing. And I think there'll be pretty good legs for that kind of legislation going forward. I am sure the new Republicans, no matter how many they are, will be eager to have that kind of an activity. Again, understand what we're trying to do; we're trying to put rationality in this. We've are not, just say no to utility, although we may have been in the past. That's not where we are in the future. Where we are in the future is, let's make the air better, let's make the capital investments better, let's keep (king) coal and play. And most importantly, let's keep these massive capital investments that we've made on behalf of our customers viable for the near term, mid term and long term. And we just think that'll happen.
Bob Powers: As you know, it is a pretty strong dividend re-investment program. It yields $150 plus million a year. A lot of smart shareholders see the benefit of just rolling over and staying in the stack.
Paul Chodak: Well, we're real excited about it. Each of the seven operating companies really are local businesses. Our folks live in the communities that we serve. They raise their families in the communities that we serve. And that really provides us a great opportunity to have insight into those communities. And as we look at the challenges that Nick will talk about coming our way and changing the industry, there's absolutely no shortage of opportunities for investing capital in our companies. The challenge is to figure out where is the best place to put those investments in. And as we work on maintaining our balance sheet discipline and making sure that our capital spend is in line with our cash flows, the Transco situation that Susan is going to talk about, formation of Transcos will help with that where we're still going to have a real key issue around prioritizing capital spend. The local operating company model will provide us the real flexibility that we need to sit down and talk to the regulators, to talk to our politicians and to listen to our customers and figure out what is it that they want. There are many opportunities around renewables, around gridSMART, around technology, how do people feel about coal, nuclear, gas, where would they like to see those investments made. And because we'll be able to have those conversations and have the flexibility to adjust our investment strategy, we'll be able to pick those investments that the regulators really support, that the politicians really support on a local level, which will enhance our ability to get a fair return for our shareholders. I mean the bottomline is that now we have the ball, and it's our job to carry it over the line with each and every project that we do. And I can tell you over the last three months since I'd come to I&M, I've had the opportunity to go out and travel to our service centers, travel to our plants and talk to the folks at I&M and really explain to them and talk to them bit about the ability to make decisions on a local level and also the accountability for making sure that we will put in that capital to good use to serve our customers and earning a fair return for our shareholders. And I can tell you the folks that are on the field are just very enthusiastic about this.
Paul Chodak: And you know, Venita, kind of reminds me thinking about it. When we look at where our rates are, we are in a similar position in both Indiana and in Michigan, and we've got to somehow help people understand the value that we bring to them. When we went for the rate case in Texas, there were challenges; it was a pretty small rate increase on an absolute basis. But you got to help people understand that the (NFL) package that they are paying $50 a month for, that electricity actually brings more value. And when you go out there and talk to our employees, there really are ambassadors in the in communities. For example, in Indiana Michigan Power, we've got 2500 employees that are at the Softball games. They're standing at the outside Church on Sunday. And they have the opportunity to reach out and talk to our customers. And as part of this operating company model, providing that identity to folks to go out there and really talk to our customers and help them explain the value of electricity is really going to help us.
Paul Chodak: Well, Cook just absolutely continues to be a shining star in the Indiana Michigan portfolio. Their performance is nothing short of outstanding. As we look forward, we'll be replacing the road around the Unit 1 outage in fall of 2011. And beyond that we'll be making investments in the plant to make sure that we take advantage of our 20-year license extension that we recently received for both Cook units. So we'll make those investments. And we continue to look at the potential for an upgrade. And as I talked about earlier, we actually have no shortage of opportunities to put to work at Indiana, Michigan, and across the operating companies. So what we'll need to do is, is really put that Cook upgrade and take that capital investment and kind of put it in the stack and see where does it fall out in terms of going to work for customers and really building a return for shareholders.
Mike Morris: If we can turn to slide 33, pretty simple, pretty straight forward, we are pretty excited about where we are. We are pretty excited about where we have been. I think you I had enough exposure to this growth, and I think you all know that many of them have held many jobs during extended periods of time which gives me some comfort. And I hope you some comfort that this is a well seasoned team. We have been through a lot together, with a great deal of success and we are ready for what comes our way. Setting a target of three and a quarter for 2012 is where many of you already are, some a little higher, some a little lower, I think you know from our history we don't talk about things that we don't think are accomplishable. So we feel comfortable about the future. This is a tremendous time to be in this industry. And American Electric Power continue to lead and effect the outside impacts that we feel as we go forward. So with that, let's get started with questions and answers.
Mike Morris: Because, I am as old as I am, I'll go from the back first. The concept on merging the two is positive and what we think too. We have been running under a single company. This we think is just a better way over time to blend together the rate structure so that has a constructive impact on the potential shopping. Not enough to make it as though it would seem to dampen shopping; And that we think is important for the regulars because I am sure the commission as they share with you yesterday, they are pretty pleased with what they've created. Today's market maybe an anomaly and may not be, it may be a longer term play. Equally important, bringing the two companies together we think gives us the opportunity to address the SEET clearly in the tail end. I think 2009, as I have told you a million times will work out just fine. 2010 will be an open issue. We'll find an answer for 2010 as the year unfolds in early '11 and we're reviewing the performance of the oil companies. By the 2011, 2012 review of 2011 there will be a moot point, because blending the companies together give returns on equity and that will fall well within the guidelines and the guidance's. So we see a couple of plusses. And right now, it's just we've met with the customers; we've met with everybody you can meet with. There is no push back whatsoever. The time is right to do that. So that's the logic behind that one. GDP growth is slightly above consensus for national averages in the west part of our system and slightly below consensus for national average in the east part of our system as is unemployment. So unemployment drives a little bit higher in the east part of our system than it does in the west. And so, we're about moderately above GDP in the west, and moderately below in the east part of our system. It's like 2% give or take. So in the east, it's a little less than that and in the west a little stronger than that. And we don't think that's outside of what you're seeing the general macroeconomic focus. In Appalachian Power, Charles and I and the Appalachian Power team had an opportunity to meet with Governor McDonald and his team last week. I would argue at the executive level the pressure on Appalachian Power Virginia is off. We are clearly in a political seasonary, you'll continue to hear one of the House of Delegates who wants to become a stronger player in the politics banging on us, but I think the Governor's team and our team are working together very closely. West Virginia rate case moving along fine, we don't see any lumps. Remember the logic behind Charles Patton going up there. He came from Houston Lighting & Power a lot of years of success and then came over with AEP to do our lobbying in Austin and did well at that. AEP Texas had the largest rate increase that central southwest operating companies had ever experienced in the State of Texas because before he did the rate case, he met with everybody in the world that could have a meeting and explained to them exactly what they were doing, exactly why they were doing it, and set a standard for how you do rate cases, already underway at the encouragement of the Governor of Virginia doing the same thing. We've been out to every Kiwanis Club and every Chamber that you can talk to trying to let them understand, these are rate increases, most of them driven by environment rules out of Washington, which support the coal miners in the very region where we do business. Yes, we know you don't like rate increases, but they also have a lot to do with your jobs in these regions, and I think you'll see some pressure come off of that, although will be a bit of political fodder as we go. That should allow for the returns on equity, Appalachian Power to get better in line. What you see at AEP consolidated for Bob's Utility Group is an overall 10%+ return on the overall consolidated equity invested in Utilities. Some days some are plus to double-digits, some days single-digits. As Stuart said, it took him three or four years to stairstep his up; SWEPCO has stairstepped up from a number of cases that we've gone through. So any point in time that any operating company should not overwhelm you, it's I think Nick made it when he said, it's the magnitude and the scale of AEP. I don't like customers switching in Ohio, but $0.07 hit based on what we'll do with our own retail operation and other things that we'll do in 2011 as we look at the challenges in front of us. We can tolerate those kinds of things and serve the portfolio what we have.
Mike Morris: I think other than the system agreement issue as a structural concern, I think that other big concern in 12 more than 11 as it pertains to a 325 aspiration is how the ESP negotiations will unfold. And at a high level, investors look at where market prices (propel), they look at where your rates are, they see some of your customers switching. It sounds like you need rates to go up in Ohio, and yet it seems to me that the pressure would be down. So how do you marginize your needs with sort of the minutia of how this process is going to go forward, that there is a mutually beneficial solution for customers. So don't forget the major reason you see customers shipping is that the price to beat if you will is the G rate price. So there is maybe some tightening in the (G rate) that we'll see, but you can make capital investments in the Transco as Susan had already mentioned. And you can also see some serious capital that has been invested in AEP Ohio on the Distribution side with the Smart Grid program, and others will continue to make those investments. So going in with the belief that rates go down in the ESP to avoid shopping is probably a concept that won't materialize in what we file. And what we file will ultimately I think yield itself to a settlement over time. And so you won't see the same kinds of increases you may have seen in the last couple of years for that shopping piece on the G rate. But you'll see some increases without question in the t and the d and other activities that go into an overall ESP filing.
Mike Morris: Senator Rockefeller's two-year slowdown on carbon was passable before they all went home. Senator Reid chose not to bring it up because he knew it was passable. And he's made a promise to Senator Rockefeller to come up in the Lame Duck Session. That may or may not happen. It will certainly happen early next year when the whole process gets slowed down for some period of time. But just slowing it down doesn't stop those implementations as well as other activities that are going on, clearly under the current purview of the clea Iraq. And so again, its difficult for me to say exactly what years they'll come to play and when the capital will need to be invested and how then that'll roll through the rate play. What we try to show you in the long term post 2014 is, we think that's when those investments will have matured as far as impacts on the earnings strength of the company going forward. As you know, we actually made some investments based on our NSR settlement. We've made some investments based on what we thought the care and camera rules were back when they were the law of the land, and obviously a law that was reversed. So in some jurisdictions, remember where we're making these capital investments. We're making them in Applachian cold country. Its cold jobs, it property taxes for power plants that don't get shut down. There's a lot of benefits that the economies of the states were making those investments. And frequently, when there's headroom in the rates, and Lord knows, you heard that from the operating company folks. We'll go forward and make some of those investments, because we'll be encouraged to do that to get ahead of the cycle. Remember, when you look at the retrofitting for SOx or NOx under the Clear Air Act as it stands today, we did a lot of that stuff at 250, 300 kW. Folks who are doing it now and still catching up are 500, 600 kW. So, we'll be an early mover when we can, as long as the regulator understands why we're doing it and sees the benefit of what we're doing in that process.
Mike Morris: Well, those are questions that I can't answer other than the one about our interest level is very low. As you heard Nick say, our next best option is finishing the Dresden station, and we're taking a hard look at that four our 2011 cycle. That's a combined cycle plant. If you think about $4 gas and 6,000 heat rate, that's going to be a pretty nice plant that will run well. We see our gas plants in the Eastern footprint being called on a lot more than coal. So I'll let Jim explain to you the value proposition that he thinks that he has. But there's a lot of smart money buying generation facilities in this country today. So I'm sure if he puts it up for auction, there'll be some who'll come in to buy it. We'll take a look at them, just to see if there's anything we're missing in any region of the state that we think may make sense, but it would take quite a deal to energize us to get involved in that activity.
Mike Morris: It appears as though a very decent fellow who got dealt a very interesting deck of cards did his best to manage his way through Ohio. There is the potential that Ohioans who are very conservative who have been voting now for about 15 or 16 days may well put Governor Strickland back in the saddle just simply saying he is a really decent fellow who did as much as he could rectify Ohio. But he is hitting a storm of you and your colleagues lost 400,000 jobs during the last four years. I don't think we can tolerate any more of that. So there is high potential that John Kasich who is a very charismatic, very energetic individual may well win that race. Our team has been as bipartisan as you can be in those events. I think John Kasich would be a great governor if that's the way it turns out. And for us, it will work out well no matter how what happens. Utilities aren't top of the list. There are other issues that are very much top of the list issues for people in Ohio, most importantly jobs. Who is a better economic developer than the utility? So you may have seen a couple of weeks ago, we announced a contract to take the commitment for our solar requirements if and only if the solar manufacturing facility is built in Ohio, bringing in 600 jobs. That goes back to the point that was raised back who gets a lot of upward pressure, things like renewables. We're only going to do that inside of an envelop that makes sense. Again, if you look at the gigawatt-hours that AEP Ohio sells, buying a few gigawatt-hours of solar is not going to move the needle a great deal. We feel comfortable with the way the politics will unfold. It looks quite likely that we'll have Senator Voinovich, a very staunch Republican, replaced by Portman, a very staunch Republican. Sherrod Brown is a very dear friend of Susan's and mine and other members of our management team. I think we're in great shape politically in Ohio. I am not concerned about it at all. You can imagine if in fact we go forward with the Dresden plant, it will be 700 or 800 jobs early on, people swamping around at that station in Ohio. There'll be a lot of happy politicians to see more people working. So utilities and executive officers need to find a way to get along, and they will find a way to get along. That's one of the things that's essential for how we do our business.
Mike Morris: So again, that's more granularity than we're really prepared to share. I can assure you that we think shopping will go on. When we look at the 2014 and beyond, the cost of the energy in the marketplace, we expect it will begin to drift up, not continue to drift down. If you're a shale producer and you've already spent your money, you're happy to put fuel in the market at what it brings today. But there is a time when you pause and you say, "Hey look at these $4 rates, I'm just not coming." When you start getting north of $4, our coal plants kick back in. That pushes the market price throughout the whole area up some as shale gas prices increase that reduces the shopping potential. If you blend those two companies together and over time you blend their rate structures together, that puts downward pressure on the cost at the Columbus Southern commercial marketplace, and I think you'll see some positive effects of that. As far as heat is concerned, we see it as a zero earnings impact issue. And eventually, again blending the companies together, SEET is a yesterday challenge rather than a today challenge. I'd like to thank the team for being as prepared as they were. Chuck, you, and the IR group deserve a great deal of credit. Third quarter has been outstanding. We think it makes for a very strong 2010. We're comfortable about our 2011 forecast, 2012 and beyond. We couldn't be more bullish about the potential upside for investing in American Electric Power. And you'll make your own decisions in that regard. Thanks for being here with us.
Brian Tierney: 620 is maturities. We're going to take advantage of some additional low rates that we have available to us today to have some incremental redemptions and then we are going to issue some new debt as well.
Brian Tierney: All debt, with the exception of the dividend reinvestment program which is going to continue to contribute about $150 million here.
Brian Tierney: Well, I think as you looked at the 5% to7% earnings cycle that we spoke to in the 2012 and beyond or the 2014 to beyond cycle, it's the basic business itself. the U.S economy recovering, associated with the capital investment ultimately yielding share price returns on the transmission play. Plus, the environmental investments that will be made on the fleet that Nick broke down for you in a pretty granular way. So it will be that kind of a timeline before, A) You can physically get the work done, and B) You can incorporate it into some type of a rate adjustment mechanism going forward. So that's when you'll start to see those impacts as you go forward.
Brian Tierney: It all depends how crazy our friends in Washington are. I know you know this; I know you all know this. There is no more technically confident generation coal fleet utility in the country, no offence to my friend, my good friend David Ratcliffe, and we'll deploy all the technology we can as cost-effectively as we can. And we are going to continue to run those plants no matter what the environmental requirements become. And as you know, under Utility law, anything that you are doing to comply with Federal Legislation is recoverable at the state level. It may take time, and that's why we think it'll be more like the 2014 period and beyond. But it would be difficult for me to tell you. We think that's $1 billion on retrofitting or $800 million on retrofitting because I don't know what they'll do with mercury, I really don't know what they'll do with coal ash, I don't know what they'll do with the transport rule. The way they stand today, they're illogical and they cannot sustain the way that they've been put forward in preliminary activities that we've all commented on.
Brian Tierney: The '09-'10 driver, a lot of that was driven by the one-time severance payments that we made of about $300 million, and there's also some incremental deferred fuel, as well it's a contributor to that. And we're obviously not anticipating severance-type payments next year as well and anticipate being about cash flow neutral for next year. So, two things '09 to '10, the incremental pension costs of $350 million, the severance payments of about $300 million, that's '09 to '10, and then next year we're anticipating not having those clearly and being about cash flow neutral for the year.
Brian Tierney: Certainly through the 2014 period we have no plans to issue any equity. Certainly consistent with the CapEx and growth rates that we described. You know, I think when you start to look out towards the latter part of the decade, if this Transmission business takes off, other opportunities for us to either access the equity market, do a partial spin of that business which is how we have organized it as a Transmission holding company, or access other forms of capital to bring it in to drive that growth, that would be a story that we'd come out, we'd talk to you about, you'd hear about, and you'd understand why we would be accessing that incremental equity, what our plans with it were and how it fit into the growth story of the company. But certainly in the period 2012, 2011 to 2014 we have no plans to issue equity and believe that the CapEx and growth that we have described can be funded with incremental debt and with the dividend re-investment program that we have.
Brian Tierney: I think it would be silly for us to tell you how much load we think we are going to lose, so we won't do that. But rest assured, we have built the impact of what we think the market prices are, our competitive position in Ohio, particularly the Columbus Southern and any impacts that that will have when we talk about being in the range that we gave you for 2011 on the earnings profile of $3 a share to $3.20 a share. We've baked all of that in. And as you might imagine we have been aggressive about the potential impact. And I think that tells you directionally about as much as we would like to share on that. I don't want to energize any of my competitors.
