Brian Tierney: It was priced at $82.98, and the company gets the benefit of the first 20% of upside, so to almost $100 per share, and we’re locked in on the downside from that price.
Brian Tierney: A couple things there, Praful. We don’t have any direct credit exposure to the California utilities on those. Most of those are direct third party consumers of that electricity, so we don’t have that exposure that others do. In regards to the investment in the renewables portfolio, we had talked about a five-year spend of about $2.2 billion with certain projects, including the renewables portfolio from Sempra. We’ve spent about $1.5 billion of that commitment, so we have roughly $700 million left, and we’re looking at opportunities as they become available. We feel the Sempra transaction was at a very good value to the company considering both the existing projects and the developmental projects, and we were able--by making that acquisition early in the five-year period, we were able to solidify and de-risk that $2.2 billion forecast of spend. We’re on our way to meeting the $2.2 billion commitment, and we’re evaluating development projects with the portfolio and looking at other opportunities as well. 
Brian Tierney: Yes, so Julien, I’m going to ask Chuck Zebula, who runs that business and who you know, to address those questions.
Brian Tierney: That’s right, Ali. I think the way Nick has phrased it before is this management team will be very disappointed if we’re not in the upper end of that range.
Brian Tierney: The regulated RFPs that we’ve issued in the market are for up to 2,200 megawatts, and the reason that that’s the number is that’s consistent with what our IRPs in those jurisdictions would call for, for renewables, so a significant amount not dissimilar to what we were talking about in terms of generation with Wind Catcher. 
Brian Tierney: Ali, to your point, that is--those plans are not in our capital and funding plans today, but we’ll adjust those plans as we go forward and we firm up how much it is we’re talking about and confirm that the timing is at the end of 2021. 
Brian Tierney: No, we see our ability to continue to grow investment in that space for the foreseeable future. One of the things when you have the largest transmission system in the country, you have the largest aging transmission system in the country, so there’s significant opportunity for us to continue to invest in our own assets, and then there’s also significant developments that we need to do on cyber and security and other efforts, where we’re just beginning to see the front end of that significant increase in spend.
Brian Tierney: Christopher, Chuck and his team have been very selective in the assets that they’ve looked at, looking for high quality contracted assets with credit-worthy counterparties, so they’d been looking at that really on a project by project basis until this opportunity came along. What this opportunity brought with it was a lot of wind, some battery, contracted with high quality counterparties, but it also brought a team with it, and that team is something that we didn’t organically have from a development standpoint. So we got not just a team, but also development projects in the pipeline that we wouldn’t have had otherwise, so whether they’re repowering or the new project that Chuck talked about with the municipal, it takes our business really to the next level. Not to say we’re going to be the next NextEra, because I don’t think that’s our aspiration, but it firms up and de-risks our ability to put that $2.2 billion to work, like we talked about.  I think with Chuck’s existing commercial team, their conservative approach to making sure that we get high quality assets combined with the new development team that we get from Sempra, I think we have a pretty strong organization to go forward and execute against the strategic plans that we’ve laid out.
Brian Tierney: As we talk about this year, we believe we’re on track to be inside that $4 to $4.20 range, which puts us in the mid-part of that range I think as we execute against some of these things, it’s going to take time for them to cumulatively push us to the higher end of that range, so I’d say no change on this year, and as we look forward to future years as we execute both regulated and some of these competitive opportunities, I think that’s when we’ll be expecting to be in the upper end of that range.
Brian Tierney: Paul, it was a number of things. It was--2016 was the year that we had the global settlement in Ohio and there was some risk as to whether or not issues that were included in the global settlement would be included in the calculation of seat for that year. We believed they should have been excluded and that’s the basis on which we filed our 2016 seat. We had a unanimous settlement saying that there was no significantly excess earnings in 2016 and did not get an order on that until this year. When we looked at that, we had significant risk around that, were uncomfortable at that point given the risks that existed in taking that to income, made the reserve at the time, and now with the positive order on the settlement are able to reverse that.
Brian Tierney: I want to be clear about that. It’s included in GAAP earnings and we’ve included it in ongoing earnings, but it’s an item that will not repeat next year.
Brian Tierney: Yes, so we think if there’s a full package where all of Ohio customers can benefit, then it’s a worthy effort. If it’s just a bailout for one company or another, it’s not as beneficial to all Ohio customers, so there needs to be a full package of things that get addressed, and energy efficiency, the renewable portfolio standard, ability of utilities to invest in renewables going forward are all important things that need to be in the bill, and if they’re not, it’s not as beneficial for ratepayers in the state.
Brian Tierney: We’re trying to look up what those sensitivities are right now. We think that we’re on track to get where we need to be for the year, even though we’re slightly off for the first quarter. Again, we make more from places where we sell integrated utility products than just the T&D side, but for changes--you know, 5% change in res--I’m sorry, half a percent change in residential is half a penny for T&D utilities. For vertically integrated utilities, it’s 1.4%. Commercial again is about half that, half a percent change; for vertically integrated utilities, it is seven-tenths of a penny. For T&D utilities, it’s a tenth of a penny, and for industrial sales half a percent change is the same as it is for commercial, seven-tenths of a penny for vertically integrated and a tenth of a penny for T&D utilities.
Brian Tierney: There’s a couple things going on there, Michael. One is the fact that we are investing so much in the state that even with those very timely recoveries, we just can’t keep up with the amount of capital that we’re putting to work in the state. Second thing is as we go in for the base rate case this year, we need to suspend those short term trackers for the near term until we get everything caught up in the base rate case, and then we can put those trackers back in the space. That is going to cause a little bit of lag this year and next year as well. 
Brian Tierney: What this means for us is that Oklahoma is open for business again, so we had previously, when we were under that prolonged period of under-earning at PSO, we had shifted capital to more welcoming jurisdictions that allowed us to have higher ROEs and that had trackers. Now that we have appropriate trackers in Public Service of Oklahoma, we’re going to shift capital that had been shifted away from Oklahoma back into the state and have that benefit the ratepayers and customers in that state. It’s not so much a huge increase, although it is, but we’re shifting dollars back in that had been shifted out, and that’s positive for PSO.
Brian Tierney: Yes, we would expect a debt equivalency on those as well. If our utilities balance sheets are being consumed to support PPAs, we need to be compensated for that, and the rating agencies ding us for those and we need to make sure that we’re filling in the gap that we’re getting dinged for by entering into those PPAs. We think debt equivalency is appropriate really on all renewable PPAs that we don’t own.
Brian Tierney: There’s a couple things going on. In addition to the Sempra acquisition, there are also some financing costs associated with that, so we do expect gen and marketing to be ahead a couple pennies, we expect corporate and other to be a drag as we finance that. Our AEP transmission holdco, while improving, is not going to be as strong as what we thought it was going to be when we provided guidance due to some tracking items on O&M and due to our inability to get everything into the capital base that we thought we would be the end of last year. So like any year, there are things that are positive, there are things that are negative as we work our way through the year, and we still anticipate being in the midpoint of the guidance range.
Brian Tierney: Yes, that’s what the RFP asked for - build, operate, transfer two PSO and Swepco projects, and that’s largely how people responded, and we would anticipate owning them and that’s how we’ll file with the commissions in July.
Brian Tierney: No Greg, it will be accretive in ’19, it will be accretive going forward. Remember the financing was larger than what was needed just for that one project, but it’s an accretive project in the current period and in forward periods, inclusive of financing costs.
