Michael Morris: We'll surely try to crack something like that, Greg, to give you guys at least some directional view. The offsetting positive effects, as you already mentioned, showing where we are with off-system sales with just 2 quarters moving into what, as you know, is usually the most productive quarter. We feel very, very comfortable about where we are. And as you know, inside of the ESP, there are some great design issues, as they pertain to the commercial rate class, which is the high-impact class at Columbus Southern, we expect will get resolved. And so going forward, some of the off-system benefits will continue to be there and some of the on-system switching might slow down a bit, but we'll try to give you a better picture of that so you can get a feel for it. But rest assured, we feel extremely comfortable of where we are. We're capturing about 25% of our own market share and that ascends to AEP retail having success. And the other areas, both FE -- all 3, really, FE, Dayton and Cincinnati. So switching in Ohio was interesting. I think we've reacted to it in a constructive way and the impact on it, although, more than we had expected, has been very tolerable.
Michael Morris: Well, like everybody else, we'll continue to push for a delay, because there's just no way in the world you can make a rule final in November of 2011 and expect people to comply with it on January 2012. It's as close to lunacy as you can get. But having said that, we'll continue to plan to address those issues. We continue to look at the options that are available to us. Your question on the credit is interesting. We're long in some jurisdictions, short in other jurisdictions. Some of the controlled trading will allow us to address much of it, but maybe not all of it, and we're going about the process of trying to satisfy that shortage as we go. But as you know, in a regulated world, those kinds of activities are recoverable from our customers and is going to have some unfortunate dislocation. When you think about Casper and the timelines, we'll all be able to manage our way through it. If we end up spending a certain amount of money in the regulated footprint, as you know, that will turn into earnings as we go. The really devastating effect though, will be in those communities where plants are prematurely closed, jobs are lost, property tax bases are affected. And in many of those regions, Greg, as you know, we're the only game in town. So when the power plants go, so go the communities. And that is truly the unfortunate impact that no one on the coast cares about, and I understand that, whether it's East or West Coast. But we care a great deal about that in our footprint, we sure do.
Michael Morris: I'd rather give you some accurate data as best we can down the road. Paul, again, I will tell you that it's considerably smaller than the gross margin impact.
Michael Morris: Well, I would hope not. As I mentioned in my opening comments, we continue to have what we think to be constructive dialogues. As you know, and I mentioned this as well, people file testimony to lay out what they think is their most preferred position, frequently knowing that they'll never get there, but nonetheless, they do. And each and every time people do that, it does have an effect on settlement discussions. So -- but I have every reason to believe, based on what we're hearing in the give and take discussions with folks, that these cases lend themselves to settlement and we'll continue to work diligently toward that end.
Michael Morris: Not necessarily. What I tried to say in my comments was just if you see something there that looks draconian, you can react to it as you'd like. But again, that won't be the endgame. And the dialogue with the parties, so staff included, have been constructive. I think we're better than Congress at debt ceilings and cost reductions. But some of the conversations every now and again get a little worrisome, so we'll see what we'll see. I don't think it'll be a crystal-clear path of here is what we think the commission ought to do. It will lay out some of their positions and various issues, some that may be more aggressive than we would like and others that may be more supportive, and the others would've thought the staff would've been. So it's really hard to forecast. I assure you, they're not sharing with us any drafts of what it is they intend to file. We'll get it the same time you get it.
Michael Morris: That's an interesting question, Dan, because the granularity that we provided has allowed us to be on the point and to catch any one of the number of arrows coming our way. Now I will tell you this, we have not had a meeting with anyone in any of the states and/or in Washington, including the EPA, where there wasn't serious thanks for telling us exactly what your picture looks like. You can rest assure that the state level, the governors and the House and Senate members, as well as the local community folks, are eager to see us change the plans. I had an opportunity to speak to about 500 people at the Kentucky chamber, where the Speaker of the House of the State, the Commonwealth of Kentucky, who serves our big sandy areas, stood up and said, "Whatever you do, don't shut big sandy down." Go about whatever it is you need to do, whether you're going to retrofit it, which would be their preference, and/or convert it to gas, and they'll be with us as we go to the PSC in Kentucky to adjust the rates accordingly. I think what we're seeing in our Eastern footprint, for the most part, are state leaders who are suggesting that they do not want to be at the whim of the market, nor do they want to be a net energy importer, because each of those 7 governors have already staked out their jobs and economic development are the plans for their success. So we should -- a great deal of encouragement. I must tell you, I had meetings with the FERC, with the Department of Energy's electricity group, with the EPA, with the various NERC players and the RTOs, the NAIRU folks, everyone is saying thanks for the granularity and the honesty of your data, and we can see what you mean by there may be pockets of reliability impacts. And someone really needs to aggregate all that data so that you can see that going forward and, as you know, the Energy Commerce Committee in the House of Representatives has suggested in the TRAIN Act that, that's exactly what the government does. So this is far from over with. It really is. And again, we are not in any way, shape or form, although I know many NGOs don't agree with us in this regard. We're not trying to change the environment nor affect the environment in a negative way. We're trying to balance the environmental benefit that will come from retrofitting and changing the generation fleet here in the United States with the economy of the United States, which we think is every bit as important.
Michael Morris: Well, you've heard us say this in the first quarter. Well, one of the few things that is, in a constructive sense, their heating bills went down a lot because natural gas prices continued to dampen, compared to what they saw a year ago and the cost of transportation went down some. So I think that they probably were turning on some of the lights that they had turned off in the first quarter.
Michael Morris: Well, that is not a net number. That's the actual impact of those who have chosen other suppliers. As you might imagine, the retail margins on sales from AEP retail are less than the margin you'd see, had those customers stayed on the system. Brian, where exactly...
Michael Morris: And I think it's almost inconceivable to imagine that the entirety of the commercial load at Columbus Southern would move away from us. And as I mentioned before, as you know, inside of ESP, a lot of the activity has to do with the arcane concept known as rate skewing. Our commercial customers typically pay more than the cost to serve them, and in the filings that we made inside the ESP, one of the things that actually is getting some pretty solid support is adjusting that rate skewing to better balance customer bills to customer costs. So there are some self-correcting activities that will go forward in that sense.
Michael Morris: I think that's an important point, Michael, that Brian makes. I think and it doesn't -- it surely isn't missed by you or your colleagues. The fact of the matter is some of the increase in O&M has to do with the magnitude of the storms that we've experienced so far this year. They don't hit that threshold that you go in for recovery in the normal course of business in the various jurisdictions. And the other part of it is simply, O&M authorities that have been granted to us by various commissions where you're recovering dollar for dollar for the increase in O&M. As you know, we've been very aggressive to try to build more trackers and riders in our cases. So take Indiana as a perfect example, or I guess PSO may be a better example. They gave us a certain amount of money to underground activities so that the Tulsa region didn't see the same amount of interruptions on the system, and every single dollar that they authorized to be spent, it was spent for that goal as you would expect us to do. So net-net, the O&M discipline at American Electric Power continues to be strong. The headcount numbers continue to be right where we thought that they would be, so we keep a very, very close eye on that as we go forward. So when you see those increases, I want to make sure, and your question has given us the opportunity to put some granularity to what's driving them.
Michael Morris: So when we look at -- there probably aren't any more that we would file yet this year in an impact of this year, but there will be a few and we'll give you some granularity on that. There will be some active cases, as you might imagine. As you know, the Virginia case will mature in '12, the Michigan case will mature in '12, although it has a potential to settle in '11. So we'll see how it goes. We've got cases, probably in Indiana as well, and other jurisdictions. But net-net, we'll let you know what else we're looking at in the back of the year.
Michael Morris: Well, that would probably be inappropriate. We will begin to operate the fleet a bit differently. We're looking at some fuel selection differences. As you know, we're -- although not by a tremendous amount, because we're getting more gassy. But at American Electric Power, because of the size of our coal fleet, adding the gas facilities that we have will have some impact. We've moved Dresden up in a much more aggressive construction cycle. It will come to play in 2012, so it's probably inappropriate to use that as your base because the mix will change, the fuels will change and the footprint will go down some. Having said that, and I know there's been some concern about how scrubbers are operating across the U.S. fleet. We're really operating at peak performance, 98%, 99% capture, so we're quite satisfied. We're looking at remedial action and changes to some of those scrubbers as we go, and that's all working out quite well, as well.
Michael Morris: Well, I think what we did earlier on is pretty accurate. The only difference that we may see is that we are taking a real hard look at the dry sorbent approach to it rather than the major capital investments that we thought we might have to put on. But I think that, as you know, what we get on HAPs MACT is going to have probably a much larger effect. So we don't want to get too granular about what we're going to do yet knowing that, that's coming out in November.
Michael Morris: Well, they're all moving along at pace. The discussions that we're having on the ESP, of course, include the magnitude of all of the filings, so the merger docket, the remand case, as well as the overall distribution rate case. So they're all there, they all have schedules established for the most part. And the Commission staff and the Commission, as well as the parties, are looking through all of them as quickly as we can. I don't know -- I don't want to leave you with the impression that there's some overall global settlement concept that may wrap them all up. If that were doable, we'd be happy to do it. But there are uniquenesses to each of the cases, and some of the interveners would rather see -- some of them process to their conclusion, while others of them may yield a better opportunity to settle.
Michael Morris: Yes, it was based exactly as the proposals were. And to the only update, again, as I've mentioned, we're looking at different technologies in response to the opportunity to address Casper. So we've not built any delay in there. What we tried to do was show a straightforward, verifiable view of the effect of the draft rules as they stood at the time and the rules that we think will come out over time and the effect that they'd have on our fleet.
Michael Morris: No, I would think not. As we always do, we look at the assets and the opportunities that are in front of us. A couple of the jurisdictions continue to lag from what we'd like to see them do, but they're catching up in a hurry and we're encouraged by that. We're equally encouraged by the activities that we see from the FERC on their transmission Final Rule 1000. I don't want to take too much time on this call, but I must say that Susan Tomasky, who has headed that transmission group for us for the last handful of years, was instrumental in pulling together the comments that American Electric Power made to the FERC, and a number of those comments were very much evident in the Final Rule as it was brought forth. So I'm encouraged by what we see in transmission, the opportunity to do that. Lisa Barton, who has managed many of our negotiations with our joint venture partners in transmission will take Susan's role. We'll miss Susan a great deal, but the whole notion of having her responsible for transmission during that period of time worked out exactly as we had hoped that it would. So we see a lot of investment opportunities with the assets that we have, but we'll always look at monetizing anything if it seems better in the hands of another player.
Michael Morris: I don't think that would be a big issue at all if that's the way it ends up. I appreciate the point you make about Duke because they've kind of gone from one footprint, one approach to another, and then kind of morphed in with a hybrid of the 2, and that may be a bit troubling. But we have every reason to believe that we'll come to some resolution before the end of the year. I think everyone knows that the executive administration of the State of Ohio is in different hands, very aggressive hands. Governorate Kasich is a let's-get-it-done kind of person. I expect we'll see an order before the end of the year, one way, shape or form. If that doesn't happen, we'll just continue on what's -- where we are, and that's not a bad news story for us at all.
Michael Morris: Quite honestly, not that long of a period of time because again, as I mentioned, we're taking it to the original engineering design. Now that would have to be brought up to date. Austin and around the world, there is still a couple of projects going forward. As you know, Southern Company is looking on some of O&M technology down in Mississippi, I believe. So we all continue to look at that as a constructive undertaking. But you've asked a very important question. Having spent a great deal of time in the international dialogue on these issues to a number of facilities that the American Electric Power is involved with, it would appear to me that a carbon intensity plan is about as far as you're going to see China or India go. And so if we had legislation that really was driven toward carbon intensity in the United States going forward, that may cause some of the carbon capture and storage projects to go forward. We always thought we could get the final design in about a year or less, bid and construct in a year or more, so it would stay on those kinds of timelines. What we thought originally was a 2014, '15 date, if you had a piece of legislation by 2013, you may be looking more to 2017 or '18 timeline.
Michael Morris: But I think if there's anyone who had concern over one-time equity issuances at the parent, I think that these kinds of activities surely lay those over.
Michael Morris: Well, I don't want to misrepresent, because the EPA laid that out as the ultimate silver bullet that would make life go on without anyone ever having to pass away. It isn't quite that good. What we're saying is that when we' look at particularly some of our Western plants, we may be able to use that technology there with a combination of some fuel blending in our Western stations. And that will have an effect of one, maybe being able to do it more rapidly than we thought because they aren't as massive a construction project and two, not as expensive because they aren't as massive a construction project. But we, like Southern Company, actually see these things very much the same. They kind of -- we lay on top of each other with understanding the impact. And we don't think that it's a silver bullet, but we do think it's a technology that may lend itself to use. And our engineers are pretty far along the line with those conclusions. And in fairness, as you might expect, we and Southern Company do dialogue on these issues frequently. So we will share with them what we think we see, but of course, as you know, they don't have the same lignite base fleet that we do out West.
Michael Morris: No. No, I don't think so.  Good, we'd like to thank everyone for their time and for joining us on today's call. As always, always our IR team will be available to answer any additional questions you may have. John, can you please give the replay information.
Brian Tierney: Yes, we do, Greg. We're going to obviously take some of that and resecuritize TCT [ph] by retiring some debts. And just there are going to be some requirements that we're going to have in Texas to retire that and refinance that company. But there will be a component of that, where that should be a significant dividend up to the parent. And, of course, we'll use that for the other capital needs that we have and we've sort of laid some of those out for you, the environmental needs that we have building the transmission business and others.
Brian Tierney: Tax rate for the ongoing, the AEP total -- each segment was about 33.27% compared to the prior year, and about 35.5%. And it was lower as a result of lower pretax booked income and larger favorable flow-through and permanent book-to-tax differences. We're always looking for opportunities to try and get that down as low as we possibly can and we're engaged in a number of tax-planning activities to try and get that as low as possible. We're pleased that it's below what we had in the guidance, above 35% range for the quarter and the year, but we're always planning and trying to find ways to reduce that tax burden as much as we possibly can.
Brian Tierney: I think it's always wise for you to assume a 35% rate. And if we come in lower than that, that's a benefit to our shareholders.
Brian Tierney: We are going to be setting up a tax deferral associated with that. So we're going to take -- at the time that we recognize the transaction, we're going to take the $420 million plus the applicable interest and the debt only portion, and we'll record that as a regulatory asset with the related deferred tax expense of about 35%. And then, of course, as the reg assets amortize, the deferred taxes will be amortized to match the current income tax expense. And the equity portion that we'll be realizing will be recognized as the amortization happens, as well. And we anticipate over the 14-year securitization period, the equity carrying cost of between $20 million and $185 million to be recognized in current period earnings.
Brian Tierney: That is right, it is the commercial class of customers. And primarily, at Columbus and Southern Power Company and the place where you would see that margin occurring is in the Ohio companies, Line 2 on Pages 11 and 13.
Brian Tierney: It's -- I don't have the percent of total commercial customers that have switched. We can get that for you.
Brian Tierney: It's hard to say at this point, Michael, because of the impact of what Casper might have on that. I would obviously, expect that people might have less volume to go in the shoulder periods and will be trying to optimize what they have available to go in the winter and southern months as load and pricing is higher. So it's really hard for us to tell what the new normal's going to be when we have the situation changing as much as it's going to under the Casper issue.
Brian Tierney: Second half of '11, we anticipate being very similar to the first half, being burn close to flat, consistent with what our guidance is. And I'd anticipate that although we haven't come out with '12, we're going to be very conservative on O&M growth there as well. Really, the bulk of what we're trying to show in any growth at all in O&M is trying to have as much of that as possible picked up in trackers, and as little of that as possible flowing through as a net against revenue hitting the bottom line.
Brian Tierney: No, there'll be some debt reduction at TCC, and perhaps, in rebalancing of the capital structure of that company. But there will be a considerable dividend up to the parent.
Brian Tierney: We have some significant capital needs that we're going to be embarking on as we've talked about our capital plan and what we need to do in terms of environmental retrofits and the like. And we have some pretty significant needs for that capital on our Transmission business as well, in addition to our underlying utility businesses. So we have plenty of uses to put that capital to work and have it earning for the shareholders of the company.
Brian Tierney: Yes, this was not incorporated in our point estimate when we came out with it. We've since incorporated that in there, and there've been a number of ins and outs. And so I wouldn't just assume that there's some significant upside associated with the capital infusion.
