Nick Akins: Yeah. So we say the upper half as far as a generalization, obviously, and as we go forward there's no question. I mean, we'll be disappointed with – it's pretty much the same thing to us.
Nick Akins: Well, certainly, we're in a position now to where we can – we have uses for – certainly for capital to invest, we're able to look at our entire portfolio and determine, okay, is there is there an opportunity for rotations? Is there an opportunity for sale of assets, those types of things? But certainly, Kentucky remains a part of our portfolio. Obviously, as we look at any future positive investment we're making, I think it's probably safe to say – and you probably see from the FFO, debt and other credit metrics that they were fully utilizing our balance sheet. So we're moving into a stage where we have to think about optimization from a ROE standpoint for investors and that forces us to look at sources and uses. So no, I'm not commenting on Kentucky in particular, I think it's important to say that now we're a fully regulated utility. We can look at investments across the board and see what the best approach is. And I think that's what we're certainly alluding to as you go through this process. And really with North Central by the time the investment is needed, we have time to go through that process.
Nick Akins: Yeah, it's unchanged. We fully expect our dividend growth to be commensurate with earnings growth. And as you know, we've talked about this – the 4.5% this year and then the previous year is 8.2% or something like that. So it averages out to 6%. We focus on nominally the 6%. So you can expect that in the future.
Nick Akins: Yeah, so obviously, we have that case in the northeast that has brought up at least some issues and certainly that's been evaluated, a lot of parties have filed to review that outcome of the MISO case and that was really the one that I think sort of send a message. Previously the Northeast there is a mechanism for four different measures and they went to two different measures, with MISO and I think it may be had some unintended consequences hopefully, but certainly the industry has responded, AEP has responded as far as Transource. We have settlements in our – in the east and the west. And in the East, we have a stay out provision, in the west we do not. So they're – but it wouldn't make any sense for filings to occur while the FERC is continuing to review the outcome of the MISO rehearing that's occurring. Yeah, so the stay out was in SPP. So just make sure of that, but nevertheless, right now, though, our rates, we view them as consistent with that realm of reasonableness. And we continue to see it that way. And I think, as we get through the rehearing at FERC, I think there's certainly an opportunity for us to ensure that that's the case going forward.
Nick Akins: Yeah, you have to ask that question. But I think that the – certainly, I think there's a necessity to get it resolved quickly because it's brought a lot of unintended risk into the investment in transmission. And I think it's important to get it rectified earlier. And as you might recall, before they start looking at actually our path project as a proxy for evaluation of when ongoing view should look like and we view that as promising and certainly, they have reacted reasonably quickly from that perspective and I think they've recognized that the market is truly watching in terms of what FERC's philosophy is relative to transmission investment, which I believe is unchanged. And actually, I think, at least what I've heard from the commissioners and public forums is that the transmission continues to be an investment that's required for optimization of the grid and historically they've incentivized that I fully expect them to continue to do that.
Nick Akins: No, I think they're being dealt with completely separately. AEP Texas is the case that is a base case and then actually the wind project is in the SWEPCO jurisdiction associated with Texas. So it's still integrated, regulated in that part of Texas. And they're used to dealing with wind request. It's happened before. There's a lot of precedence for review of the wind projects. And certainly we were building upon what we learned from the previous wind catcher activity and found something that we felt like addressed the concerns during that period of time, but also dealt with it in a way that's consistent with the integrated resource planning processes. And something that's fairly innocuous in terms of review by the Commission. So we certainly – as I said earlier, I think Oklahoma and Arkansas are well on their way. Louisiana and Texas are certainly in the process and we would – certainly are hopeful that they'll continue to see the benefits of that project as well and get it done very quickly.
Nick Akins: No, there's not really. I mean, the interveners may – the interveners themselves, they may be the same, but the issues are very different.
Nick Akins: Yeah, so it's on both sides, both sides of the ledger and obviously we still have integrated regulated jurisdictions and the one South Bend project in partnership with Notre Dame that's on the regulated Indiana, Michigan Power and then also there's projects that others have done in our regulated footprint and as well on the contracted side we continue to advance that around the country in various forms, but not just tied to wind power solar, but other projects as well. And we're sort of a unique I guess, from the contracted business. We cover about every quadrant of the business relationship that customers would expect in the – and really are on site partners our AEP Energy or AEP Retail, all those come together to really provide sort of all-in solution for customers.So we see the growth occurring on both sides. I think with – certainly north wind – North Central is an example, obviously, the way the integrated resource plans of various jurisdictions are moving forward. I know at APCo there's a solar requirement in Virginia and then there's other opportunities for us to do it on the regulated side, as well as the unregulated. And keep in mind, we are contracted business, we limited 10% of the business because of tax reasons. And so we want the regulated side to grow to enable our contracted business to grow as well. And this is a nice balance for us, and we'll continue doing that. And certainly, I would say it's moving very much in both directions. And if you look at post North Central and which now after the purchase of the Central Wind assets, we're probably, I mean, roughly half and half. So I think it's a great diverse solution.
Nick Akins: Yeah, I think that's why we said upper half because there's so many opportunities out there for us. And for our ability to continue to grow, certainly, we're going to have to continue to feed the beast in a way that continues that 5% to 7% growth trajectory. But as we said before, with all the projects that we know that are out there with the opportunities in front of us, and you can look at our integrated resource plan on the regulated side and see what's in front of us. And you can certainly see, I think there was a report recently of AEP and the trans – just the generation transformation alone, which drives the renewable piece of it, along with some natural gas. It's a real opportunity for AEP to continue to enhance that growth pattern, so really the fundamentals are there. It's a matter of execution.
Nick Akins: Yeah, we've got that. Once the – if we get approval from the Oklahoma Commission, maybe today, and then we get approval from Arkansas, we have the critical mass for the project to move forward. The question is at what scale? So with those two projects together, you're already at 846 megawatts of the 1,485 and it's already a 1.1 billion investment and if you move forward with Louisiana for example – and Arkansas remember has the flex up. So the flex up means it'll take the additional capacity, the wind power capacity, if it's not taken by another jurisdiction. So if Arkansas flexes up and then Louisiana approves with a flex up, then you got the 1,485 megawatts of the whole project. Now, obviously, if Texas sees its way to be a part of the project as well, which I believe they should then each of the states will participate in the full project. So right now I'd say, with Oklahoma and Arkansas, settlements are approved the project is moving forward, that's a given. Then the question becomes, okay, what scale? And that'll be determined by the other two jurisdictions and the amount of flex up that's enabled in those settlements. So I'd say you should be happy with the progress right now and I think – I also think you should be optimistic about this project being fully vetted and fully approved.
Nick Akins: Absolutely, I think there's a pattern here and that's why I talked so much about the generation transformation that's occurring. We already have – we're retiring generation, older generation. And that's coal and natural gas and certainly replacing with new resources that provide a real opportunity and that opportunity is really driven by reducing costs for consumers and this thing – the North Central is a perfect representation of it overall if the entire project, 2 billion in investment, but over 3 billion in savings to customers and that's one of the key areas for the utility in the future is to be able to deploy capital to reduce customers’ bills and that's what we're doing and that's what many of these projects allow us to do.
Nick Akins: It'll be a step up. It'll be a step up. Step change when North Central gets in, but we'll continue with the 5% to 7%.
