Mike Morris: Well, when we look at that, we just thought that trying to sync up with the actual capacity undertakings of the PJM was probably an important point for us to take, and so we don't see that as exposing ourselves to a great amount of risk in that sense.
Mike Morris: Don't forget, as Brian said in his comments, the pool mechanism is a 3-year look and a process that comes to some reasoned resolution. And it will ultimately fit into that activity going forward, probably past that timeline. If in fact we don't get to some reasoned conclusion with the multiple states as we go forward, the notice to ourselves is withdrawable and we'll just simply use the pool the way we've used it historically. So we don't see the two creating any additional risk that we need to be worried about.
Mike Morris: When we look at that, as you know when we do our load forecasting we are usually very conservative in that regard because that's the whole predicate of how we manage the ongoing business coming into a year. We don't get any signal from our customers that they think there's a lull in the activity that they're seeing, but we didn't want to build a really robust industrial increase beyond what we saw in 2010 which as you know was pretty substantial. So when we look particularly at the metal melders and the LME prices we think not only is Ormet going to be robust for the year, but that if essentially aluminum can solve some of their labor issues going forward they'll come back as well. We should see some uptick in that, and that probably would be in the latter half of the year, but we feel pretty comfortable about the increase that we've built into the overall forecast of what we think industrial sales will be. If it's upside obviously we'll gladly accept that.
Mike Morris: That's exactly the way that we see it. At the end of the day, to the point Brian made and I made earlier on, our approach here is to try to be respectful of the request that was made of us by the Virginia commission, something that we were contemplating doing, but it is in fact the reallocation of cost across the fleet and hopefully a zero sum gain. If we see that to be different from that, then we wouldn't go forward with the undertaking and we'd have the pool continue to work.  But you know, this was something that was created in the 50s and many of our jurisdictions would rather have a direct line of sight to the generating capacity that they need for their own state needs and the growth that they see rather than depending on the pool and the way that the pool works. Because as you know, it can really flip around the amount of cost that one state might pay versus other states based on the member load ratio calculations that are affected by incredibly warm weather in one particular region within the pool versus cooler weather in another region. So we just think it's time to make that adjustment.  However, I want to make certain because I know a lot of people have written about this, that if this tends toward the negative in that the states all believe that there's something more beneficial that they ought to get out of that changing of the pool arrangement we simply won't go forward with it. So no filings have been made in any jurisdiction that would cause us to be concerned about that. This an internal notice to the members of the pool that we may be moving in a different direction.
Mike Morris: There are two parts to your question. I'll have Brian address the first one then I'll pick up on the latter part.
Mike Morris: So on the second half of your question, as you know we're concerned about shopping in the marketplace. It really has everything to do with mostly our commercial customer class that as I mentioned before has some rate skewing effect. We think that today the competitive retail electric suppliers are getting a free ride on capacity costs. We made a filing at the FERC to address that. As you know, the FERC last week decided that they could not make a change because Ohio had in fact toward the latter part of December created their own price forecast before the capacity charge. We think that that probably was inadvertently low. We've addressed that issue both in the ESP and we will go forward and petition the FERC for re-hearing and in fact they invited us to file a complaint if we thought that the PUCO's number was too low and we'll do that as well. And we'll do that with respect toward the commission. This is not a fight. This is just an approach.  But again, going back to the numbers that Brian shared with you, this is 2,800 gigawatt hours out of an output at American Electric Power just south of 200,000 gigawatt hours a year. So I don't want to minimize it because it's important to us, and as you know we've created AEP retail. They're having some great success in retaining as well as gaining customer share in the other regions within Ohio. And we'll continue to take that approach. As I said, we've made a number of filings and a number of approaches, both at FERC and throughout the ESP, that we think will address the rate skewing and put some fairness in the capacity charge that competitive retail suppliers need to pay. And then with all of that in mind, trying to retackle 221 with a new legislature and a new governor may or may not be an appropriate way to go. I do think, however, in the near and longer term, Ohio is going to have to come to the realization that generation will not be built in the state under the current construct. And at the end of the day Ohio, within maybe 24 months, will be a net importer of electricity, and I know that our operating companies in Michigan, Indiana, Kentucky, West Virginia, Virginia would be happy to sell power into a power-short Ohio. I really don't think that that's in our best interest for the citizens and the businesses here in Ohio, and I expect that the administration and the legislature will come around to that realization soon enough. When you think about the potential number of megawatt hours that could be taken off of the board because of the potential of EPA going amok, it could have a very devastating effect on the price of power particularly here in Ohio. So I expect that that will get addressed. I don't know that going after a shopping fix is worth trying to tackle 221 again.
Mike Morris: As Brian shared with you, it's an overall 6% of the AEP Ohio load, so it covers most of the class, but again, if in fact the rate design activities that are filed in the ESP when we get to 2012 I think you'll see a real drop off in the number of shopping customers. So it'll still be there and still have the freedom to do that, but their economic advantage will be to stay on the AEP system as a retail customer.
Mike Morris: Well, remember we chose to go on the cost of service calculation of capacity because of the generation fleet that we have available to us and that served our customers well in the past and we think it will serve our shareholders as well as our customers in the future. The PJM number is just simply inappropriately low and it continues to go that way and look at the reaction that New Jersey had to that activity. And I think you'll see other states go forward and do that. When you look in some of those out years and that number gets down to $16, $17 a megawatt day, there's not a power plant that you could build or use anywhere in the world that has that kind of a cost structure. So it's totally illogical.
Mike Morris: I didn't mean to imply that Ohio would be short and not available in the marketplace. What I meant to say and really the place that the administration and the legislature will see is that if Ohio is in fact capacity short, and you get down to the price - so let's just argue that the rates go to $70 a megawatt hour because of an inability of baseload generation to satisfy that. Adequate power will flow into the marketplace, but it won't flow in at $40 or $50, it will flow in at $60 or $65. And it just doesn't serve a state like Ohio, which is very aggressive in the economic development. You'll remember the comments of governor Daniels when he made it quite clear that Indiana never intended to be a net importer of electricity and intended to be self-sufficient and an exporter. And I think Ohio feels the same way about its ability to attract new industrial load in particular.
Mike Morris: Well, I expect that there will be some pretty open discussion about the approach that we're taking to recovery of the current fuel and the deferred fuel, but that really is in keeping with orders that were issued in the existing ESP. I also expect that there will be a pretty good comparison of how is this ESP in aggregate better for the customers than an MRO approach.  And from our vantage point, particularly again putting some reasonable capacity cost charges, we feel that we'll pass the MRO test. So there will be some issue over the riders and the approaches that we've taken. There will be some issue over the bypassable or nonbypassable features for two or three of the riders that we've put in. And we think those will all have an opportunity to be thoroughly discussed and obviously from our vantage point we think what we've done here is a very balanced approach in that regard. Trying to do as I said at the very outset, address the issue of adequate energy supply for my customers as well as adequate energy supply to grow the resource base and continue to make investments in Ohio.  The law itself is pretty clear about nonbypassability of environmental investments. It's pretty clear about nonbypassability of new generation if you need to bring it for the basic requirements to feed the state of Ohio. So there will be discussions about that. I'm sure there will be others who think that's totally unfair, but that's why the ESP was created the way it is. It encourages utilities like ours and others to file for that activity, to build into it the subsets that are necessary to have a meaningful opportunity, not only for customers to receive adequate energy at reasonable prices, but for investors to be encouraged to continue to make capital investments in Ohio.  Should we not get those kinds of activities, the clear message will be invest zero in Ohio going forward and put that capital to work in those jurisdictions and as you know with the breadth of our footprint many places to put money to work at very reasonable rates of return on equity.
Mike Morris: Yeah, I think that's a fair way to look at it. That's an exchange I'd make in a minute for cost allocation being appropriate and ultimately with the eminent domain authority that's needed to build out that grid. One of the things that Chairman Wellinghoff has said, and has said it very clearly, as have Commissioner Norris and others, there is fairness in some of the incentives to go forward, but in return you need to put new technology to work on the grid. You need to do a number of things that are really cost effective in the near and long-term. So it's an encouragement to be creative in that regard.  The returns on equity that our projects have received have almost always been predicated on the incredible intellectual capacity of American Electric Power to make the grid better, to make it more efficient. When you add new - as you heard me say many times - if you look at the line loss calculations of our six bundle, 765, [inaudible] on our most recent transmission add, it's less than 1% compared to a system average across the United States of 3% or 4%. So we believe we earn those returns, but I do think there's a reversion to the mean. But it isn't a big deal.
Mike Morris: Yeah, we took a very aggressive approach to this filing because it obviously is very important for the next 29 months. We have met with our industrial customers, with the folks at the Office of Consumer Counsel weren't too eager to meet, but they were at least made aware of the approaches that we intended to take. We had some very constructive meetings with the commission staff and the commissioners themselves, although as you can well imagine they were very protective of what they saw and what they heard. Our lead on the body language, however, would tell you that there are no surprises in this filing that they weren't well aware of. Our industrial customers made some constructive comments. We tried to take those issues into concern as we went forward. And again, I think we found a reasonable balance here. That's not to say that there won't be a lot of lawyering going on, because as you know you need to run that clock to get paid. So there will be a lot of activity with the case, but it really is pretty fair, pretty balanced, and we believe very firmly that it will come out at a reasonable place when we're done.
Mike Morris: We feel very comfortable with the 2012 number. As you know, with the economy continuing to recover we've been talking about a 4-6% earnings range and off of the midpoint of our '11 number, that's almost a 5% increase going to '12 and we feel that that's very achievable. Quite honestly, we didn't build a great deal of upside from an ESP treatment into that number, so we think we've got plenty of room to be successful with that forecast when we look at 2012.
Mike Morris: When we look at our going forward strategy, it will be a blend, depending on which way the EPA goes and quite honestly through the Business Roundtable, ACE and the EEI as well as our own activities we think that this administration is taking a great deal of note of the impact that this could have on a struggling economy. So we think that many of these requirements might well be stretched out into a timeline that will fit our capital needs and our capital plans very comfortably. I doubt that you'll see us get much above the $2.5-3 billion of capital investment in the '13, '14, '15 timeline because quite honestly we just don't think there'll be an absolute demand requirement to move in that direction because of the potential effect it could have on the economy.  And as you know, particularly for our fleet, we've invested a great deal of money historically and we think we can address many of the mercury needs and other requirements so long as they're reasonable with the beneficial effect of SERs and FGDs going forward. So we' don't see a scenario where we'll have any massive capital uptick going forward because, again, much of our strategy that Nick and the team have shared with all of you go to the notion of retiring units rather than putting capital to work where it absolutely isn't necessary, nor would it be to the customer's advantage. That's really one of the reasons that we've begun the process of bringing the combined cycle gas plant called Dresden online. We began finishing the construction of that project about 2 weeks ago and plan to have that up and running about 2012. So we feel as though we've got a very solid balanced plan toward that and we don't see any long-term, near term capital impact that would put Chuck and Brian in a box.
Mike Morris: Over the last probably before - this was before the election. We were beginning to have some meaningful discussions with the EPA. We, the EEI, and of course AEP being a principal part of that, as well as legislators on both sides of the aisle in both the house and the senate, and we were getting the impression that with the economy beginning to show signs of life, no one was interested in negative effects to that. Because of the role that we play at the Business Roundtable, we've also alerted many of our larger customers of the effect. Those who have the boiler impacts understand it but many of our other customers aren't that aware of the effect that this could have on them, and I think corporate America has made it pretty clear. So over the last three or four months we've become more and more determined that spreading that thing out with a decade of commitment to it will make a big difference. And then I must tell you that Cancun I think was a game-changer, because people walked out of Cancun with a final belief that China and India, although moving in the right direction, had zero intention of going forward with any major carbon play. Much of the EPA's organization or direction is toward more traditional Clean Air Act events, and as you know, in every decade since the 60s air quality has continued to improve and that will happen here in the 2010s and that will happen through the 2020s. We've got a lot of time to adjust to these issues and that balanced reason going forward on timeline gives us comfort that the capital deployment will be well in line with our needs and our plans as I mentioned to the question that Ali had asked us. So I would say over the last three or four months we're feeling much more comfortable that this will be done in a very reasonable way.
Mike Morris: Well, on February 3 there's about 14 or 15 names that the nominating committee will discuss and they'll submit a list of three or four names to the governor's office and he will make his selections. Whether he selects two people at that time or one, and that person being designated as chair is unknowable. And if they select one then, the nominating group will get together and get another list of resumes, winnow them down, and make another recommendation to the governor. So I would expect sometime in the first quarter we'll have a full complement of five appointed commissioners with terms that are understood and there will be a learning curve, no question. But it is what it is. With 11 jurisdictions and commissioners and chairs changing frequently, it's something that we're very familiar with and something that we'll react very constructively to.
Brian Tierney: All of that. That's something that's been on our radar screen that we've been planning for and whether the amount's $425 million or $450 million it's something that from a cash standpoint we've been planning for and certainly the bonus depreciation helps us in that regard in terms of being able to fund that without having to issue incremental debt. So both planned for and bonus depreciation helps us as well.
Brian Tierney: I don't have a lot of detail for you on that. It's the change year-on-year is going from something like $154 [million] to $211 [million] and I don't recall what we had there.
Brian Tierney: We think there's an apples to apples issue in regard to what numbers were reported on the PUCO website. We know what the numbers that we reported are, and the PUCO staff took numbers from a number of different credit suppliers and the integrity of the numbers and the periodicity of the numbers that were submitted to them are in question. So it's going back and trying to make sure that the comparison of what's been shopped to [inaudible] and we don't think that's the case in the numbers that are on the website.
Brian Tierney: It's not significant. It's a placeholder that's in there to allow the company to absorb any downside before we'd start asking our customers to participate in that. And it's like a number of these riders where we put them in. There's nothing anticipated to flow into that at this point, but we felt it was prudent while we're going in for the ESP filing to have a placeholder in there should there be costs that need to be passed through and felt it was prudent for the company to absorb some component of that first before we asked our customers to participate.
Brian Tierney: Right. So we're taking a hard look at that, and instead of reissuing that facility we're looking at whether or not we do a club facility for that, or whether we do some bilaterals. And in fact we may not reissue all of that. A piece of that is associated with Ohio Power Company, which is cash fat right now, and we might just redeem that piece and bring it in. At the same time, we're looking for the other pieces of that which are APCO and I&M, how we might finance that. Right now it might not make sense for us to do a facility like we have with the VRB and support for the LCs and really doing that as a bilateral or club deal might make a lot more sense for us.
