Brian Tierney: It does, Greg. We also anticipate being a tax payer by dent of the transaction so we anticipate quarterly tax payments as well and those would begin in the first quarter.
Brian Tierney: We do, Greg, and we believe that would be for our capital spend a fairly modest percentage increase.
Brian Tierney: Perfect Ali. So we said overall that the tax impact for the year was $0.17 when you include corporate and other in that as well when you are not breaking it out by segment that impact comes down to about $0.13. And let me break out for you what the composition of that is. Resolution of prior period audits was about $0.02 per share. There was a Texas policy change that allowed for a lower taxable income that included a deduction for T&D expense that added about $0.04, some tax planning that we did that allowed some prior period charitable deductions to come through, added about $0.03 and then there were other currently accrued adjustments that mostly included tax to book differences accounted for on a flow-through basis that were about $0.04. So that's the composition of the $0.13 difference and the rate that we assume going forward is 35%.
Brian Tierney: It’s the latter, Ali. The $0.09 that we had expected given the March 31 sale will be less. We’re going to need to try to find a way to offset that, but we’re still in the range.
Brian Tierney: We’re actually seeing a lot of oil and gas projects that aren’t just being talked about. They’re already in the pipeline and being – and under construction of some kind. So that tells us a lot about what will actually true-up in that stream of new projects that are occurring because when we started going down in 2016 we had all these projects and at the end of 2015 that we thought were coming in 2016 but they weren’t materializing or at least there was a propensity to slow them down because obviously prices were coming down. But now we’re seeing a different direction. So if you look at those underlying fundamentals relative to the automobile industry, relative to oil and gas activity starting to pick up and actually confirmed projects that are under construction, it makes you somewhat optimistic but at the same time, we are being very careful about this economy like we have been for several quarters now in terms of we really need to see a trend develop.
Brian Tierney: Yes, so it has right, as you look at the trends of what's happened with GDPs there they seem to be coming from contraction into growth and we've reflected that in the update for our numbers. You will see on Slide 8, our numbers are slightly different than what they were on page 24 of our release at the Analyst Day but what that really reflects is the passage of another quarter, new data being updated and us looking at the dead reckoning forecast that we have for our service areas for 2017.
Brian Tierney: It's the after-tax expense for both pension and OPEB, so it's after-tax O&M pension and OPEB, about $15 million and it was roughly the same in 2016.
Brian Tierney: Yes. I think Chuck still has his $1 billion number out there. I think he is probably over a third of the way. But we’re going to be very selective. And as I said earlier and we have our return thresholds that we expect, and we have not changed those return thresholds. He continues to be involved with projects and if he can't make it to $1 billion, he will give it back to us and we will put it somewhere else including transmission and other places. So I think we are going to continue with the same degree of discipline that we have today regardless of what happened to tax provisions or anything else and so it's not -- this is not where AEP is trying to form some major business. It really is focused on an augmentation that's disciplined and has a return expectation associated with it that actually contributes to what we are trying to achieve. So that process hasn't changed at all and Chuck continues to be involved with projects both solar and wind and we will continue with that.
Nick Akins: Yes. I mentioned AEP is sort of moving forward with a clean slate, so we really are focused on the ability to invest in new generation and its sort of a broad context, but certainly we want to be able to put renewables in place, perhaps natural gas, other forms of resources, distributed energy resources. Those are key areas for us in terms of the build-out of the – what we believe is the smart grid of the future and all the interoperability issues associated with it. So we want to have provisions that may be shrinking of the needs provision of the existing legislation, for example, to allow us a more prescriptive path to the commission for recovery of those expenses. So once we – we would file something for new resource of some kind and it would go through the commission proceedings and we would be. And certainly, we’d like the legislation to be prescriptive in terms of how the commission deals with that, so that it would be very clear. So we're not winding up back at the Ohio Supreme Court all the time. That's really what we're after and some questions always come up about obligation to serve and that kind of thing, but really we're starting with a clean slate and we want to be able to – we now file these things as opposed to have some obligation to serve that looks like a re-regulation. So there's still a lot of discussions about that, but AEP certainly is focused on that provision. Because we're doing very well from the regulatory structure in Ohio relative to transmission distribution and the interface associated with that so we want to be able to augment that growth potential here in Ohio as well.
Nick Akins: Relative to the past. So the slide that I took us through on the regional economies shows that through 2016 a lot of our service areas were in recession. But towards the end of 2016, they started to come out and started to show some growth. As we saw, oil and natural gas prices start to improve. We started to see improvement in the industrial regions that have exposure to oil and gas. If prices stay the same or continue to improve, we expect that trend to continue into 2017. Most of our growth in 2017 is forecasted to come from the industrial sector.
Nick Akins: No. We think our forecast reflects what we’re seeing right now, which is some improvement in industrial, particularly oil and gas.
Nick Akins: Yes, we are still in discussions with the other parties that would be involved with this thing and obviously all the utilities and others and really we have to get it nailed down on the provisions, all the provisions that will go into the bill and some parties are looking for different thing than others, so we have to manage through that process a little bit but the legislature obviously is being kept up to speed on what's going on and we are having regular meetings with leaders in the legislature. So nothing is going to happen that’s really unknown at this point. I think really a major focus right now is not to burden the legislation with provisions that may slow it down because if you start talking about reregulation or obligation to serve, all those kinds of things, it just brings in more issues associated with how, okay, do you actually restructure this market, but if it's surgical in terms of its approach and actually there may be other surgical provisions of other companies want, let's put those together and move forward very quickly through the legislature. So I'm still thinking probably second quarter, we will have something that we can have someone sponsor.
Nick Akins: Yes, again, there's already drafts of legislation that are circulating around and we just need to make sure all the parties are comfortable with that. And so it is a work in progress with the new legislature as well here in Ohio and from AEP's perspective, like I said, its additive to our ability to invest in this state. We already have some measure of renewables that are in place and we have to bid for those and that kind of thing but this is really centered on ensuring that we're able to address really what Ohio wants to do regarding its energy future, and our part in it. And so, that's where it stands right now.
Nick Akins: Yes. I think from AEP's perspective and obviously you'll have to ask the others, but from AEP's perspective to try to have AEP Ohio responsible for capacity in the future. I mean, we sort of lived through that and done that and obviously if you try to have AEP Ohio responsible for capacity and having to go out or – because obviously we're in the process of selling our generation, so you could wind up in a situation where we have long-term large PPAs and that would be a balance sheet issue for AEP Ohio. So you think about that obligation and of course the obligation to serve in, and it becomes pretty onerous in terms – not only in terms of how we deal with the financial picture of AEP Ohio going forward, but also in terms of you're trying to restructure a market and everyone, if you try – if you put that – invest it back with the utilities then you would basically have to go through a whole lot of discussions with multiple parties of what does that mean and how do you deal with that completely different structure, short of re-regulation. So if it's more surgical in its approach in terms of new facilities or that kind of thing, then I think it's a lot easier.
Nick Akins: Well, I'll let FE speak on the nuclear point, but we'll say this from AEP's perspective, if there is support – and I don't call it like New York or Illinois, but if there is support in terms of ZEC or something like that for nuclear, I'm supportive of that being in legislation as long as ZEC gets attributable to FE's connected customers. And so, because we're a little different in Ohio than the other states. AEP Ohio doesn’t have any nuclear and the others don’t either. So I think you have to sort of think about that. But overall I’m very supportive of nuclear. I think it’s a travesty that these nuclear units are getting retired. And if there is any kind of state support that can be given to support these nuclear units, that’s a good thing because this competitive market – we call it a market and PJM is not working for long-term base load capacity. So I really believe that there should be some – there can be some provision, but the cost of that can’t be borne by our customers because AEP Ohio is moving toward its own set of resources including renewables. And we want to make sure that there is the ability for us to invest in relation to impact on customer rates. So that’s really long answer to the short question, but I think it says a lot in terms of where things are going.
Nick Akins: Yes. I think from AEP Ohio’s perspective, it certainly clears out all the overhang associated with all these cases. So it really puts us in a great position I mean, obviously, the capacity of the Supreme Court – the Ohio Supreme Court had remanded back the issues on the capacity and the RSR payment, and it gets all that squared away. And then, of course, some other historical fuel cases are resolved too that had been hanging out for years and then as well as too excess of earnings there. So it really provides a clean slate going forward. So I fully expect AEP Ohio to continue to be a very good investment from a wires perspective. Transmission and distribution that we’re trying to do – and I think the commission is somewhat responsive to this, and that is with the Smart Cities challenge in Columbus, we are working on interoperability with the grid, going back to transportation, and we want to be able to do that throughout our territories. But certainly Ohio and Columbus, Ohio, is central to that theme going forward. And I really believe we’ll have a supportive commission in that regard. So I think that really bodes well for the investment potential in AEP Ohio, but also the benefits for customers and the commission should be very happy with that.
Nick Akins: I think you have to look at is, I know business get repetitive quarter after quarter but these quarters are a snapshot in time that we don't see intuitively obvious long-term trends that we can really hang our head on in terms of how the year goes. So I would say if we continue to see bolstering activity in the second quarter and then we will continue looking at what that means in terms of load forecast and keep in mind too it's the mixture of load to. Weather -- if it's industrial load that's picking up, the margins on industrial load are much less than others. So you have to really look at this thing in the context of overall trends moving forward throughout the economy and will just have to take that quarter by quarter and make a determination.
Nick Akins: Yes, the grid smart, we were set for hearing, I think it was yesterday. They delayed it until next week. So we should get a decision then and be off and running.
Nick Akins: I think, I'd say, generally, we recognize we need to be arm in arm, but there's still outstanding issues that we need to resolve. And – but I really believe that the participants are motivated to move this process forward because they understand the importance of the restructuring effort here in Ohio. So I'd say the parties are motivated, but still there's issues that we have to resolve specifically related to if it's a surgical legislation.
Nick Akins: Yes. On the former PPA assets, as I mentioned, we’re talking to the other parties. And really it focuses on what the swap potential is and, of course, looking at units that may – I mean, you look at him and say, well, we should go ahead and retire them. And then if there is consolidation of interest, then is there a strategic process that needs to continue in some variation associated with those. And I would say those conversations are going very well. Timing of those conversations I still suspect we’ll be completing something certainly in 2017. So obviously it’s pretty complicated given that there is multiple owners. But also there is multiple issues to be dealt with in terms of how you move forward from whatever the result maybe of the discussions with the parties themselves. But I would say those conversations are going very good.
Nick Akins: Yes. On the 205 filing, I think, we have – it's a March timeframe for, I guess, for the forecast to act and then the 206 filing that’s still sitting out there. And it may be a couple years. But obviously that process will continue, if they decide to set it for hearing or whatever. But we haven’t heard anything else on there.
Nick Akins: I wouldn’t say -- I don't know that we've had a Trump administration before too, the pace at which he is moving already and I think a lot of these things have been pinned up for years and on its face you'll say it's pretty daunting to get tax reform done in these multiple things that we are talking about particularly when you take away interest expense deductibility and issues like that. That's going to be tough. I'm not saying that it can't get done because I think there's probably enough movement out there of a lot of companies who want to see that tax rate come down, and I think the importance of American industry going forward to be competitive internationally. I think that process will move forward and it becomes an issue of, okay, how do you pay for it? And that's where interest expense deductibility and all that kind of stuff comes in. As far as the industry is concerned, I still think right now the Trump Administration is dealing with ACA. They – the tax reform could come after that. Although, infrastructure seems to be a key issue as well. So it remains to be seen. I think it'll probably be later in the year before we really see things that we can really latch onto to fully understand where this thing is going and so we'll continue to look at our tax situation and consideration of that but it is something we'll watch very closely. And if it is a broad tax reform package, we probably dealt with in our analysis here, some of the extremes that would occur. If you take 100% expensing and interest expense deductions away, that's pretty considerable. So I think that's probably as much of a stress test as you're going to get. As far as the industry is concerned, and AEP's position, we would – we think that our industry is the most heavily – it is the capitalized industry by far of anyone in the US. And when you talk about interest expense deductibility and deductions and how the impact ultimately customers, you really have to think twice about that. So I really believe there ought to be a utility exception because we typically pass our rates through to customers and the benefits in there to manufacturing and other endeavors that we have for the economy. So whether that can get done or not is another question. But certainly we really have to look at those provisions and how it applies to our capital intensive industry. And we’ll obviously be active in Washington associated with that thought as well.
Nick Akins: I really don't see that. I think you hit up on a point though that different companies may be looking for different provisions based upon where they stand today and somehow we’ve got to make sure that an industry restructuring package is transparent enough and people will understand it well enough to accommodate some of these varied interests. And that’s really – that’s part of the challenge. And so we will just have to see how things work out from that perspective.
