Peggy Simmons: Thanks, Ben, and good morning, everyone. Now let's go to an update on several of AEP's ongoing regulatory initiatives. We are currently focused on investing more in people resources at the local level, particularly in regulatory and legislative areas.   The utility industry is changing and more now than ever, it's critical that we enhance our engagement in this dynamic environment. More details of our related regulatory activity can be found in the appendix beginning on Slide 23. AEP's operating company leaders are running the business and engaged with our state regulators. Higher costs for materials and frequency of cases shines a spotlight on affordability and customer builds are top of mind for us.   We are focused on advancing interest in each of the states we operate to achieve outcomes that are good for our customers, our communities and our investors. This includes economic development work across our service territory, which brings jobs and creates headroom from larger load perspectives.   We continue to reduce our authorized versus actual ROE gap. We're doing the work and our ROE improved slightly this quarter to 8.9%. Even considering this measure is depressed by approximately 30 basis points from mild weather conditions. Staying with the recent positive developments, I'm pleased to report AEP Ohio's Electric Security Plan V settlement obtained last summer -- excuse me, last September was approved by the commission earlier this month.   This ESP covers a 4-year term of June 2024 through May 2028. As we shared previously, we filed new base cases in Indiana and Michigan in the latter half of 2023. In Indiana, we reached settlement, which was filed in December, and we expect the commission decision by June of this year.   In Michigan, we completed the procedural schedule and expect a relief in that case in July. The team has been busy in 2024 so far, filing an Oklahoma base case for PSO in January and an AEP Texas case in February. Last month, we filed the APCo Virginia biennial rate review, required by statute from legislative changes attained in 2023.   Earlier this month, in SWEPCO, Arkansas and Louisiana jurisdictions we filed the annual formula rate plan. Now on to the regulated resource additions. We continue to advance our 5-year, $9.4 billion regulated renewable capital plan and have a total of $6.6 billion approved by state commissions at APCo, I&M, PSO and SWEPCO. As you can see, we're making great progress. We are also considering the renewables market local input, as well as evolving reserve margins and resource adequacy as we meet the needs of our customers.   We are advancing toward our fleet transformation targets, which are aligned with and supported by our integrated resource plan. We have pending requests for proposals for a diverse set of additional generation resources at I&M, Kentucky Power, PSO and SWEPCO with more to come from other operating companies, including APCo.   These generation investments are an integral part of our broader capital program, which is 100% focused on regulated assets. Looking ahead, we know there is more work to be done as we advance our regulatory strategies in 2024 to achieve a forecasted regulated ROE of 9.1%. We look forward to continuing to engage constructively with our regulators and strengthening relationships.   With that, I'll pass it over to Chuck to walk through the performance drivers and details supporting our financials. 
Peggy Simmons: Yes, Ben, I think you pretty much covered. We have worked with the team and looking at how we can get some more of those -- enhance the resources from a regulatory and legislative perspective, having more boots on the ground.   As I mentioned in the opening statement, there's a lot of change in our industry and having folks out there having these ongoing conversations is really important. So we're working through that process and more to come on that topic. 
Peggy Simmons: Yes. We do have RFPs outstanding in I&M. But to answer your question, yes, and are vertically integrated like Indiana, we will have to serve the generation component, and we are working with those large loads that are coming to us on what that would look like. And we are also focused on, as Ben mentioned earlier, redefining and looking at our tariffs as well. So that will be part of our strategy. 
Peggy Simmons: Yes. So what I would add to Ben's comment there is that on our tariffs, we are looking at what minimum demands are. Most of the large loads are wanting to be connected to the system. But if they want some form of self-generation, we are asking so that we understand that, and we can include that, as part of our planning.   So we're trying to get all of that information on the front end. So that we can appropriately serve customers and make sure that it's fair and balanced for all customers and everyone is paying their fair share, as Ben has mentioned. 
Peggy Simmons: We have -- so Indiana, we have an IRP that's coming up that's going to be later in November. But -- so that will be part of the process as we start to look at how we accommodate some of this load as we start to see it to come on as well. We'll be using those same types of process. 
Peggy Simmons: Yes. So I'll take that. Thank you for the question. I mean, generally, we need -- we'd have to be building long-term assets. So we need some commitments that are longer in nature. So I mean, we would think somewhere around the 10-plus, 15-plus year range, but we're working through that process now. 
Peggy Simmons: So we do use grid-enhancing technologies. And as it relates to the planning information at FERC. I mean, our team has been very involved in it. I mean, I think they're looking at longer planning horizons and things of that nature. So our team has been at the table the whole time working with FERC on those. 
Benjamin Gwynn Fowke: Yes, those are all really good questions, Jeremy. And our team has done a tremendous amount of work thinking this through. I mean, first of all, I like to say, here at AEP that really wired for growth. And as you know, we've been making significant transmission investments over the years, and that's going to allow us, I think, to accommodate this first wave of growth we're seeing from data centers.   And -- so in our next 5 years, you will see that load coming on, and you'll see some of the capital spend -- the incremental capital spend to support it. As we get out further in the decade, I think, it's going to be a function of an additional transmission and perhaps even generation that will need to get built to meet it all.   But this team is working really hard. We have a great economic development team, very supportive business community in States and we've done a lot of groundwork to put ourselves in this position. And you're also seeing, Jeremy, data center load ramp up at the same time. So that's a natural trend, too.   Now to your latter question, this is one I've been keenly focused on. And the good news is we believe that the load growth that will be coming on, will be fair to all customers and in fact, will help us keep our rates affordable across all of our jurisdictions. We are developing new tariffs. Tariffs that require longer-term commitments. Tariffs that require the data centers to deliver on the load expectations that we're building for obviously, credit quality, et cetera.   And when you do the math, that load growth then benefits all customers. And that's what I'm really excited about because that was really important to myself and the team that we do keep rates affordable and this growth will do just that. 
Benjamin Gwynn Fowke: Well, I can just tell you that the attributes and the qualities we're looking for remain unchanged from what I described on the fourth quarter call. We are well underway now. We've got some really good candidates, impressive candidates. It takes time to sort it all out. And there's other obviously, things that we need to look at.   But the timetable that I outlined for you just a couple of months ago was 6 to 12. So truncate 2 months off of that, and it's 4 to 10. And -- but that said, we'll take as much time as we need to get the right person in place, and I'm very confident that we'll do just that. 
Benjamin Gwynn Fowke: Well, I think it's -- this is a focus of ours. And one of the -- and I'm going to turn it over to Peggy, she's developing -- has developed a detailed plan. But one of the things we want to do is put those local resources in our communities. And I know that's the right thing to do, just talking to stakeholders.   It costs money to do that which is one of the reasons why we did the voluntary severance, so we can free up some of those resources going forward to make those critical investments in our communities. Peggy, I don't know if you want to add anything. 
Benjamin Gwynn Fowke: I'm going to turn it over to Peggy in a second. But listen, it's got to be fair to all customers now, okay? I mean this is a big deal. It's an exciting big deal. But growth needs to be as close to self-funded as possible. And that's what I think we'll get with these tariffs and some of the other analysis that we're looking at. 
Benjamin Gwynn Fowke: Yes. I mean the worst case scenario, and this is what -- to Peggy's point, what we're preventing is the load doesn't show up consistent with how we built the infrastructure. And when it does show up, it doesn't use, especially on a peak basis, the energy that we built for.   So -- and -- but if you control that, which, by the way, I think, we also have to be very careful, too, that these large, large loads are -- don't jeopardize good reliability. And so these tariffs address that, too. If you do all those things, then growth is good for all. And that's what we're pushing for. 
Benjamin Gwynn Fowke: I mean I think the big update will come -- well, I understand EEI in the third quarter's earnings call right on the same, but it would either come on the third quarter or EEI unless there might be drips and drabs that get released before that, but that's what we're planning to do right now. 
Benjamin Gwynn Fowke: It would be on an opportunistic basis. We're going to look at -- we're always open to ideas. Chuck and I and the team have been around a while. We know that sometimes good ideas sound good on paper, but you can't execute on them. So we do filter that through the regulatory screening process, as you can imagine.   And then we like our assets. So obviously, the price has to be right. But -- what you're not going to see from us is like strategic review, too, and preannounced kind of things that we're looking at. If the opportunity arises and we can execute on it, then you'll hear about it.   But -- in the meantime, our status quo plan, I think, is a pretty darn good plan. And to the extent that we issue equity to fund additional incremental CapEx, this is going to be smart CapEx, good growth for all and we'll keep our balance sheet strong, which I think is so important as you enter, I think, an extended era of higher CapEx growth. 
Benjamin Gwynn Fowke: Yes. Carly, the plan that we laid out at EEI is still intact. Other than I think at EEI, we had the West Virginia securitization in the plan, and that has been replaced by a Kentucky securitization, nearly of equal amounts.  So the plan is still intact. There's been no significant changes, and we're proceeding on that plan. 
Benjamin Gwynn Fowke: Yes. Well, it's a great question. And again, I just -- I harken back to Steve Fleishman's report that came out a couple of months ago, where he talked about our industry, which if you aggregate market cap of somewhere around $0.5 trillion, being responsible for this -- we want our onshore data centers, artificial intelligence, reshoring of manufacturing. And it's our industry that has to do it. And we're going to build all the transmission we possibly can. That's not easy to get built either, but we are going to have to plug in to something.  And as you know, in my former role, I'm a big advocate for renewable energy. I think it's great, particularly when it's economic. Now some of that changes over time and regionally. But to think that we don't need dispatchable generation, I mean, it's -- we need it. And I'd love to see things like SMRs and other things develop, but they're not going to happen overnight. And in the meanwhile, we can't -- we have to be willing to move forward realistically.  And yes, it's not just the carbon capture rules. I mean there's -- we're looking at all the other rules, the CCR rules, the ELG rules, which by the way, we just spent a lot of money coming into compliance on that, and that was only a couple of years ago. And now it's a completely different role, which would require different technologies.  So it's -- our industry has come so far in carbon reduction. And I think we're willing to do so much more, but it has to be with affordability, reliability and resiliency in mind. And I'm just -- I'm really passionate about that. And you never like to have to sue, but we're going to do what we have to do to defend our grid and our customers that use that grid every single day. 
Benjamin Gwynn Fowke: Yes. So when I look at those incremental loads, I mean, Ohio, within the PJM footprint, Ohio is the biggest driver of it, although Indiana is definitely getting its share. And I suspect we will have to do incremental RFPs to capture that load. I can't give you the exact timing of when that would be. 
Benjamin Gwynn Fowke: And just maybe outside of data centers, if you look down at SPP, that's a very constrained region as it is right now. They haven't seen a tremendous amount of data center growth today. It doesn't mean they won't. But in the meantime, we've got to make sure we've got adequate load to serve the load that we do know we have.  In Ohio, again, we don't have generation in Ohio, so the incremental investment will be Transmission. There's lot of talk here in Ohio in the business community, at the state level do Regulated Utilities need to be back in the generation game? I don't know. I think -- honestly, I think that would take legislation, at least from my perspective. So that we'd be assured of good recovery and potentially any kind of stranded cost risk because we've seen that play out before. Doesn't mean we're not -- we wouldn't be open to it, but it would probably require legislation.  ERCOT. ERCOT, we don't own generation, but we would obviously, need to be building a lot of transmission and ultimately needing something to plug into. 
Benjamin Gwynn Fowke: Yes. I think the -- so it would go into effect midyear, July 1, and so the annual savings that we would see this year would just about offset the severance cost. And then, of course, then on an annualized basis, '25 and beyond would benefit from that. And again, this is about -- yes, okay, I'll just stop there. 
Benjamin Gwynn Fowke: Yes. As far as the planning, I am told from our experts -- in-house experts that we don't anticipate having much of an impact on us. The grid-enhancing technologies, I'm not quite sure about that one. 
Charles Zebula: No, Steve, there'll be more capital needed, but I don't think it will be those massive 765 lines, it can take a long time to get built. We believe the team has done a lot of work on how we could accommodate that load within our footprint, working with PJM and others. And so yes, there'll be more spend, but it will be manageable and doable to the point. 
Charles Zebula: We were in the range. We expect to be in that range now. Our forecast that we review internally and with the agencies show us being in that range. So that's the plan, and we plan to defend that. 
Charles Zebula: Well, I mean -- the answer is the incremental stuff we're talking about and the incremental transmission investment, it's not included in that, but it's not going to be -- it's not going to drive that from 3 to 4. If anything, it should keep it level and perhaps even drop it a bit.   Obviously, there's other things that go into that other inflationary factors, supply chain pressures, et cetera. But as I mentioned, this -- we've done a lot of work, making sure that the incremental investment that we would need to make over the forecast 5-year time frame is actually at a level that is accretive, if you will, to keeping customer rates affordable. And that's why I'm very confident of moving forward with it. 
Charles Zebula: Yes. Carly, it's just mainly the ramp rates of the customers that have hooked up, have come on more rapidly than we anticipated. And so that's why you're seeing those big bumps in commercial load, as we go through the quarters here. 
Charles Zebula: No, Nick, it's a good question. I mean, look, as we said earlier, right? We're formulating, right, the changes to our plan and how ultimately, right, how financing is going to affect that.  You are right. We have $400 million in equity this year, followed by $800 million in equal amounts in the following 2 years. So I think the point that I tried to make earlier on FFO to debt, look, we're going to defend our BBB credit. Right? We're going to maintain a strong balance sheet. So as we put out additional capital forecast, I think, you could assume, right, that strong balance sheet is going to remain intact. So just kind of wait for that update on CapEx, and you should be able to figure that out pretty clearly. 
Charles Zebula: Yes. So Jeremy, about half of that will normalize throughout the year and the other half is onetime. Things that happened in '23 that won't happen again in '24. So it's a true increase. 
Charles Zebula: Well, as Ben mentioned, we would consider everything. Everything is on the table. But I think the underlying tenet is that we will defend our BBB credit. 
Charles Zebula: Yes. So thanks for the question, Paul. So that stand-alone ratemaking for tax purposes has really been on our radar for some time now. Really kind of results from some of our affiliates today generate taxable income and others generate tax losses, which has really kind of created the issue for us.  And really, kind of compounding that is our significant capital program over the last 5 years, as well as bonus depreciation has extended that dynamic. So we were concerned that if we did not address that, we may have a normalization issue. So we asked the IRS for a private letter ruling. Interestingly, some of our jurisdictions support the stand-alone approach, either in legislation or in their own rate making. And other utilities also endorsed and use the stand-alone approach as well.  So we received the PLRs in the first quarter. And the PLR really kind of boil down to 4 key facts. One is the stand-alone NOL must be included in rate base. The second, which addressed the gain in our adjustment from GAAP to operating is that the NOL must be included in the calculation of excess ADIT.  So that reduced the overall regulatory liability for excess ADIT, which, of course, was created due to tax reform. And then any adjustment to offset the NOL would constitute a normalization violation. So we took corrective action. We're glad that we did to avoid a normalization violation. And our plan now is to work with regulators to make the appropriate adjustments to rates so that we can include that going forward. 
