Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. So, Claire (24:43), we continue to look at other opportunities where we have the renewables projects in Ohio, for example. We obviously continue that process. There will be other opportunities, but tax reform is certainly – has certainly changed some of the economics of some of these projects, particularly with lower capacity factors. So, we'll continue to look for opportunities to replace it. But remember, Wind Catcher was incremental to our base plan. So – and our base plan obviously supports the 5% to 7% growth rate in the investment in transmission and other areas in our regulated companies. So, with Wind Catcher, obviously, we'll continue to look at not only options. If Wind Catcher were not to happen, there'll still be opportunities for those kinds of resources to be applied through our resource plans in those particular states, so – but obviously, don't want to miss the opportunity for Wind Catcher because it's a great way to deal with the resource plans in all of those states at one time rather than independently with perhaps less efficient projects. So, we'll continue to take a look at it.
Nicholas K. Akins: There seem to be some confusion about whether Wind Catcher was required for us to continue with our 5% to 7% long-term growth rate. The answer to that is no, it's not required to do that. Our base plan is built around 5% to 7% and Wind Catcher was incremental. We just wanted to make sure that that was abundantly clear and that people weren't looking across the cliff and expecting something different regardless of the outcome. Now, if we get it, that's great. But if we don't, well, okay, we'll move forward with our plan.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. My going-in assumption is we need both of those approvals, because these are regulated jurisdictions and that's where the needs are. And so, our – certainly, our strong preferences for that project is sized based upon the wind farm that's in existence with the transmission line and to do something different than that would be suboptimal so, we're really focused on making sure that all of the jurisdictions approve it.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah, Ali. Already – we've already started with right of way. We've also done other construction-related activities because we don't have time. And so, your question is a very fair question, though, from an investor standpoint. We cannot afford to continue to allow this thing to languish given construction has started, the company is incurring expenses associated with it, our supply contracts. And I think it's probably known now that the target dates for ordering long lead time equipment and that kind of thing through these major contracts was around that August 6 timeframe, and we were able to negotiate and look at the project plans and do a deep dive in terms of what we could possibly do. And that's where the end of August came from. So – and in deference to the commissions – and both commissions, certainly, it appeared Chairman Murphy wanted to take more time, and Chairman Walker wanted to take more time, wished they had more time. Well, we tried to accommodate that by the additional time necessary to get past – I know there's a lot going on with election season and all kinds of things occurring. So, we're saying the end of August and that's where we're at. And for us to go beyond that is going to be extremely difficult with major commitments of these large capital items and that's just not going to happen without the approvals necessary. So – and it's not because we're trying to be – just trying to make sure the commissions are pushed in a very hard fashion. That's not what we're trying to do; it's that we're getting pushed. And it's unfortunate that we didn't have several years to evaluate this project, but the PTC is the 100% value. The PTC, we're trying to secure for the customer benefits and we've got to be able to finish the project in time to enable that to happen. I mean, it's a 60% off-sale, and if you don't want to take advantage of it, then just tell us. And I think that's basically what I've been saying to the commissions. We've offered this opportunity and it is a real, distinct and positive opportunity, but we need an answer and we need an answer by the end of August and certainly, from the – you bring up the elements of risk as well from a deal parameter perspective. We've been in negotiations with parties in all of these states and you're seeing the culmination of multiple sets of negotiations with varied parties and I think we've round up with the best balance we possibly could. So, I'm hopeful that the commissions will look at that and look at the track record and look at what we're trying to do and keep in mind we're spending money to get an answer to help customers. And so, we're fine with doing that because it's a really great opportunity in our opinion and we're intent on trying to provide as much benefit as we can to our customers and that's what we're focused on. So, I hope that answers the question.
Nicholas K. Akins: And it also means – and you're exactly right on that the deal parameters. We saw the sense of urgency. So, when we sent the letter into the commission, it was really responsive because really the discussion had been around 103% on the cost gap, while SPS was 102.5%, so we changed it to a 102.5%. I mean – and it's those things that Chairman Walker was bringing up. Okay, we said, we were going to match up the SPS, then we had the hold harmless provisions. It went even beyond. And I think that – and that was really responsive to her and her concerns and there are other commissioners' as well, and of course, the Oklahoma Commissioner's too. So, we put our best foot forward to say, this is the parameters of what a deal would look like. And I would say that – and I had mentioned this earlier in my comments, and I guess it was on purpose – but there is – you can play around with the edges, but the main parameters of the deal have been discussed for, really, for a year now. And with multiple parties and those provisions are pretty well-defined. So, for us to take on more risk beyond those parameters is not likely to happen either. So, I guess, I'm just saying, we sort of cut to the chase. And we cut to the chase based on the responses of the – what the commissioners were telling us and we put our best foot forward. So, it's – so our best foot forward is there from a parameter perspective. Our best foot forward is there from a timing perspective. And what I've said all along, we need an answer. And back to Ali's question of, we've had pressure on our stock. Well, because no one knows exactly where we're taking this and I'm just – guess I'm just reinforcing to you that we're about to take this to a closing, one way or another. Because we've got to get on with other decisions to be made relative to enhancing our shareholders value and that's what we're going to do.
Nicholas K. Akins: I think, actually – I think we've made a lot of progress from an Oklahoma standpoint just because of the dialogue that we've been having relative to the Wind Catcher case. And the dialogue that we've had post-rate case environments and pre-rate case environments. I think the issues are becoming more known from an Oklahoma perspective. And I think we've done a really good job of trying to do the best we possibly can for Oklahoma customers. And I think that's starting to get recognized and I really believe that we have the real potential of being on an upward trajectory as it relates to PSO because of – and I can tell you that there has been a lot of discussion post-rate cases and that kind of thing, but the kind of discussions we've had relative to Wind Catcher and really the stretch that we've put in here to try to do the best we can for Oklahoma customers is not going unrecognized. And so – and as I mentioned earlier, there will be another rate case filing in the third quarter in Texas and in Oklahoma. And that will be – I think that will be sort of a new beginning and one where we can really look at the issues in Oklahoma. I think there's a better understanding of the issues and I think we have some great commissioners there that really understand what the issues are. So, we're hopeful that we can make progress there.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah, I don't know the answer to that. I think there's probably, in my mind, a couple of options. One is that the commission does decide to vote on the arrangement based on the input that we provided. The other option, probably could be more likely, would be that – Chairman Walker had talked about coming up with a list of questions and we responded to the ones we knew of. There may be other questions. So, there could be questions answered and then there's two weeks, I think, two weeks from then, is another commission hearing. So, whether we're on the docket or not, I don't know, but there is opportunities now that we've given to the end of August for that kind of thing to occur. So, that's up to the commission. But that's sort of the way that – the two alternatives that I see. I'd rather have them approve it at (41:25) Thursday. That'd be great.
Nicholas K. Akins: That's correct. I think you could see, I mean, obviously, with the integrated resource plans that we followed, you may see smaller projects develop in some fashion but they could be renewables, may not be renewables. So, you really – but you won't see another Wind Catcher-like project because that one has – that one's very unique in its scope and scale and the benefits provided. And so, it's – you're probably moving to either less efficient type of opportunities and there certainly will continue to develop those kinds of options. But keep in mind, you should look at AEP as a 5% to 7% foundational growth stock with all these little incremental opportunities.
Nicholas K. Akins: Angie, you should be involved with our strategy sessions because there's no question that this industry is changing dramatically and we recognize that at some point in time transmission will essentially saturate in some fashion, but that horizon is really a decade out. Because in the U.S., which is – I really talk a lot to the people at RWE Energy, Ineo, (44:53) other areas of Europe as well. And they're much more compartmentalized, but they're also, from a renewables perspective, the renewables are starting to slow down somewhat, at least large scale renewables. But in the U.S., that's still developing. And what we have to think about, though – and you're exactly right – as you bridge from the transmission-related investment, we see the incoming growth strategy around the innovation on the Distribution side. So, in the past, if you think about the way we've been investing, a huge amount of what we invested 5, 10 years ago was generation-related, then it became transmission-related. Now, you're seeing the continued development of transmission. And then, eventually, that will saturate but the growing part of it now is the distribution investment at the operating companies focused on bringing about the – effectuating the new technologies and development associated with either distributor resources, Big Data analytics, all the optimization activities going on. Those are clearly opportunities for us in the future. And that's why we're so focused on the customer and focused on making sure that that we are able to deliver those types of technologies where we're part of – we're the only U.S. utility that's part of an international consortium that does, essentially, a shark tank around the world. And I just got back from California where there were 2,000 start-ups that were evaluated, and it was called down to a list of 15. We're doing pilots with four of them, at least, at this point, and that's where the future is starting to develop. So, you're exactly right. And the way we see it is bending the O&M curve is a big part of what we're doing, because, obviously, with optimization, efficiencies, digital experiences, all those types of things in order (47:04) to that benefit, but the capitalization will continue to be transmissioned and then you'll see an emerging distribution component of it as well. So, as far as the eye can see, we're in a great shape from an investment standpoint because of that transition.
Nicholas K. Akins: And there are things that, that we – we usually use weather as an opportunity to move O&M. So, you could see some O&M move that was in 2019 to 2018 (49:13) or that kind of thing, we typically do that on a regular basis, because we do want to show that certainty and consistency around 5% to 7% in our earnings guidance. Now, you can only do that to a certain extent, right? So, if you do wind up with the rest of the year or like the first part of the year, then who knows how much you can absolutely – that you can do? But our view is really that credibility around the guidance that we put out in making sure that we can deliver on that regardless of what's going on with weather as we demonstrated last year, and then continue that as we go forward. So, we'll – and as Brian said, typically, we wait for third quarter to determine what the future holds in terms of guidance.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. We've already done it. We already done sort of a major housecleaning. So, we're a pretty pristine stock and when you – now, that being said, we're always looking at ways to optimize our portfolio and – but you also have to look at the uses, right? So, we have a lot of sources, we have a lot of uses. And so – and certainly our balance sheet is strong, so we can do a lot of things. But obviously, they're all centered upon ensuring that we are able to deliver on the guidance and the growth rates that we've laid out, and that's why we show – you can – and this sort of comes and goes. I mean, you can have a jurisdiction or a state jurisdiction that says, okay, it's suffering and maybe we should do something. Well, it takes a little time to really figure out, is that a – just a systemic problem or do we need to do something about it? But that's really the way we look at it. I mean, it is portfolio management, but its smart portfolio management around the delivery expectations around our growth rate and our guidance.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. So, all of the jurisdictions have a hold harmless provision, so – and that's really the key part of it. I mean, every adjustment we make is not just an adjustment in that jurisdiction, it's adjustment across the board. So, that's why we have to be particularly careful from a risk perspective and that's why we've laid out in the letter what our expectation is. And then, FERC customers are obviously treated differently because of their own arrangements, but that's really the way it works.
Nicholas K. Akins: Well, I think, certainly, election season in Oklahoma is pretty distracting. And also, you have some parties in the states, like the Attorney General in Oklahoma, that they did a settlement – they call it a settlement deal, I don't know what it is. But with the staff that had provisions that were – they were way off base. So, a lot of discussion about that. And I think there's just a lot of confusion out there and sometimes you focus so much on the margins of what could happen to this and could happen to that, it's almost like finishing up a contract versus looking at the amazing benefits across the board that are out there. So, you're getting hung up in a lot of that kind of dialogue. And then, in Texas, you've got the industrials and others that now, the – (54:38) at least the attorney for the industrials that – using different gas forecast and all that kind of stuff and it sort of confuses the parties that are listening. So, when you get past all of that, and you get just to the facts, then I think we'll be in much better shape.
Brian X. Tierney: Yeah. So, let me answer the first one, Claire (26:29). We keep getting questions about how solid our go-forward plan is and what's the ability to keep investing it organically in our own businesses and we wanted to provide some clarity to that to show that we have plenty of runway to invest organically in our own system, primarily in the wires side of the business with some regulated and contracted renewables as well. So, people are asking, how long can you keep doing that for? And we wanted to provide some clarity. It's out there and we have plenty of runway to keep doing that and felt that the disclosure at this time might be helpful to people as they think about our stock.
Brian X. Tierney: Yeah. So, we've given that – we've given the detail around it through 2020. Now, we're giving an incremental year, but we see that 5% to 7% growth rate as far as we can see.
Brian X. Tierney: Yeah. So, you know what a big swing for us the third quarter is and there are big items that will be ins and outs. I think Nick talked about some of the expenses that we're having with Wind Catcher as we go forward in time. It doesn't make sense for us to change the guidance at this point. The way we see it, we're still inside that range that we've identified, and if there's any change to that, we'd likely be making that after the third quarter.
