Nicholas Akins: Dan, clearly we were looking at the capacity auctions to look at the long-term value generation. The supplemental auctions are by and large sum of the risk-adjusted items and filler in for 2016 and 17 during those years, but in particular 2016. If those supplemental auctions continue to occur before certainly before in September, October time for an even then we will have a good handle on what we 16 looks like. But the base residual auction is clearly the important one in terms of long-term valuation of generation and we continue to expect those valuations to improve. Our board has been along with us all along the way. As a matter fact we had a board meeting with them this week. And when over the issues involved and the primary issue was the upcoming auctions that would be a large part of presenting to us our options relative to the strategic valuation of generation. That is the key component. As far as the PPA is concerned that will continue on. It's really hard to tell when the pew co-will focus on that. I would say that we continue to push for the PPA obviously but the main determinant right now with the board is the capacity auction. Once we get that we will have a major data point for the board and we can continue our process of the strategic evaluation.
Nicholas Akins: We pulled some already the sequential beyond what we did last year. It's around 14 million. It's getting harder and harder to do that obviously. You can pull some input you cannot pull everything in. I'm seeing that as more limited right now.
Nicholas Akins: There is a lot of color here. We have a lot of incremental spending that we can do in transmission. Right now transmission you think about it we have over 2000 projects going on right now. And those are small projects and larger projects in all that kind of thing. But it shows the bandwidth of what transmission is doing with look at the investment profile for transmission particularly for AEP in it continues to be - it's a huge footprint that we are able to invest in from Transco perspective and from an individual operating company perspective. We mentioned this last time. Just the rehabilitation of the existing grid we are challenged to keep up without that alone put an additional enhancements and we really want to do that because it improves the quality of service ultimately to our customers. And so we have a lot of runway left a lot to transmission. No question about it.
Nicholas Akins: Sure. Obviously it depends upon what the final rule looks like. If you look at the categories - if you're having to adjust natural gas dispatch versus call dispatch example that is one thing. That ultimately impacts the fuel cost to customers. As a result when you do that kind of switching, but in terms of infrastructure, we've made the plan - our initial approach to this is going to be we get the final rule and if the EPA is fully aware of the issues involved from a reliability standpoint but also from a implementation standpoint and if they wind up being respectful to the state of the resource process that they go through and allow time for that to occur and targets are more rational instead of - 11 states have over 75% of the requirement in 2020 and many states there's over 50% of requirement in 2020. That has to change. It's too early and it is too aggressive emission reduction targets. If they come off of that and have a rational plan to allow technology to continue to improve and we can actually wind up at a better place at the end of the day in 2030 then that would be a good outcome. In that case we could be able to work with the state. They obviously care about what we think in terms of liability standpoint and the infrastructure that we put in place and how quickly we can do it and that kind of thing. But it is a state plans. And the states have to have time to review those plans and then we start taking actions based upon or our individual states want us to go. In my mind it depends upon certainly the president because the president is driving the bus on this thing. And the EPA obviously is looking at the issues - all the issues involved and if there is moderation associated with the targeted implementation and being respectful of the state process that need to occur and the infrastructure and timing of infrastructure and having reliability provisions that make sense, then we can get about the process of investing from an AP perspective. We're in the middle of a transformation anyway. The industry is in the middle of a transformation. We've already reduced our emissions by 15% since 2005. And that process continuing with the advent of natural gas shale gas activity in the advent of renewables putting in solar and doing wind farms, but energy efficiency and better technologies are coming into play as well. There are real opportunities for us to invest in the right things for the future and actually balance out our energy portfolio which is a good thing for this company and the country as a matter fact.
Nicholas Akins: Yes that's right. We be working with the states to file the resource plans and then we was start the actions associated with it. This is a little different than the March reroll per customer approval was planned specific endpoint specific the new index we need to do. This it has got tentacles in many aspects of the electric utility business itself. And it will take some dialogue and serious dialogue and contemplation of how to address these types of issues to me state jurisdictional perspective. And will be a part of that process will follow our resource plan and we will go from there, just like we always have.
Nicholas Akins: When you go into forecasting a year you are looking at what loads doing and obviously load is moving around on us. The customer mix is moving around on us. Capacity auctions were contemplated whether PPA would occur during that period of time and then of course looking at any transmission investment and those kinds of things that we need to evaluate. Those are important pieces but I think probably [indiscernible] thing we can do is come up with a plan and budget that risk-adjusted many of these items and some of them are externally driven. Significantly externally driven like the capacity auctions and the PPAs approach in Ohio. So as we go forward in the year, we obviously like to get more information that we can make - really make a quality forecast of what 2016 looks like. I think made a lot of progress. Because we know what we've done relative to the continuous improvement enhancements that have occurred that crescendo over time. And we expect that in our benefit in 2016. These external items are more difficult to tell and really what happened last night is another indication of how things can get adjusted at the last minute. So it's difficult to scale but I think in the next two 22 to 3 months we will see a lot of clarity.
Nicholas Akins: Yes absolutely. We've been moving costs from 2016 into 2015 and 2014. And now we're reaching the point of conclusion where we understand those cost components going into the year. It really is about load forecast and ladies external issues that we are doing with. But those will play themselves out in the next couple of months.
Nicholas Akins: Obviously the answer is rate environment. We continue to deal with and certainly with Janet Yellen is trying to do with interest rates in the future. Might have an impact but as far as the sector itself and our performance within that sector, we feel very good about the past that we're taking and that is to take risks out of our business. And to make sure that we are able to invest in those things that provide quality returns to our shareholders. And. That is what we control. And we have to be very disciplined at it and there may be external things that occur around the world or nationally that could impact it but typically though even if you look at commodity prices I think where we're at right now is somewhat of a tenuous economy because we see residential commercial and industrial moving back and forth all during the year. It's like you're in a waiting stage. Who knows what will happen but you could have and energy economy take off or you could have an energy economy that stagnates but these based on public policy whether you exporting or we two other things. It would have an impact on the commodities themselves. And I think it's important for us to be knowledgeable about those kinds of issues so that we can manage our business around aggressiveness met shoulders consistent returns. And that's what we're doing.
Nicholas Akins: It's to be within those targets, Steve. Part of that rationale is why we increased the CapEx for the balance of the year and of course will be looking at what we expect those metrics to be in 2016. And adjusting our apex forecast accordingly.
Nicholas Akins: I think we covered that during the meat of the call to a large degree. Rate increases and whether were stronger than what we had forecasted. The regulated businesses are doing very well and the competitive businesses are doing about as well as last year. Cash flow is ahead of expectation and you put all of those things together in that gives us the confidence to raise the operating earnings guidance and raise the CapEx that we talked about
Nicholas Akins: They are trying to stay in a hedged position of about 60% -70%. I think they've done that to pretty good effect really since early last year when the business started. And that allows them to do a couple things. Allows them to hedge in what some of the earnings are going to be at prices that they find attractive and they do that through both retail - they also auction they have to serve FFO vote and their normal trading activity. But then it also leads them with an open position to take advantage of what could be higher prices like they have during the Polar Vortex sees of last year. Take advantage of that. And to cover things like unit outages or load spikes or price spikes that can happen in the short term. They don't want to be sold out and fully committed. They want to have a significant portion hedged and a portion to cover from on expected short-term opportunities
Nicholas Akins: The assets that Chuck has in that business are great assets and the risk management they've applied to that is this has been phenomenal through some really pretty volatile circumstances over the last year and half. We really proud of the way they are managing that business and they've done it very to good effect financially.
Nicholas Akins: I wouldn't say that's presumptuous. I really believe we have taken substantial amount of capacity that's been retired and we believe that capacity prices will improve.
Nicholas Akins: The process we're going through terms of valuation continues. That's really all that we can report at this point.
Nicholas Akins: It just looks like it is some continued delay really. We don't seem to be getting answers or schedules or the things we need to be able to get the answers we're looking for. They seem to be putting some of the decisions further out into the future and as Nick said we need some clarity and we don't seem to be getting it.
Nicholas Akins: Yes. Usually we review the dividend policy in the October timeframe and our board certainly will be considering the dividend policy. We still maintain our 60% to 70% range we stated earlier and the dividend will be commensurate with the earnings profile looks like. We stand by that. There's no reason to see it will change but obviously we look at the baseline of the business and with the forward long-term view would looks like and the board will reevaluate and do that in October timeframe.
Nicholas Akins: My bet would be no impact because Governor. Kasich obviously has confidence in the commission and certainly Andre Porter is chairman has taken over there and my belief is that he is going to leave it to the commission to decide what this Ohio policy looks like. I don't see his running for office of the president to slow things down. I guess the real question is will the PCO actually speed up? That is something that they need to address.
Nicholas Akins: Only they can answer that. It's one thing to have one delay but to have delays of several cases occurring, that's really not a good message. And to said energy policy in the state, you've got to have the courage to step up and make a decision.
Nicholas Akins: I think certainly the capacity performance and the base residual auctions are significant piece of that discussion. We're going to have to see - what the lay of the land is after that is concluded to visit with our board and determine what the next steps are. But that doesn't stop us from pushing ahead with the PPA proposals regardless of the outcome. But certainly I think Ohio could send a great message by proving those PPAs. It remains to be seen whether we're going to actually wait. This can't go on for a long time. We're after certainty for our investors and from a shelter perspective, we cannot have this overhang because it really not only confuses us on how to invest in the unregulated generation or lack of investment, but it also is so convoluted that it is difficult to understand exactly what it is you have in terms of valuation of that generation. And so the steps being taken particularly with the clean power plan and other things that are occurring I think those units will survive the clean power plan because there absolutely needed. They are great units and they are 2/3.1/3 gas. A lot of fuel switching occurs between coal and gas. So they are valuable units but they just need to be reflected that way. I just think it's something we've got to get a handle on. As far as timing is concerned, we want to make that decision as quickly as we possibly can. But we have to do what is right for the shareholders and we have to do on analysis based upon what we can determine the best we can with the value of that generation on the forward basis will be. If you get a great capacity performance number, then that may diminish the need for PPA. But I still think PPA is needed. It's an important part of the hedging for customers in Ohio. It's important part of that generation being maintained in Ohio with the jobs taxes and everything else I've talked about. We're not going to - we have not and will not give up on the PPA approach with the commission. They need to answer that question. It would be great if the answered it relatively quickly so we can get on with the business at hand. But certainly those two items are still outstanding and we're hopeful that at least one of them will get resolved very quickly, so that we can start filling in the blanks.
Nicholas Akins: We don't believe there is a constraint because the real value of the PPA is again to maintain the generation in Ohio and make sure that economically there is still there and regardless of the outcome of the disposition of that business.
Nicholas Akins: We don't know that yet. We've all these events look at things like the tax efficiency and other parameters before we can really make a decision on sale versus spin. Or for that matter keep but certainly sale and spin which you mentioned. Those are areas where we have to look at the economics and it depends on - you've got to be offered a sale price that overcomes the tax efficiency of the spin and there is other things involved with it from a business perspective as well. I would say both are still part of the decision process.
Nicholas Akins: I don't anyone knows what the load forecast is at this point and certainly we don't know the level of investment needed from a transmission perspective. We are in the process of redefining this electric grid. And we have retirements that occurred on one of the transmission has been built because of the retirements but also there continues to be optimization across the grid as a result of their will be more optimization after the clean power plan gets resolved. The changes occurring in PJM now are more about generation and certainly reliability and less so about load. And so I wouldn't put much context in terms of a forward-looking transmission plant. We've seen over and over how transmission plans change with varying degrees and sometimes we get irritated by that because we plan transmission like PATH and things happen. But if you look at the underlying fundamentals of transmission, the grids is changing dramatically. The flows on the grid are going to change dramatically. So when you look at the four power transmission system you can be bullish about that and then the underlying which you mentioned the lower KV levels be some transmission and those levels, there is a massive amounts of rehab work and follow-up work to forward purchasers and at least be done. And we happen to have the largest transmission system in the country so that bodes well for the investment potential for AEP.
Nicholas Akins: Yes we will know soon. I think certainly PJM will have to speak about the ins and outs of that but we suspect it will be within maybe a month or three weeks delay or something like that. I don't think it's a substantial thing. Still have to observe the same performance criteria when they did in. I think it should be a large delay.
Nicholas Akins: I don't know about that. They will have to answer that obviously but I don't think we're talking about moving into fourth quarter or anything.
Nicholas Akins: Paul, at this point is worth evaluating. I think everything would be on the table. We wouldn't say no to that if we felt that was the highest value for our shareholders.
Nicholas Akins: Obviously the PUCO I speak for supplement issue but it is a major issue. You can't get around that. I'm sure there's a lot of deliberations occurring over in their camp and it's part of the regulatory process. Many times I think it support for policymakers to understand the business disruptions that occur relative to either waiting for decisions or not making decisions let alone the wrong decisions. We really do need some consistency and delivering on orders and rulings on a timely basis. I think it's particularly important to the industry and particularly important to electric utilities in Ohio.
Nicholas Akins: I don't think there's been a significant shift or anything. I think there's a lot of dialogue going on. We have dialogue going on these issues in the Ohio business Roundtable and the close partnership and of course at the commission as well. It is an important issue but I haven't sensed a change. I think it's a very deliberative approach.
Brian Tierney: Yet another big driver is that PJM capacity revenue declined $0.35 almost all that is in the back half of the year. Five cents of that was in second quarter but the remaining $0.30 is back half of the year.
Brian Tierney: And even with all those factors that make mentioned, Steve, as with that we 16 we're still into the operating earnings guidance range that we’ve given for that previously of $3.45 to $3.85 per share.
Brian Tierney: A lot of this is about making sure that the business is on firm and sound financial footing so that we can make continual judgments about where he put our capital. And we have this huge hedge out there called transmission that we are able to essentially do acquisitions all-time. And it's a good place to be but at the same time we improved our currency value we improved our position from a risk tolerance perspective. And it is an opportunity for us to reposition this company for the future. We just retired 3500 MW of coal-fired generation. So you are starting to see a rebalancing of the portfolio to address what customers truly want in terms of resources we believe a balanced set of resources is important including cold but we've got to get through the process of ensuring that we're advancing from the other technologies and addressing customers concerns relative to quality of service and that's what we're doing.
Brian Tierney: About $80 million of that will go to the Transco and remainder will go to the integrated utility operating companies.
Brian Tierney: And the continuous improvement activities, they are starting to culminate across the Board. So it's cost control, it's certainly the underlying fundamentals of the business are very positive and it gives us the confidence to raise the earnings.
Brian Tierney: Chuck and his team continually evaluate that but the 60 to 70% has been a target for a very long time now. It's for that reason - we are risk-averse from that standpoint because that business is really focused on making sure it continues to be an airtight business that has like I said earlier, Easton a great job of compartment slicing the risk. And that is a part of that ability for them to do that.
Brian Tierney: Really when we look at it's not internally what the issues are because we can control what happens all to have Power Generation operates from operational excellence perspective. And how we manage risk within that envelope. The real issue is what happens outside with the regulatory commissions, FERC, Ohio and elsewhere. But certainly yesterday was another indication. Markets moving toward a certain set of conditions for the auction and it gets changed at the 11th hour and that is a concern because you never know what the rules of the game are and they can change at the last minute or change afterwards. And that is troubling. I think consistency - we have consistency internally. It's consistency externally that we need.
Brian Tierney: I don’t know far you can delay these things. It's an issue where there needs to be an answer and I'm just concerned that we are either waiting until after the capacity auctions or whatever. Ohio needs to be concerned about - yesterday was another indication if you're going to depend upon from the federal side to address the market issues that changes will occur that you didn't - you may not anticipate. And I think from a generation perspective we've got to make sure that Ohio continues to develop and certainly with the natural gas out there that nothing will happen until there is some resolution so you're in a hold pattern. We're not going to make any investments in central station generation in Ohio. I have not seen many others step up to the plate. I know there's maybe one or two units that are being built out there but keep in mind you've retired thousands and thousands of megawatts and you're short in Ohio. And so the delays need to come to an end.
Brian Tierney: Our transmission spend and forecast is not dependent on a RTEP load forecast. I would not put a lot of stock in a RTEP load forecast anyway.
Brian Tierney: I think we haven't closed off on any of these parameters that we keep talking about because frankly we don't have the full answers yet.
Brian Tierney: I think on the customer usage side a large part of what is driving residential in particular is customer counts. We are seeing average customer usage hang in there. We're not seeing decreased to the degree some others are. But it is customer count that is driving it. I've been this job for five and half years maybe more and I've been talking about 5.3 million customers that whole time. I'm finally through to be able say we're rounding at 5.4 million customers. Customer counts particularly in the West helping us out. It's largely driven by is not the talk about macro factors but a lot of it is shale gas and with the economy are doing well. We are seeing increased usage. In places like Kentucky Power that is being particularly hard-hit by mining shutdowns in the like we're seeing customer counts decrease and used down. It really does unfortunately follow the macroeconomic factors that we are seeing and we are blessed to have the shale gas plays in our service areas and that's really driven a lot of the load increases that we've seen.
