Ben Fowke: Well, this is Ben. And I can tell you that I don't think I would use the word broken. I think there's areas where we can do better. I think -- and I think we showed you in the script, many of the accomplishments we made. We also recognize that we can do better on getting constructive regulatory outcomes. So strategically, our priorities remain the same. We have completed, as we mentioned, a review of Transource. We want to keep that asset. We think it's a great asset. And I think given the various changes that FERC is looking at, I think it gives us a lot of optionality. We'll continue to be very disciplined portfolio managers. I said it on my scripted remarks, but always willing to transact where price and the ability to execute intersect, and that's a key point. And finally, though, if you step back, I think one of the ways you add value in this industry long term is by placing CapEx at one times book, investing in CapEx at one times book and getting constructive recovery of that. And again, we've done pretty good on that, but we can do better. And we're going to look at the people, the process and the planning that goes into that. Those constructive outcomes, and we're going to do it through the lens of what's important to our local leaders and stakeholders.  Extremely important that we keenly listen to what they want and what they need at a local level. And I think you can translate that then to a much better chance for success, and then you get into that virtuous circle where invested capital not only is good for customers and the communities, but good for shareholders as well. So that's the plan going forward.
Ben Fowke: Well, I think there's areas where we have improvement, but I will turn it over to Peggy and/or Chuck to elaborate on that.
Ben Fowke: Well, it's definitely an external search. I'll start with that. And I don't want to narrow down to any specific background, but ideally -- and by the way, I think we're going to get a very robust list of candidates. So AEP is a great company with great assets. And I think it's going to be an attractive destination for many, many talented people. So I think it's going to be great to pick from that talent.  Ideally, you get a -- somebody that is a seasoned executive in the utility industry, is well known in the investor community. I think that's extremely important, has great leadership qualities. We've got a lot of talent at AEP, and we want to develop that talent. And ultimately, it would be ideal if they have multi-jurisdictional experience and the ability to achieve regulatory success.  Those are -- that's a big wish list. But again, I think we're going to get a lot of great candidates.
Ben Fowke: Yeah. I really just will probably just rehash what we've said in the press release and in our scripted remarks. I mean the Icahn -- additional board members came after discussions with the Icahn team and the AEP team. We actually welcome their perspective. They share the opinion as we do that AEP shares are undervalued, and we want to work together to unleash shareholder value. Regarding Julie's departure, I mean, I really can't go into any more details than what we've already said. It was a full board decision after discussions with Julie, and we decided that the best path forward is to transition to a new CEO. We're going to continue to work hard to deliver shareholder value. I think the Icahn board members will give us a fresh perspective as we pursue those goals.
Ben Fowke: Well, we really like the assets we have, okay? We've completed the strategic reviews, but I mean, the price -- we're going to continue to look for opportunities to do the right thing for our shareholders. But I think we're in a -- an enviable position, that the assets we have can also achieve our strategic goals.  And Chuck mentioned where we are with FFO to debt and those targets. So I think we're in a pretty good position, quite honestly. So again, as I said before, not to be redundant, but I guess it will be. We'll be good portfolio managers, and we'll continue to be open to transactions if the price is right and the ability to execute is viable. But in the meantime, we're going to do the blocking and tackling that in the long term, gets you the result that -- results that you're going to want to see.
Ben Fowke: Yeah. I mean I think, first of all, we'll take our time, and we'll find the absolute best successor permanent successor that we can. I think as part of that process, we obviously will have the strategic discussions. I mean, I think the board is very comfortable with our strategy and our strategic priorities. I suspect that the ultimate permanent successor CEO will also be comfortable with those strategies and perhaps can figure out a better way to execute on them. That would be the goal. But we're not looking at a complete dismantling of our strategic priorities.
Ben Fowke: Well, I mean -- and I'll let Chuck -- this is Ben. I'll let Chuck augment what I'm going to say, which is pretty much what I said before. Transmission is a great asset. And we are, obviously, the largest transmission provider in the United States, and we like that position. We will be open to things that make sense that would do even better for shareholders. But we don't feel compelled we have to do anything. So I think that puts us in a better position as we move forward.  Chuck, I don't know if you want to add to that.
Ben Fowke: Well, I'm going to turn it over to Peggy, who is the point on that. But this -- it isn't like this is something we're just initiating. This is something that I've heard discussed as a board member at the board level. It's something I'm going to get very much involved in with Peggy. We've got a good team, but we're going to have to -- we'll make sure that we do what we need to do to get better outcomes in the future.  And I mean, there's a lot of blocking and tackling, that really behind the scene stuff that goes into the actual processing, executing and planning of a rate case. And it gets really down in the weeds pretty quickly, but those things add up. Peggy, I'll turn it over to you.
Ben Fowke: The biggest opportunity so far have been in Ohio and Texas. And in our forecast, for our 5-year plan, we have included the capital needed to serve those customers. If there is incremental growth beyond that, it would be an opportunity that we'd have to evaluate and figure out how we would smartly finance it. And meet the generation needs that come with it. Yeah.
Ben Fowke: Well, I mean, you're right. There's like -- I think there's 5.3 million shares that -- something like that that Icahn holds. And we had discussions with Icahn. And we settled on the two incremental board seats and advisory position.  I think back to Julie, I'll just repeat what I said. This was a full board decision after discussions with Julie and the board, and we determined it was best for AEP to transition to a new CEO. So you can read what you want into that, but I think I'm just going to just keep it as it is. It's a full board decision, and you need the full board to make a decision to remove the CEO.
Ben Fowke: I'm going to turn it over to Peggy and Chuck in a minute, Sophie. But I mean, we're always going to look to put capital where we can get the best returns. There's baseline capital that you need to do to make sure that you never compromise resiliency, reliability or safety. So we -- but apart from that, I think it gets back to what I said. It's listening to what those local jurisdictions really want and need. And that can also shape your capital needs because, quite frankly, it can shape your regulatory outcomes. So I'll turn it over to the team if they have anything to add to that.
Ben Fowke: Yeah, I think so. It's -- the strategy is great. We just have to execute, and that's what we're keenly focused on, Paul.
Ben Fowke: Well, let me just say I'm committed to stay as long as it takes. So no shortcuts. But I can't see it being shorter than six months, and hopefully, it doesn't take more than a year. But again, it's going to -- the process will take the time it needs to take to get the absolute right candidate in place.
Peggy Simmons: I think as it relates from a regulatory perspective, I do think what we're going to do is continue to build on the constructive legislative and regulatory outcomes that we have had. We're going to further strengthen our regulatory relationships, and we're really going to be keenly focused on execution.  I think that some of the disappointments that we had in 2023, we're going to learn from them, and we're going to go back out and focus on execution from that standpoint.
Peggy Simmons: Yeah. I would just add -- and looking forward to working with Ben and talking through the regulatory strategy. We've had positive regulatory outcomes in 2023. And when we shared some of those earlier, there were some disappointments that we highlighted. But I would bring forth the legislative work that we have done, and that's going to help to address lag. We've done work that's going to help to remove some of the lag in Virginia with our biannual rate review for Virginia, where it was three years before. We're going to also look at improving on -- we said with Kentucky that it was going to be a two-step process, and we very much view that we had a constructive outcome in the order that we received earlier in January with the securitization.  So we're going to continue to build upon that. I agree, we do have a talented team, and we're just going to keep moving forward, and I look forward, again, as I said, to working with Ben on ways we can continue to improve there.
Peggy Simmons: Yeah. As it relates to -- for 2024, our ROE, we're projecting at 9.1% is what we're -- for our regulated segments. And we're going to continue to work on closing the gap, a lot of what I've already said earlier, just kind of building off with some of those legislative successes that we were able to have, reducing some of the lag from that perspective.
Peggy Simmons: I would just say, yeah, I echo Ben's comments there on -- there's a certain amount of capital we need to continue to be resilient and meet the reliability needs of our customers. And as well as from a safety perspective. Those where we have really constructive outcomes, clearly, we know in I&M, we have the forward-looking test years. We're able to continue to have that capital to allocate there to meet what those needs are. And we just continue to look at what our outcomes are by jurisdiction.
Peggy Simmons: Yeah. That was part of the review, and that is ongoing as well. So -- but Darcy can definitely give you some more information on that, if that wasn't clear enough.
Peggy Simmons: Yeah. So over our 5-year plan, we look to be typically to be in the 9.5% range. So what we're looking to do is increase by 10 basis points each year. And we think that that achieve ongoing. We continue to work through our regulatory outcomes to be able to close that gap.
Peggy Simmons: And I'll just briefly add to that. In 2023, we landed 92 new customer load additions totaling about 5-gig and adding additional jobs to our service territory. So I think that that's certainly 1 area and aspect of how we're going to help with affordability as well.
Chuck Zebula: Yeah. No, Ben, as you said, it's underpinned by the $43 billion 5-year capital plan. I'd also point to what Ben made an observation as a board member and in his opening remarks about our O&M. There's a chart in our deck that you can refer to, right? We've doubled the rate base of this company while basically keeping O&M flat over that entire 10-year period. I think that's a remarkable accomplishment and that's our plan going forward as we continue to grow this company and basically repurpose and reallocate O&M. I also talked in my remarks about the load opportunities. I tend to kind of take a measured approach to this. But we really are optimistic about the opportunities that we're seeing there. As I said, the commercial load growth is just amazing. And we're seeing some good opportunities in economic development activities in industrial as well.  And then lastly, of course, underpinning that plan is improved returns. Right? We are not earning where we need to earn, and we need to have the regulatory execution and prudency reviewed to make sure, right, that we are hitting the mark there. So I think all in all, that kind of underpins the plan going forward.
Chuck Zebula: Yeah. So I'll take the first question. Our 5-year plan is really based off the midpoint of the current year's guidance. And our plan is to grow basically on that midpoint between the 6% to 7% range with no real kind of ups and downs identified through there.  I'll let Ben answer the --
Chuck Zebula: Yeah. I think you -- we're also referring maybe to pioneer in Prairie Wind and our decision to keep those assets. The reality is, right, these contribute earnings to AEP, their attractive returns. And overall, it was really insignificant, right, to our overall financing plan if we were planning on selling those assets. So it really goes back to the root of what Ben said, as we reviewed the opportunities before us in competitive transmission and then looked at other transmission assets that we have, we -- we're embracing it. It's time for us as the leader in transmission to continue, right, to lead that space, and that's what we plan to do.
Chuck Zebula: Yeah. So thank you for that question. And our message has changed a bit there on the timing. But what I would tell you is really kind of timing is not what is most important. It's really the trend that we're on, and then it's hitting the mark of 14%. And it's the sustainability on staying in that range as we go through the 5-year plan. So let me comment on a couple of things. Right? We said we would be above 13% by year-end, and we were. And we didn't make any excuses for the soft weather that happened in 2023. Note also that 13% is the downgrade threshold at Moody's.  And second, right, the trend is very positive. Right? This quarter, we're going to have another roll off of cash collateral in Q1. I think the number is around $390 million that will come out of the 12-month average. And also, we are working on down our deferred fuel balances. And then lastly, right, we clearly show our models and review those with the agencies. Those models indicate that we would be in the range this year and be in the range over the longer term. That's what's most important, right, hitting the mark, trending in that positive direction and staying in the range.  So again, the timing, which month or which quarter is not important, it's the three things that I mentioned earlier.
Chuck Zebula: Okay. Thanks, Anthony. Our equity needs haven't changed since EEI. You may be referring to maybe an older forecast we had some months back. But what you're seeing in our deck today is consistent, right, with what we've shown at EEI.  I'll let Peggy go ahead and mark -- talk about the returns.
Chuck Zebula: Yeah, in Ohio and Texas, right? We're -- those are deregulated states. In our Indiana, Michigan territory, clearly, there would be opportunities for generation there to serve those customers.
Chuck Zebula: Yeah. Our EEI guidance, right, we kind of change the waterfall based on the actual, right? But what's in or out hasn't changed, Paul. As Ben mentioned, we're in the process that we plan to conclude here in the next several months on retail and distributed businesses. He also mentioned that we're closing NMRD today, which there'll be a benefit from that sale coming through. But everything is underpinned. Remember, too, when you look at the waterfall, we took the Generation and Marketing segment down to what we would call much more normal contributions. I'm not concerned that about the ability to take the proceeds, use them as appropriate to get that accretion as we go forward. But no, it's still the same plan, if you will, as we put out at EEI.
Chuck Zebula: Yeah. And Paul, clearly, the data center load that we're experiencing is going to create an opportunity, right, to spread fixed costs, right, along a bigger base and improve the headroom opportunity there as well.
