Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. So Paul, there's been a lot of activity associated with that. Obviously, we've been very careful as the years have gone by, and this year's no different where we look at operating top of our synergies that exist. But also from an O&M reduction standpoint, there are things that we view as -- typically, we have outages moving in and out. We have other things that occur as a result that changes the nature of the O&M spend. But we make sure that those changes are sustainable going forward. It's not a matter of us not doing something and moving it into next year. We're really focused on making sure that we're able to do it in a sustainable fashion. So what we really have done with the repositioning study is refocus that effort to say that we want to focus on process changes that enable us to make sustainable O&M reductions in the future. And the teams have focused on that -- and just to give you examples, there are areas where there's reporting things that we have done internally that over the years, reports continue to be done, they don't need to be done. Or they can be done in a consolidated fashion, the same report being produced by several business units, for example. Those are synergies that we're looking at and process changes that can occur. On the supply chain side, standardization is certainly a key for us. You'd be surprised how many pairs of gloves, 90 different pairs of gloves that we buy. So it's those kinds of things that we really focus on to try to make sure that we're getting as much O&M reduction as we can, but doing it in a sustainable fashion. Typically, I think you're going to see, on a percentage basis, roughly a 2/3 process-oriented reduction change. And then when you look at changes in spans of control, in terms of organizational realignment, those types of things, and because the process review enables less resources to be performed in one area versus another, 1/3 of that will be more resource reduction types of activities. So it's those kinds of trade-offs that were seeing. But it's very focused on the process side of things first, and then the resources fall out. The reason why we do it that way is because we want to wind up in a situation where if we're trying to expand and grow the transmission business, we want resources to be put into those capital areas where transmission can be built and also produce headroom from a rate perspective where more capital can be deployed. So that's why we're doing it. And I think it's coming along quite well.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. We expect to get something in early December on that. And I think they've given us an opportunity, obviously, because we have a very good relationship with the Arkansas Commission. And certainly, to give us an opportunity to supplement the record to do additional things, to reinforce our position is a good thing.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. Jonathan, actually, we've seen switching going back the other direction. The capacity factors of the gas units are starting to drop. The coal capacity is picking back up. For us, you get in that gas price of $3 to $3.25 per MMBtu, you're going to start that switch to -- back to coal. I think for other utilities, it's higher. But because our mines were located close to the plants and they're mainly -- coal comes in by the river and we have pretty advantageous contracts, it certainly helps us keep in that switchover price lower. So I think it's a very good proposition for us because we are able to move back and forth in that perspective and we have the contractual ability to adjust from that perspective as well. And it really says something good about the ongoing nature of our unregulated business because it will be practically 2/3 are fully controlled coal units. And as well, our gas units, 1/3 gas, will be able to take advantage of those economies as well. So...
Nicholas K. Akins: Well I think, certainly, year-over-year from a gas standpoint, I think we'll continue to see participation from a gas standpoint. I mean gas prices have gone up slightly through this timeframe, but when you look at next year, the strip is still pretty low. And you'll still see coal consumption. But I think you'll still see a conservative amount of gas consumption as well. And it also depends on whether the economy comes back the way it should to fill in the valleys.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. I think, certainly, the dark spread will be critical in that analysis, but also it's -- I think that because we do have advantageous coal pricing, and certainly, the switchover price is lower. And we also have coal units that participate very well in the market. They will have a degree of flexibility there and certainly, the flexibility in our contracting to take advantage of upward [ph] swings whether they go one way or another. So I think, certainly, from our perspective, we look at it. And our coal units are still in the money. Our gas units are clearly in the money because we have newer gas-fired units that are hot in terms of efficiency. So -- and our coal efficiency is still pretty good as well. So I think we're in a good spot there.
Nicholas K. Akins: Well, I probably can't comment on the margins, but I can tell you that we are after margins rather than volume. But as far as the integration of BlueStar, the systems integration continues and is in a good place at this point. And certainly, from the effort placed in that business, there's a consistent philosophy of BlueStar and our philosophy, which are one and the same today, that we're participating in many markets. It's not -- I mean, it certainly the Ohio market that's critical for us. But we're also participating in Illinois, Pennsylvania, Maryland and others. And that's one way in which we can hedge this generation in the future, with quality contracts, with customers across the board, so particularly in areas that we understand, like PJMI, so on and so forth. So -- and like I said, they have 150,000 customers. I think that's like a 28%, 29% increase from last quarter, and they continue to make progress. But I -- it really hasn't been a talk about volume increases because, once again, I think we're focused on the margin piece.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, because we had primary metals which is where Ormet is in. You still had approximately a 9% to 10% reduction in activity on the industrial side, so in the primary metal piece of it. Obviously, it was compensated in oil and gas activity and other things. But when you look at the industrial piece of it, we have to be concerned that either the inventories are catching up or the economy is slowing down to where they're having to drop their consumption. So we're certainly keeping an eye on that, particularly after the election.
Nicholas K. Akins: Well, certainly, we work together with the Ohio Commission on this. And we have a customer in Southeast Ohio that's 500 megawatts. I guess, with the 2 pipelines off, it's 300 megawatts. But they employ 1,000 customers -- I mean, 1,000 employees. So it's pretty important to the economy to keep them going. And certainly, the Ohio Commission has stepped up with us to try to arrange a solution, a stopgap measure to keep them going. And the deferral mechanism the commission set up for approximately $20 million on the deferral, we -- and that's certainly, for us, it's no earnings impact, but we're still deferring that.
Nicholas K. Akins: No. I think, as we said in February, know that the -- that growth rate, just by the invested capital in the regulated business, will support that 4% to 6% growth rate. So -- and that's things that we -- I think if you look at the capital allocation chart that we had, we used to have a chart in there that had the spend on each area. Much of that's block and tackling and things that we have to do. So when you look at the level of that capital spend and the earnings profile associated with that, they get you in that 4% to 6% range. So -- and then, of course, we're still working on the transmission piece and certainly, very pleased with the progression of transmission in its business case. So I think the issue for us is to define what that base start is when we give 2013 guidance. But we fully intend on the 4% to 6% rate to still be there. And of course, the dividend policy to be commensurate with the earnings growth as well.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. As we said before, we're only showing projects that we know are real. And so those numbers are still secure. And we continue to grow the transmission business. We continue to work for ways to allocate more capital in the transmission because there's a lot of projects out there. And when we refocus our staff on the indigenous projects within AEP in the service territory and things that need to get done to benefit reliability for our customers, there's a lot of work to get done. So we're happy with those numbers. And you can look at those as numbers we're going to deliver on.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. They're a little bit lower than we anticipated. But as this process moves forward, it's difficult to tell how quickly it'll move along particularly when we go to auctions and other things. So it's one of those things where there's 42% there and then there's a queue associated with people switching as well --
Nicholas K. Akins: Well -- or there's more in the queue to be processed. I mean, it's difficult to tell. But I'm sure we processed some of them, probably all of those in July, had been processed. But we just have new people in the queue.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. I think the verdict's still out of that because there's 2 issues there. One is efficiency, obviously, which Brian talked about, and the other is what happens to the economy? And it's yet to be seen, really, what the true effect is. I think you still have growth when you have energy efficiency, if you have an economy that supports the growth. But right now, the denominator continues to decrease because you have both issues occurring. And I fully agree with you, energy efficiency is here to stay. And I think the energy-efficient appliances and certainly bulb replacements, all those types of things will have an effect. But we don't know the effect of the economy in the future, and really, the further electrification of the economy that still needs to be resolved.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. I think those conversations are going very well. Certainly, there's been plenty of time, based on what we've gone through the last year for there to be a complete understanding of what we're trying to do. The fact of the matter is, though, we're transferring over at net book something that they're already paying for. And certainly, their asset's located within the service territory. So when the states look at it, and typically in the past, they've been focused on FRR, in other words, supplying their own needs for customers and securing a consistent supply for -- price supply for their customers, I think these are fully controlled assets that clearly are in the money and produce value for customers in long-term. So those discussions have been positive.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. Well, if you look at the -- just the regulated portion, and you look at pure regulated utilities, that ratio is higher than that, up in the 70% range. So -- but that being said, our Board certainly understands the importance to our shareholders of a dividend policy that makes sense. And when we come out with the February guidance, certainly, our Board will be, as they usually do, look at considerations relative to the dividend as well. So I would not be too concerned about us tapping out at the 60%. That's a guidance that we've put in place ourselves. But we will certainly evaluate our dividend appropriately.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, Rajeev. So the study is focused on several areas. Our generation side -- and very heartened by the evaluation there. We manage our practice of those types of things. Over 80% of the plant people are involved in the evaluation of how the plant moves forward. And there are some pretty interesting things that they've come up with. So there are some structural changes in the way the plants operate. And really, the use of contractors and things like that. So which -- that's something that they're looking at. From an IT perspective, it certainly is focused on that piece as well. The finance piece, they're looking at their reporting obligations and all these types of things that -- where the efficiencies lie or certainly, an organizational review is going on as well. But I wouldn't say it's an asset change. Certainly, it could be some capital deployed to make things more efficient in some manner. But most of it is process, pure process oriented, and then looking at spans of control, looking at organizational structure alignment with the new reality of where we're taking the business. And -- but the big issue is to make sure that whatever changes we make are sustainable for the future and with our long-term strategy in mind. And that's -- so -- and that really gets us to a point where we can start to think about -- as I've said earlier, once we go through the steps of -- that we've lined out in our long-term plan to get to a point where we can effectively optimize our asset mix to improve ROE.
Nicholas K. Akins: Well, I think as I said previously, we're going to continue to grow this competitive business. But we are a regulated utility and if we can make it look with long-term contracts, FERC-based contracts, long-term retail contracts, all those types of things that make it appear to be quasi-regulated, in some fashion, either FERC-regulated or otherwise, then -- and it make sense to our shareholders to keep it, we'll keep it. But I would say that we're going to continue to grow the business as if we're going to be in that business, and then we'll make the ultimate determination when the time comes.
Brian X. Tierney: I do. It would obviously be slightly better. The industrial, overall, would drop to something like 2% negative for the third quarter rather than the 3.1% than it was.
Brian X. Tierney: Yes. Neil, in West Virginia, we're talking about $400 million. And in Ohio, we're talking about $300 million. We anticipate getting those orders later this year, very early next year, and anticipate the securitizations for the gross amount of about $700 million in the first quarter of next year.
Brian X. Tierney: No. I don't anticipate the lives will be extended. What we're going to do is, Paul, we're going to go from a methodology where we used to look at those assets on a collective basis in the East generating pool. And now we need to look at them likely on an individual basis. So certainly, the lives won't be extended beyond 2015 because that's where we have to be in order to be compliant with MATS. There could be some type of impairment that might be associated with those assets. But in any event, we are depreciating them in a pretty aggressive schedule right now and have been since late 2011, when the final MATS rule came out.
Brian X. Tierney: It's a pretty aggressive switching schedule. I think some of the things that happened with the timing of capacity orders and the like slowed that rate over the summer. But we've seen it pick up since there's been some clarity with the recent orders that the Commission's brought.
Brian X. Tierney: Art, we'd really like to have a complete story around that in February when we talk to the investors. And I think Nick's comments about the Board being committed to rewarding our shareholders with a strong dividend is something that's demonstrated over time, and we'd like to discuss that in more detail in February.
