Nick Akins: Yes. That's why the operating agreement is being followed. Wheeling would become the operator and it does get transferred to Wheeling in 2028. And so that's really -- we're continuing with Kentucky being half-owner of Mitchell until that period of time. So, the Wheeling will take over the operations of the plant, the employees will move over to wheeling as well. And then we'll continue working with the West Virginia and Kentucky commission to get resolved the operating agreement and related issues.  And then, of course, at the end -- at 2028, it transfers over at fair market value . So that's the plan. And that will get followed here in November and December time frame and we'll go through that. And actually, both commissions have the incentive to get this resolved because we do have various views of the ELG piece of it. So regardless of whether we had this transaction or not, we would be needing to fall for the operating agreement change out just because the different directions of the commissions have gone. So, we'll get that resolved as part of process to the overall approvals.
Nick Akins: Yes, sure. I said over and over, I guess for a couple of years now but even beyond that. We do have to get to portfolio management to enable us to look at the sources and uses of the capital needs that we have. And to manage the balance sheet, as Julie has mentioned. We target the mid-teens, and we want to get there, and obviously, we're well on our way of getting there. So, we want to do that, but at the same time, be able to fund the capital growth.  And when you think about it, we've sold the unregulated generation, we sold Rover Rob's, we sold some hydro-related facilities. With Kentucky, we're talking about 6 billion of assets that have been sold, but they fueled substantial growth. I mean, to the tune of 7 billion a year in capital. It's part of the process to determine what the portfolio, needs to be in the future and we will continue to do that.  Certainly, we have Chuck, and Julie, and others will continue to review that portfolio, and we will manage it in a proper way. I'll say this, Kentucky Power, you think about the threshold -- at one point we talked about we always invested in coal units no matter what. And, obviously, we've changed that focus to make sure it's more deliveries of in terms of the decision points that are made. It's quite a move for AEP to get to a point where we're managing our portfolio in a way that, first of all, we became fully regulate, and then we start to look at that portfolio to determine what's the best approach to fuel 20 billion in potential renewables investment.  So, when you think about that, we have to consider it. And I can tell you, the last time we sold a regulated utility was, I guess, the Scranton Pennsylvania System, and then the Pennsylvania -- in Pennsylvania and the New Jersey system back in the 1940s and 50s. So, it's a pretty substantial change. And when you think about Kentucky Power sales, it was one of the first acquisitions of American Gas and Electric in 1922. So, by the time we get through this, it's been 100 years. So, when you think about the threshold level of portfolio management that has occurred in this Company, it really should show a lot on terms of our seriousness of making sure that we're managing that portfolio in the proper way. That's probably longer answer than what you asked for, but I want ed to at least get all that out there.
Nick Akins: When you think about the way we're approaching the renewables fees, that the process has been, that we term the need for equity associated with those particular investments, when they actually come online and we get regulated recovery. So, we get the cash flow to support, those investments at the time they come online. That means, obviously our FFO to debt doesn't suffer as a result of that. So, if we continue that approach, and keep in mind too, I've always said that, for us to take a look at a regulated entity or other parts of our portfolio, doesn't match the future needs in terms of, where we are and where we're going as a Company.  Is there, if we have a chronically under-performing part of the portfolio, then it's important for us to take a look at. That may be temporary, it could be long term, but certainly we have to make sure that we're evaluating each one of these assets in a way that says, okay. It doesn't matter where it's located, as long as we're getting certainly the return expectation and also the forward view of the utility is positive as compared to with others. So, we have to compare in various parts of our service territories and that's where we make those decisions.
Nick Akins: Yeah, I do. And in your -- when we'd actually go do the analysis and we've done analysis for all the jurisdictions, but conditions changed, low changes certainly PTCs, ITCs can change as a result, which changed the business cases were some may have been on the margins particularly in the east now become benefits to customers. So, I think those numbers will continue to change and I can tell you from what I've seen so far. Those numbers will change. And some will go out, some will go down. But overall, normally, it should be on path, what we've talked about.  And we'll have more to report on that. Probably during first quarter '22, because we'll have the integrated resource plans. And when those integrated resource plans are filed, that's where I mentioned today is you will have a more definitive view of what those projects look like because there will be the results of RFPs and there will be the results of actual projects that are put in for regulated approval. So, more definition, but I would certainly say that normally they will be in that category we've previously discussed.
Nick Akins: Yeah. And I would say that when you see that, it certainly will reflect, I don't know if you call it a risk-adjusted approach or whatever, but it's a nominal view for us to make financing plans, and then just like with North Central, we make decisions on whether it goes up or down based upon our ownership.
Nick Akins: Well, I would say, and we've been vocal about this and the industry has been vocal about it, if you put a minimum 15% tax and a lot of us are, as you know, heavy on capital, and its growth capital, and it's also infrastructure-related capital. So, an increase with the minimum tax would certainly have an accruing effect on our ability to continue with not only development of infrastructure and having effect on that, not to mention customers’ bills ultimately because the taxes were passed through to our customers.  But also, the administration has a focus on green energy and it will have an effect on renewables transformation that's existing as well. So, I think I think they'll put a pail over all the utilities’ ability to continue invest in capital in the way that we are. Now, if we do that, then obviously there's customer impact associated with it. And again, it's a hidden tax on our customers. So, we're not for that provision. I think actually, we've been very worthwhile about this and trying to be an honest broker when we're talking about CEBP and all the other things that -- it was important for us to be able to make this transformation from a clean energy standpoint.  Certainly, the PTCs, ITCs with expansion of long-term storage, nuclear, and certainly in terms of wind and solar, are very important to continue those process, to move to clean energy economy, and we can go a long way there. This industry is very focused on doing that, and any kind of tax headwind that goes the other direction is not helpful. I think you probably hear that across-the-board.
Nick Akins: Yes. But it's in the public interest, obviously. Because they have to look at the suitor and determine is that the right route approach. And as I've done in the proper way and actually there has been some discussions in Kentucky previously. I think it's probably gone past some of that now that -- I want to make sure we were operating Kentucky the way we should. And we've been operating it the way we always have.  So, we've been investing, we've been doing the things that we need to do. Whether we owned it or not. And I think certainly the buyer has recognized that and during the transition, we will continue to support a smooth transition to ensure that the services provided and things that need to be done to make Kentucky Power successful, we'll be there to do it. And of course, we'll support Liberty Utilities in Algonquin in doing that.
Nick Akins: I'd say certainly, your question actually shows the reinforcement of our renewable’s transformation because it's a perfect edge to natural gas of North Central were in place during the time of storm Yuri. It would have saved customers $225 million. So, when you think about the process we're going through, it's great to have natural gas it's -- and certainly -- but at the times where you can layer in renewables to do that, it turns out to be a significant benefit to consumers. So, it reinforces that. And I think probably this winter will show it.
Nick Akins: We are -- I'm trying to think of what else will you be filling because just down here with jurisdiction we got a case that we expect approval of and certainly a lot of cases they're still ongoing and just about all the jurisdictions. So, I'd say we're always reviewing that on a regular basis at this point. We are playing with active cases that we got to get across the finish line and then determine where we are at.  The other part here is looking at what happens with denominator because Julie mentioned, low is changing significantly and it continues to do that as we emerge from hopefully a post-COVID world. And if that's the case, then that would be a determinant in terms of when we would file for any case. I think, of course, if we do have tax changes that occur, then that'll force a whole new view going forward to many of these cases. Just like it did when we got tax reform last time around, except this one, maybe, on the upside.
Nick Akins: You're seeing a fundamental shift and all the remaining operating companies. We made a lot of progress on Ryder's and we have a lot of focus on getting concurrent recovery in cash in the door and what you're seeing really in terms of a lot of these lags, is the amount of investment that we're placing in these companies. But as well as you make the transition from certainly from wires related activities with Ryder's and then the renewables conversion that occurs, the way we're doing the renewables is commensurate with the recovery.  So, we should see the authorized -- our returns be closer to the authorized as time goes forward. We don't see any fundamental issues in any of the jurisdictions that are left that says that we have significant headwinds. I mean, the only thing you could probably point to is the Turk issue at SWEPCO, but other than that -- and actually, when you think about Arkansas, we keep saying we're not recovering the Arkansas portion of the Turk. That's not because of the commission. That is because of the Supreme Court of Arkansas.  So, we've got very good relations with the commissions and all the jurisdictions, and we feel like the fundamentals are there for continued improvement relative to that regulatory lag that exists. And because we're spending on more areas and our generation is really renewables, and that's helping out, every time we put an investment in, and the timing of the investment improves the FFO-to-debt, improves the returns of the individual companies. And I think we'll continue to make progress in that regard. So, I would be -- I'm pretty optimistic that we'll continue to make progress in all of these jurisdictions.
Nick Akins: And another thing if we look at is, we haven't gone that pages is actually the increase in equity layers as well. So, you see improvement in the equity layers and then, we're still investing and still meeting the 5% to 7% and being the upper half and that kind of thing. And of course, we continue to manage the FFO to debt towards the mid-teens. So that -- all of the pieces are starting to fit together. And there's a lot of optimization that will occur for us to -- how to execute on to ensure that we're continuing to meet the earnings objectives. But at the same time investing in the right things and enable us to bridge that gap on the regulatory lag.
Julie Sloat: And sure. What you should anticipate is when we go to EEI, you'll see a refreshed 5-year forward Capex plan, so '22 through '26, and you'll start to begin to see a little bit more of this renewable opportunity dropped in. So, stay tuned for that, and we'll be able to talk more granularly with you here in a couple of weeks.
Julie Sloat: Yes, thanks for the question, Steve. You're right. I mean, we do lose the funds from operations that relates to Kentucky and Kentucky Transco. Although, we got to keep in mind that we also eliminate about $1.3 billion of debt associated with those assets to because that goes away. And the marathon that we think through, just to take it a step further is if we avoid issuing equity, we avoid having to cover off additional dividends that were in our original plan.  So, another to a sidestep that as well. And that comes with, maybe also having some additional dollars to reduce debt. As I mentioned in my opening comments, anything above and beyond that $1.4 billion which channeled toward debt reduction that was otherwise planned for 2022. And then also, keep in mind that Kentucky Power had barely strained FFO - to -debt to begin with. So, to eliminate that piece of, I guess, drag to the overall average FFO -to-debt for their organization is also a net positive for us.  So, we are able to put these numbers together. And quite frankly, from an FFO - to -debt perspective, it is mildly beneficial and obviously a little bit of a cost on the debt-to-cap because we're not issuing additional equity. But the numbers all do hang together and coincidentally we'll be able to take literally that $1.4 billion of planned equity out of the plan, and again, you'll see that at EEI when we'll refresh the forecast.
Julie Sloat: Got you. You'll see 2024 when we rollout our EEI guidance, so 3 years forward. But, as we continue to say, we are talking about mid - to -low teens. And the reason I say that is, as I mentioned today, if you look at our FFO to debt on an adjusted basis, so backing out the yearly consequence, we have something like 13.6% on a Moody's basis. As you know, our target has been to be around that Baa2 stable rating.  That's why we talk about mid - to -low teens or low - to -mid teens. Obviously, our preference and our expectation are to start to push more towards what I would characterize as mid. It'd be nice to have at least a 14 handle on that FFO to debt, and that is absolutely the plan, but we'll be able to share more with you as we get to EEI and build that forecast, but I wouldn't change how you're thinking about it. So, thinking about mid to low teens as it relates to Moody's BAAT, with a preference towards 14 plus percent.
Julie Sloat: I will take this from a customer rate perspective as I could, because that's how we think about it. Because ultimately this impacts our customers. When we think about, for example, a decent sensitivity analyses around, let's say a 10% hike in natural gas prices as we all know, they've gone up substantially. The impact to customer rates varies significantly from 1 operating Company to the next, depending on the field mix.  So, for example, if I looked at Appalachian Power Company, the average residential impact price in terms of the 10% hiking gas prices would equate to about a 0.9% increase in the customer's rate. Let's compare and contrast that to say PSO or SWEPCO, whether there's much more gas concentration. So PSO, we'd be talking about 1.6% increase in customer rates. SWEPCO, 1.5%. So, this is something we're very sensitive to, because as you know, overall, we're extremely sensitive to customer rate increases and the aggregate as we continue to execute on our general Capex program. I don't know if -- Nick, you had any additional comments.
Julie Sloat: Michael, we always -- as Nick mentioned, we strive to be in the upper half of the guidance range, not necessary the upper end, although that 'd be very nice. So just a point of clarification there. And as it relates to returns, as you can see, we've kind of been hovering around the 9% ROE return level. I think that's a safe place for you to assume that we'll kind of hang out there for a while until we get a little more traction.  And the other thing if I could, circling back to your original question, when we look at the equalizer chart, often times we get questions around AEP taxes and why the lower  we relative to authorize there, and so back to your question around growth and how do you manage the business, AEP Texas, we continue to invest a significant amount of capital on an annualized basis.  And while we have very progressive rate recovery mechanisms in place that we really enjoy, I can tell you this, while the ROE may look a touch depressed relative to authorize, that Company continues to produce earnings growth and to save the 8% to 10% range. So that certifies our ability, back to your original point, getting that upper 1/2 of the range. So again, ROE, our system-wide average, assume roughly around 9% - ish and trending upward over time. And then around AEP Texas, k keeps in mind, the capital is intentional there as we continue to try to take care of the customer and grow that business. And it's paying dividends in 8% to 10% EPS growth out of it.
