Shar Pourezza: Just firstly, obviously, you guys highlighted in the deck, “the direction and strategy” kind of remain on track. I guess how much latitude will Bill have to make kind of strategic changes if need be to accrue value? Or is the plan kind of the plan and any kind of changes you expect will likely be more on the fringe, given your and the board's comfort level with the trajectory, with obviously the latter kind of being a similar situation to one of your other Ohio peers in the state when they had an incoming CEO? Thanks.
Shar Pourezza: Okay, perfect. And then last time, obviously we've talked about higher CapEx coming, driven by customer growth, data centers, etcetera. As we're kind of thinking about that incremental CapEx, potentially with a 3Q update and a funding source, the balance sheet doesn't have a material amount of capacity. You touched on this a little bit on your preparedness, but maybe you can elaborate on how you're kind of thinking about incremental equity versus asset sales, and with asset sales, how you're thinking about distribution versus transmission. Thanks, guys.
Shar Pourezza: Got it. Perfect. Thank you. And by the way, just a real big congrats on Bill. He's one of the best hires. Thanks, guys.
Ben Fowke: Yes. I think that was a lot different circumstance, Shar, but Bill's very familiar with our strategy. We clearly had conversations with Bill about our strategy. So I think it's, I think we're on the right strategic direction. I do think Bill's going to come in and focus very much on execution. He's got a ton of experience, as we mentioned. And so I mean he'll take some time, assess where we are and I'm sure he's going to make some changes, but I don't see significant changes in the strategic direction. It's not like we gave him a plan, a to-do list, and you do all these things. He's going to be a dynamic leader. But the path we're on is, I think we're all in agreement, it's the right path and we need to execute on it.
Ben Fowke: Yes, I mean, clearly we're going to have an update in the fall, either at or right before EEI, that incorporates what it means to CapEx to fund this low growth, both in generation and transmission, and of course, what it means to make sure the balance sheet is strong in terms of equity and equity-like products, including portfolio optimization. Regarding portfolio optimization, you've heard me say it before, we're always open to it, but price has to be there, and the ability to execute has to be there. And the regulated utility spaces, those are two hard things to put together at the same time, but we're open to it. Chuck, I don't know if you want to add anything to it.
Ben Fowke: Yes. Well, as I mentioned, with Shar's comment, I mean, you're definitely going to see a lot of increase in transmission spent. There's got to be something to plug into, so we're going to have generation, as well, and we recognize the need to make sure we have reliable distribution grid. So, I think if I had to rate it, it would be transmission increases, followed by generation, followed by distribution.
Ben Fowke: Yes. Peggy mentioned proactive. It really, I think, was creative. It was outside of the RFP process, but we have an RFP process to compare the pricing to, and it's clearly very favorable. So, we're really excited about it. I think it'll be great for our customers.
Ben Fowke: Yes. So, let me comment on the negative $0.06 in vertically integrated. That's largely due to in vertically integrated, we had in the quarter, but a 4.9% decrease over last Q2 in residential sales. And that's largely what drove that number. In our SWEPCO territory, we had in kind of mid to late May into early June, we had a number of repeated storm activity, tornadic activity that took, large swaths of customers out for significant amounts of times that drove that number down. We've seen that start to normalize back in June and July. So I expect that to return to a more normal state.
Ben Fowke: Yes. I mean, it basically means that we have a letter of agreement, and those letter of agreements, Steve, start the clock running, if you will, for us to do work that pretty quickly can go into the millions, which that customer who signed the letter of agreement is required to pay. So that's how we define it. As we look forward, we look at a number of filtering criteria, ownership of sites, etcetera, that we use. So these are far from just inquiries. These are, serious customers that want to get on the grid and are willing to financially commit to do what it takes to get on the grid.
Ben Fowke: Yes. Those tariffs, as you know they haven't been approved yet, but they will need depends where they are in the signing process as to whether or not they will be held to those tariffs or not. But going forward, customers, if approved, will all be required to step up to the tariffs.
Ben Fowke: Which, as you know, I mean, well, as Steve was just going to say, it's just, it's really important. We're going to see more growth than we've seen in maybe generations. And it's going to be really important that that growth is beneficial for all customers and at the worst case, at least neutral. And that's exactly why we're trying to, that's exactly why we're so keenly focused on making sure that we have these tariffs and the modifications I mentioned in Indiana and West Virginia. And it's just, we got to get it right.
Ben Fowke: Yes, Steve. So the way to think about it is, think of it as a 50-50 split between Texas and PJM. 50%, or of course, Texas, right, is our wires company and PJM, take that 50% and basically split it 50-50 between INM, which is vertically integrated and AEP Ohio, right, which is wires only.
Ben Fowke: Okay. I think I've, yes. But we are seeing additional interest amongst other vertically integrated utilities, but that interest is not as firm yet.
Ben Fowke: Yes, I think the incremental CapEx will be driven to support new load growth. And that's why we're just so keenly focused on making sure we get the rules right. And our modeling suggests that it will be good for all customers. And that's, I mean, that's what makes me so excited about this is that everybody can benefit, load's good for all, and it's going to, there are certainly pressures, on the grid and the resiliency and things like that, but I think the load's going to be beneficial to mitigate cost increases.
Ben Fowke: Again, as I mentioned, I think, you've got Bill Furman coming in, he's got a track record of innovation. The companies in the Berkshire Hathaway portfolio were extremely well run. Bill is extremely well respected. So I think he's going to bring a lot of great ideas. It's a lot of blocking and tackling, and also taking advantage of innovation, smart technologies, etcetera, that'll get us there. But, the team has done a really good job, if you look back, in keeping O&M in check. So, again, I think the biggest way we keep costs down on our customers is to bring this new load on and bring it on in ways and rules and tariffs that are fair to all.
Ben Fowke: Yes, the 15 gigawatts refers to all data centers, and we're not announcing the cadence of that at this time. But it's already, as you can see, it's already showing up in our numbers. So we are hooking up, folks, and you'll see continued increases, over the next several years.
Ben Fowke: So, Andrew, first question. You also note in 2024, we had a $500 million increase in CapEx, and versus our plan for the year, we had additional asset sales that were part of the original plan that ended up changing through the year. So, in our financing, in our cash, we received less proceeds because of that change in plan. So, those two things basically drove the opportunity for the increase in equity, and just being opportunistic in the market as well. You're right, going forward, we have not updated those cash flows yet for our annual update, which we'll do at EEI.
Ben Fowke: Yes, that refers to the notes that we issued in June. But we would look at various forms of equity alternatives and be holistic in our approach.
Ben Fowke: Yes. So, Bill, in Texas, right, there is customer growth as well as, increase in use or as a result, increase in usage. In vertically integrated year-to-date, residential is down 1.3%, and T&D is actually up 0.3%, largely due to Texas. So, we are seeing, I think, in Appalachian Power, in Kentucky Power, in SWEPCO in particular, and I mentioned, some of the weather occurrences that we had in the SWEPCO area, weaker residential sales in those areas in particular.
Ben Fowke: Yes. I mean, clearly the residential sales are higher margin, but, again, I think it's, in particular, the effects of inflation. So, if inflation comes in tame, tamer as we begin to, as we've begun to see if wage growth, continues to close that gap. And as Ben mentioned, right, the opportunity to bring on large loads to spread fixed costs, right, over a much larger denominator, right, should mitigate, right, some of those customer rate impacts as well. So the combination of those things, right, should begin to, slow that decline. But, clearly, the effects of inflation have hit home for a lot of customers.
Ben Fowke: Well, I mean, I think that would take legislation clearly in Ohio. I guess it would take it in Texas, too, but I don't see that happening. I think it's probably a long shot in Ohio as well. So, we are going to have to rely on the market, but our vertically integrated utilities are all going to need generation and in different timeframes. But I think Peggy mentioned, we've got, we do have more with the changes in the reserve margin requirements, for example, in SPP. It creates a resource need, and we're developing our plans to fill that, which will require increased CapEx, which I think is a good thing. And we're really, again, excited about Green Country. The load is tremendous, and it's primarily data centers, but of course we'd be remiss if we didn't mention we've seen industrial load in Texas as well. And I think when we think about economic development, we're going to continue to look for opportunities to bring industry back on shore. And I'm right here in Columbus today, and the Intel has just been an enormous success, and we're going to keep looking for opportunities for our communities, and, again, all customers benefit from that.
Ben Fowke: I think it's early, but, yes I think it could potentially be helpful as courts have more discretion not to have to rely on the agencies, which that was the whole point of that. And I just think it doesn't bind the courts as much as it probably did in the past. Now, whether that, how the courts interpret it, what, the rulings are, we'll have to wait and see. But Paul, I think in general it's going to be helpful. And we are going to challenge a lot of these EPA rules, as you know, the CCR rule, the ELG rule, the 111 rules. I guess all of the rules that have come out we're going to challenge and for good reason.
Ben Fowke: I don't know. I think, I know there's some, there's some thought that it would, but I think that really, I'm not convinced it will. So, I think that remains to be seen.
Charles Zebula: Ben, the only thing I would add is, right, it's so important as we are a regulated utility and have significant capital needs not only today, but going forward right, to maintain investment credit ratings, and we will defend that right in our plan.
Charles Zebula: Thanks. You did mention, Shar asked the mix between distribution and transmission. So, it's going to, there's obviously going to be a lot of transmission that needs to be built, as well as distribution.
Charles Zebula: Jeremy, I would say you'll note, in our materials that we raised our CapEx this year already by $500 million. That largely is in T&D, right? It's for reliability spend, also customer hookups, and then storm-related capital. So the shape of it right, is going to be as these customer additions, come online. And again, as Ben mentioned, we'll be laying all that out in the fall.
Charles Zebula: Yes, our plan is to be in the 14% to 15% range. I'll just note, right, that we're well above the 13% downgrade threshold. So, yes, we plan to be in that range.
Jeremy Tonet: Hey, I know you're not going to give us the full details here, but I was just wondering if there's any way you could help us think through size and shaping of this incremental CapEx, as you talked about, with the incremental wires needs here. It just seems like everything is materializing quicker than expected. And so, just wondering if you could comment, I guess, any shaping there that would be helpful.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. So, it sounds like there's an opportunity for more near-term, as opposed to just later data at this point, if I understand correctly.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. I was just wondering if you could talk a bit more on PSO's natural gas generation purchase there. To what extent do you see the need for incremental gas generation, across Oklahoma, other service territories? Just wondering if you expect to see more of this.
Peggy Simmons: So, I would say, this is Peggy, and I would say with the increased reserve margins that we're seeing from the RTOs and the additional load that we're starting to see across our system, we are going to need some additional generation. And this was a very proactive approach that the team took as I mentioned in my comments earlier, to go out and find some affordable assets that we could bring onto the system. And we plan to make that filing at the Commission later this fall.
Peggy Simmons: Oh, we're looking forward to be at 9.1% for this year. As I mentioned, over the past 12 months, I mean, on a rolling average right now, we’re at 8.9% [ph] which is flat to where we were last quarter, but continuing to make progress on that front.
Peggy Simmons: Right now, none of that can be connected at this point in time, but as we look at our LOA process, that's why we are looking at any initial upgrades that are needed as we prepare to plan the system to connect this load over that period of time.
Peggy Simmons: So, our RFPs are all-source RFPs, so we're evaluating all technologies that come in. And we do believe the dispatchable resources are needed to be added to the grid as well, and they will be part of the plan.
Peggy Simmons: Yes, Ben. So yes, that's exactly, Julian, what we're looking to do. We are, some of those positions were leadership positions that report to some of our Presidents. We are making sure that we are getting those filled and we're adding additional resources in the regulatory and legislative space, because we know that as dynamic as our industry is and as much change as is occurring, we want to make sure that we have that enhanced engagement at those levels. So you'll see more of that.
