Brian Tierney: Greg, we've always, of course, monitored load and what's going on with that. And we've tried to adjust over time our O&M spend in response to how load is impacted either by trade tariffs, the dollar or things like weather. And we saw that impact this quarter as well. You mentioned seeing slowdown in oil and gas. We're kind of seeing the opposite of that. We're seeing uptick in oil and gas right now including expansions through the end of the year. And whereas previously, we've seen things really on the upstream side, we're now starting to see things on the mid and downstream side as the infrastructure comes in to fulfill what's been happening in the producing part of that industry.So, we're still seeing uptick in oil and gas and anticipate increases in that throughout the balance of the year. But we are subject as everyone else to what's happening with the general economy and weather. We've been very successful in responding to that over the last several years and anticipate doing the same going forward.
Brian Tierney: Absolutely, Angie. So, obviously, when we talked about this opportunity, it's not what we've laid out in our current financing plans. This would be incremental to it. And we would update that as we get approvals. But I think you've seen from us in the past really putting generally equal measures of debt and equity together to finance our capital plans and really fairly conservative management of our balance sheet. And I think you'll see that continuing going forward.
Brian Tierney: Yes, Ali. It's a couple things. One is O&M, the other one is we've had some positive rate outcomes that have outpaced our expectations for the year.
Brian Tierney: Michael, we don't have any jurisdictions where we have real concerns any longer. There's been a lot of progress that's been made in places like Oklahoma where we still have integrated utilities, and it's not just wires only. One of the initiatives that we're working on and taking a close look at from the terms of the risk of the customer and ourselves are the depreciation rates associated with our fossil generating stations and making sure that they're in line.So, that's an initiative that all of our vertically integrated utilities are looking at. We made some headway in that in regards to the Rockport generation depreciation in Indiana where we had an offset associated with the flowback of the deferred income taxes.We were able to shorten up the depreciation period and not impact customer rates by having that offset from the deferred income tax flowback. So, that's an initiative that we're working across the jurisdictions. But kind of a blessing, we don't have any that we would call trouble jurisdictions today.The jurisdictions are operating well. And our operating companies have strong relationships with the regulators and legislatures. And we're getting good outcomes like Nick described in Ohio. So, there's no sore point that we are overly concerned about but just some broad-based initiatives that we continue to work.
Brian Tierney: That's correct, Praful. And when we see expansions that are out a year or more than a year, we need to really weight those for probability of them coming in. We feel pretty confident about things as close in as six months.
Brian Tierney: So, we do expect the cash tax rate to be around that 5.25% going forward. Clearly, the flowback of the deferred taxes is a big use of our cash these days. But remember, we had gone in with this strong balance sheet before tax reform thinking we were going become a big payor of taxes. And now that we're not a big payor of taxes, we're a big flow backer of deferred income tax.I don't think that's a word. But we are now flowing back significant amounts of deferred taxes. So, for this year, given the orders that we had, we had anticipated flowing back both protected and unprotected, about $267 million. We're now going to be flowing back about $330 million in 2019. Going forward, in the next three years, we anticipate that number being a lot closer to about $200 million.
Nick Akins: The interesting thing is, Greg, the oil prices remain at least relatively decent and like, I guess, natural gas prices continue to be relatively low. But there's a lot of oil field activity. But also, as Brian said, the infrastructure pipeline activity continues because there's a lot of production that can't – and that's why prices are so low in live territories. They just can't get the transmission capabilities.So, a lot of work continues in that regard. The other part is even our industrial base is pretty diversified. And it's unusual to see several of them line up. Eight out of 10, I believe the sectors are decreasing. And you can really point to the tariff activity. So, if that gets resolved, we should be in much better shape in our territory. That being said, there is expansion going on. Matter of fact, there was just an announcement in Corpus Christi of a large expansion there. It was announced a couple days ago.So, we continue to see the pipeline of activity. And I think we just need to get past these tariff issues so that people really understand and companies understand the rules of the game so they can make investments. So, we'll get there. But until then, we'll do what we've always done. No matter what's going on with all the fundamentals associated with our business, we pull the levers we need to make sure externally, we revive that consistent quality of earnings going forward. So, if the economy's adjusting, we have to adjust.
Nick Akins: Yes. I think it will be positive for SWEPCO. And certainly, we want to go about the process as quickly as possible to get AMI metering put in place as a predicate for many of the technologies that we're working with. So, it's important to do that. I think you're probably going to be seeing a focus on that very soon now that the whole installation is done.
Nick Akins: Well, certainly, we'll install AMI metering wherever we can install it. And I'd have to check, but I'm pretty sure we could do that in the other states already. We just haven't gotten to the point of moving that process ahead in those jurisdictions yet, but we're getting there.
Nick Akins: We had recently installed some AMR meters in SWEPCO. And so, we're really managing through dealing with the replacement of those at the same time of putting in AMI metering. So, it's one of those areas where timing is going to be really important. And certainly, the regulatory process will be key in terms of the implementation.
Nick Akins: Yes. So, I guess, the beauty of all this is it's using the standard integrated resource plan processes. And we'll go through the normal hearings, but we're expecting to have an outcome in about a year. The filings have just been made. And obviously, we'll go through the testimony and all that kind of stuff in the meantime. We'll try to move it as expeditiously as we can to take advantage of the PTCs. But we expect the procedural schedules to come out soon, but our expectation is it'll take about a year to get those approvals.
Nick Akins: Well, yes. That's right. There is capacity needs and TSO. And then SWEPCO is looking at it from really a customer benefit perspective.
Nick Akins: Yes. Really nothing unusual about these filings. And that's probably the good thing. We went after Wind Catcher because it was a unique opportunity. And we certainly wanted to be able to perform that project. But it was outside the regulatory process and all that stuff. And the risk involved of large transmission. So, this is a very different proposition within the framework of the existing processes. So, we feel good about it.
Nick Akins: Yes, we feel good about where we stand for the guidance of this year and with the additions there along with our optimization activities. But also, we have gone through several series of rate cases in previous years that continue to benefit us as well. So, I mean, obviously, there's a lot of issues to look at, a lot of areas where – every year we have positives and negatives. But all in all, it comes down to where we fully support the guidance that we give. And I don't see an issue there at all.
Nick Akins: Yes. So, we continue to look at what the future holds and still an obviously long-term growth rate of 5% to 7%. We'd be disappointed if it wasn't in the upper end of that because we expect to get approvals for these additional wind projects that we haven't included in our plan. We're watching the economy obviously. And you tell me what the timing is of getting the tariff issues resolved. But they'll probably get resolve before the election I would presume. If that's the case, then we should be in really good shape.And of course, every year that goes by – we're a large company. And fueling 5% to 7% growth is more and more of a challenge. But that's why we look at things like what is going on with our contractor renewables, the value of the Sempra deal, what's going on with the regulated additions, not just regulated additions in the Western territories but in the Eastern territories as well, particularly with the legislation.And keep in mind too I think it's really important to focus on what Ohio has just done. It's opened up the ability for us to work directly with customers on the AEP Ohio side where they wanted to because there's customers who have said, we want you to do our solar projects. We want you to do the resources for these facilities. And to this point, we've been unable to say that AEP Ohio could do that. Now we can.And so, I think that's going to fuel a further expansion from a renewables standpoint and from a resource standpoint, microgrids, and so forth. And watch this House Bill 247 because I think that's really important around what we do on the digitization, automation, the technologies at the distribution side. And I continue to view the distribution wedge, capital wedge of this company continuing to grow considerably as a result of that.The other thing too is transmission. We have to spend $2.5 billion just to keep the present average age. So, if you think about that, that's a foundation.And if we ever want to advance the age, which is pretty old at this point, we have to continue to invest in a large degree in transmission to make sure that our system remains reliable and resilient.So, there's so many opportunities. Well, another one I would point out is a pilot that we're doing in Virginia right now around broadband. We're doing sort of the midstream broadband that the others, AT&T and others are supportive of us doing because we're already putting in fiber for resiliency of the grid itself in terms of analytics.There's available capacity. We can bring the rural areas closer to the urban centers as well, allow broadband to exist in these communities that don't have it today. And that's another opportunity for us to continue to go. And then classification of the economy. So, I'm bullish about the growth opportunities of this business.The question on our minds is how we manage our balance sheet around FFO to debt and those kinds of metrics and be able to address all the capital opportunities we have. And of course, that may mean recycling assets, doing what we need to do to optimize the efficiency of the use of that balance sheet. So, there's still a lot of work for us to do. There really is good work.
Nick Akins: Well, I've always said and I continue to say we believe it certainly will make 5% to 7% more robust. And we'd be disappointed if we weren't in the upper end. And we're going have to get through and determine what happens to the load going forward. We have the growth opportunities there.But if you have tempering aspects of load growth, I think it'd be probably good for us right now to stand padded at the 5% to 7% what we said previously that we expect to be and certainly would be disappointed if we weren't in the upper end of that 5% to 7%.
Nick Akins: Yes. I have a lot of wishes. But we have about 65, two-thirds to 70% of our rate recovery is through tracker-rider mechanisms. So, we're doing pretty well from that perspective. But there are things obviously I'd like to see because the utility business right now, we're needing to invest in the resiliency and the reliability of this grid and really refurbish the grid in a major way.And that tells me that it'd be great to have more forward-looking type of test years like we do in Indiana. The formula-based rate mechanisms are really good. But there's still some wet lagging. But they're better than waiting on rate cases and stuff. And I think it's important to have mechanisms in place where there are formula-based rates, where there are forward-test years. Those kinds of things need to be in place to allow us to continue to invest and not impact our balance sheet from an FFO to debt perspective.And keep in mind, AEP did not go out for additional equity or anything with tax reforms. So, certainly, it brought our credit metrics in to something that obviously, we need to watch, particularly as you're investing capital. And then with load decreasing and revenue having an impact associated with that, that's going to further impact the FFO to debt.So, we're watching that very closely, those metrics to preserve our balance sheet. And then that's obviously something we're going have to continue to work through. So, I don't know if you have anything to add, Brian.
Nick Akins: Yes. A lot of balls on our equalizer chart, it's either because of weather or that we continue to invest heavily in these jurisdictions. But it's clearly important for us. And you're seeing advancement of formula-based rate mechanisms. Arkansas, for example. We now have some significant riders in TSO in Oklahoma.And of course, the other riders in Indiana, Michigan, and so forth. And those are beneficial. But if I look at two things forward-looking for this industry, with the issues of cyber, physical security, refurbishment of the grid, ensuring that we maintain a reliable system going forward, it's imperative that we're able to invest and recover on a timely basis. And that tells me, formula-based rates, I'll take it. Forward-test years, even better. And we need to work that around the horn across all the jurisdictions.
