Mike Morris: Well, that's a prefect question, Dan. The fact of the matter is, as you know, most of those rules will be challenged. When you look particularly at the transport rule, it affects the states every bit as it affects the operating industrial customers within those states and we are beginning, through the operating company model, to share some of the impacts that this could mean to the various jurisdictions. Our intent would be to, as you heard us say many times before, retrofit those plans where capital investments have already been made and approach the regulator in a very logical way to say, here are the costs associated with that. To the extent that you go to a regulator and offer that, well, either A, shut down this plant or replace it with a combined-cycle, natural gas plant, they will be partners in those decisions without stepping over their regulatory authority line. And we think that that's an appropriate way to go about it. As you continue to look at the series of events that the EPA has on their plate to go forward and implement, you really do get to a situation that becomes a bit frightening about the prospects of the coal fleet to continue to operate throughout the country. I know that some of my colleagues have talked about this in their earnings call and forecasting 30,000, 40,000, 50,000 megawatts of coal-fired generation going offline. I think that's no different than the forecast of the nuclear facilities some years ago as I said. The fact of the matter is base load generation will be needed, these existing fleets will be needed, and the EPA's rules will get adjusted to the reality of the economy. I know that some people talk about that as a massive increase in the commodity cost of electricity. In the next two or three years as the U.S. economy struggles going forward, I can't imagine a scenario where those laws and rules will be implemented to the extent that some think that they might be. The legislative interference in the ability to slow all of that down, we are seeing it all over the world, the European Union and many other countries, all dedicated to doing this, that, and the other thing are beginning to look at the economic ramifications of that. So our plan has been consistent. We have a series of stations that will prepare to lay up, which we've done and ultimately retire if need be. Those that we already dedicated to retrofitting and using, we've taken a long, hard look converting the natural gases into best option for our customers. But replacing generating facilities with combined-cycle, natural gas at those sites where water and electric ingress and egress are there tells us that the approach that we ought to take, and the one that we will. We will work all of that in concert with our regulators, because our goal isn't to raise the cost of commodity energy, which some of my colleagues think is a great place to be. Our goal is to continue to improve the environmental performance of very cost-effective power plants and that's what we are going to continue to pursue. So this is not some nightmare scenario that you can say good night to king coal. That's not going to happen in the United States, that's not going to happen anywhere in the world.
Mike Morris: Well – so let's just think about it. So the transport rule ultimately comes in the first phase in 2012 and the actual implementation date is mid-2011. In six months, you cannot design contract and build any of the retrofit facilities you would have to do to get there. So the practical reality of that is we are looking at the mid-decade before you really see implementation of any of these events that are going to cause a major, major shift in the generation fleet. And by that time, quite honestly Dan, if you begin to see the economy recover, which many people think that you will by the mid-decade, harken back to 2008 when every power plant that could run was running, take 10,000, 15,000 megawatts of power off of here and you are looking at South Africa, Venezuela, and South Korea, and the United States being without base load generation. That is not going to happen.
Mike Morris: I think it's probably a bit of the latter. As you know, there is a great debate whether we will find a second dip in this recession or whether we will just flatten up for a while. I think when you speak to many of larger industrials, particularly the metal melders that Brian gave us some granularity over, they are eager. I know the guys at Century would love to get going again, LMEs at $2,000 plus tells them that the market may be okay for them. Worldwide demand for aluminum continues to grow, but at the same time, their labor costs. So we've offered them energy prices that should clearly bring them back online. They need to adjust to labor issues. So it's – I don't think it's purely stocking. I think they are all being very careful about their inventory levels. Brian said something about the housing starts, but we all know that minute the government pulled away the first-time buyer incentive, the housing starts crashed in June and the same in July. So that's really why we are keeping our guidance where it is. So – we see some encouraging signs, but it would be premature to adjust with what we've seen for the first half of the year.
Mike Morris: Yes. And I would just add to that, Jonathan, that just keep an eye on the 2% to 4% per year growth rate in earnings. That's what we are managing toward and that's what we will dedicate ourselves, toward delivering to our investors.
Mike Morris: So I think the most important one would be the self implemented number in Michigan. We don't count those in the $301 million stack, because they are subject to refund as we go forward. And a couple of other smaller issues that are still in the process commission that we think will get decided as some environmental adjustments in Ohio and other jurisdictions that we think will go through smoothly. So we again feel very comfortable that we will hit or exceed that target for the year.
Mike Morris: Well, I think you would be in the right range if you use that for '11 and '12. When you get beyond that and we finally begin to see some of the transmission activities kick in, you would be closer to the upside of that range and we might expand that, as we chatted about before that that could put us in the 4% to 6%. But as you know and as you've experienced, our view from conservative Midwest point is to be conservative and that's what we've done. And fortunately, we typically over-delivered and that we would hope to be our case going forward. I can tell you when I look at some of my colleagues that very robust numbers, explaining later on how you didn't hit them is much more difficult than explaining we were able to achieve our goals or did a little bit better than that.
Mike Morris: So that is the basic target. And I'm sorry, I don't have at top of mind the percent that's already in hand, but it's probably $70 million, $80 million of the $320 million, give or take.
Mike Morris: So – it's interesting. There are probably three components that makes the – make most of that up. To your point, as you know, we depreciate about $1.1 billion a year. So we are looking at capital expenditures that will allow for earnings growth going forward. Rates have returned, equity are an issue, but we don't build a lot of forecast into that and the upside. I just believe that we will continue – particularly with the new operating company model, to continue to enjoy some success in that space. Obviously, we believe that – along with most others that off-system sales numbers, both volumetrically and commodity price wise, will grow some going forward. If you look at the 2011 strip for gas, which is the real bellwether of where commodity prices will be, it's a bit stronger than 2010. And so we see some of that as potential. And then of course, even in our footprint, we look at something like 1% growth going forward, our western footprint growing more dramatically than our eastern footprint. So when you take those three and add to it the discipline of cost control on the O&M side, we feel pretty comfortable with that 2% to 4% range. As I mentioned to the question Ali asked, as we begin to get into the mid-term and see the transmission capital investments starting to impact in a constructive way, more so than they have to date, earnings per share numbers, that also is in the equation. So again, you – there are many who would argue that gosh, that's not very stretchy, but for a company like ours with a footprint that we have, we think that that's very achievable. And I would argue, if over a handful of years we deliver that kind of growth and couple that with our dividend, this is a pretty good investment strategy for those who are looking for steady, solid low risk returns compared to other low-risk options that they have.
Mike Morris: It's inside of the $280 million to $320 million guidance that we've given you. It's a reality of what we've seen so far in Ohio with the mix of industrial, commercial, residential demand. But we've built that into the 2010 plan and we expect that number to rebound some as we look at 2011 and beyond, because of some adjustments that are inside of the ESP. So we continue to feel comfortable with the range that we are in. That is an area though that, as you surely pointed out, is underperforming and that's one of the reasons that we aren’t robust at the second quarter to say, gosh, we really feel great, let's uptick guidance for the year.
Mike Morris: Well, I think, as Brian said to Leslie's question, we had some auction results that were current in calendar year in 2009 and as you know, our tendency is to take those contracts, cover our basic requirements and then continually manage the upside potential of fulfilling those requirements. And our team, as they have been many times before, were very successful in 2009. They don't have those same auction contracts to deal with in calendar year 2010 because they rolled at the midyear point. So that really is what Brian was going to. There will be auctions in the future and we always participate in them, we are almost always successful for a handful of tranches. We draw a line, add what spread we'd like to see from auction successors and then the charge to the team is back them up so that there is limited exposure, and then manage the upside of the backup contracts as we go forward, and we've been very successful at that over a long horizon. We are not big home-run hitters in our commercial ops group, we are very steady, solid performers. And so 2010 as compared to 2009, that's really the driver.
Mike Morris: Yes. So phraseology, we call – or we laid them up. And it really is part of the generation contribution to the O&M savings that Brian outlined. And our plan – and this is really a great question, Brian, because it demonstrates some of the flexibility that the American Electric Power fleet has. Our plan was to be prepared in a very short period of time to bring any of those plants online to satisfy unexpected weather related demand or economic recovery demand. And in the last 60 days, we've done that a couple of times. What the generation group did was reduce some of the headcounts that would normally be stationed at any one of those facilities and we've turned them into a roving group of highly experienced folks who can show up at a plant site and augment the skeletal staff that's there and bring the plant online within hours. And we worked that out with the PJM and as you heard in the last 60 days, we have brought some of plants back online for a very important high price opportunity. So we are pretty comfortable with the way that that's working. And again, it just shows the depth and the breadth of the skill sets and the human capital that we have here at American Electric Power.
Mike Morris: Well, for 2010, we are pretty set. I would tell you that one of the – there is upsides and downsides of the new operating company model. We have chosen some very strong operating company Presidents and they could spend $3 billion or $4 billion on distribution every year if we gave them the freedom to do that. But we clearly won't do that. We will continue to manage that as we go forward. But – this goes back to the question maybe that Hugh asked. If you look at our concept going forward regulatorily, dollar spent on the energy delivery system, and spent wisely with some early education of the regulator as to the why and need and the where, usually yields great regulatory success and we will continue to do that. So far this year, quite honestly there has been some under-spend in that side as they used a lot of their dollars to satisfy early storm requirements. As you know, across our entire regulatory portfolio, commissions have been treating storm recovery in a very, very respectful manner. There is nothing more in the political world than getting the lights back, that's important to the political team and commissions now are being very dutiful, not only in our states, but in other states at allowing for recovery of incurred costs as we go forward. So we see that again as one of the disciplines of the operating company model. Brian and the finance team will see to it that we don't overspend the capital forecast and that yields our performance in that 2% to 4% range.
Mike Morris: Well, actually, there are two current events. You are right that the Army Corps of Engineers permit is now under challenge. Most of the effect of the corps permit, the work in those areas is already done. So I think that the courts will look at that and say, "Well, this is interesting, but the thing that you are most trying to protect has already been protected. So what is it that you would seek"? Look, I – there is no question that the proponents of those kinds of endeavors simply don't want to see any coal plants built anywhere in the United States, and obviously we are 180 degrees from them in that undertaking. They should champion an ultra-supercritical coal plant; this is the technology of the 21st century to continue to have coal burned around the world. So let me set aside my podium for a moment and then get to the second matter. There was a huge challenge and another seek of a stay of construction on the transmission lines that was handled by the courts in Arkansas this week, and it couldn't have come out better. A, no stay, keep building. B, take these things back to the commission to verify that the certificates that were issued for the transmission build, in fact, is exactly what you are intended to do. To our opponents, I would simply say this, that rest assured when the TURK plant is ready to run, there will be transmission in and out of the station, because there are some laws that pertain to the United States, not simply to some very wealthy hunters and environmentalists, who God bless them, are dedicated to seeing no coal plant built anywhere in the world.
Mike Morris: I expect that you will that early in 2011. As you know, it's a March '11 filing. We will probably have some discussions before we take that approach. In fact, we are in the midst of discussions with many of our customers today. Look, my large industrial customers, the Office of Consumer Counsel, they are very desirous of having controlled cost of electricity going forward for the growth in the Ohio economy and we want the same thing. So Michael, I go back to one of my earlier comments. Some of my colleagues think it would be great to see the cost of electricity go up. We think it would be great to see the cost of electricity be reliable and to be acceptable, and that's what negotiations for a three year, maybe even a five-year ESP, if we could get to that place would make sense. I really do think we need to get some color on SEET. And again, I've said many a time I don't think that that's going to be some kind of a nightmarish outcome. When we get that color on SEET, and hopefully sometime in calendar year 2010, that will let all of us know how to build that into the 2011 and beyond ESP play.
Mike Morris: Well, I had a chance to chat with some of the commissioners the other day about that. I'm not sure what Duke thought, but they put it in and the commission really is doing what you would expect them to do, which is if people are going to petition to rehear, let's get that out of the way before we go forward, and actually issue orders on a path that is subject to rehearing. We don't intend to do that, we think that there was plenty of flexibility in their June directions to all of us. We were prepared to file on 15 July, we will be prepared to file on 1 September, and we will proceed with our case. If we seek any review, it would be of some unexpected curveball in a SEET order that affected the AEP Ohio companies and we take that to the appropriate court of review, which is the Ohio Supreme Court.
Mike Morris: Yes. And I think, classically, we do not. When you are in the business of trading and marketing, it probably doesn't make much sense to tell your colleagues what you hope to accomplish.
Mike Morris: I think you really raise an interesting question. When you look at some of the requirements in California, for instance, going to the 33%, I think that Governor Schwarzenegger and many of the utilities in California see that as a very, very difficult stretch with substantial impacts on the cost of electricity. But if you look at this in a more macro sense for the Conterminous 48 United States, I think things like the Bingaman-Murkowski legislation is the way that the country will go and should go. We need to blend some of the requirements for renewable energies into the overall portfolio as we go forward. The price points are still awkward, but they are trending in the right direction. The technology continues to move forward aggressively and I think that's helpful. And as you know, for us, we believe strongly in the Bingaman approach to transmission, removing the Corker amendment, the cost allocation that I spoke to at the very beginning of our conversation on the FERC Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, I think, yields a very logical renewable energy standard for all of us to find a way to satisfy. I know that those who have commodity plays particularly must run nuclear stations hate the notion of renewables, but it's going to happen, and I know this is also heresy but nuclear power plants can be cycled just like coal power plants can be cycled and they are going to have to get to that place if we are going to accommodate a large share of renewable portfolio standard. We at the Edison Electric Institute, as we've done on many, many other issues, support the Bingaman-Murkowski model. We don't think it makes sense to have much larger of a demand than that. But the price points will continue to get better. The combined electrical efficiency of facilities is what it is. But the marrying capacity of energy storage and supplemental generation will allow us to accommodate those needs as we go forward. So it would be silly for America to say, "We don't want to do anything in the renewable space." It would be equally silly to have unachievable numbers with penalty associated with it. But the fleet can react to it. And again, if you build out the transmission grid as we have been proposing now for a number of decades and years, you can accommodate all of this without much of a bump in the highway.
Mike Morris: Great. Well, that gives me one moment to say something that many of us read each others' transcripts and oddly enough, many of us listen into each others' transcripts so we get some flavor for the things that are on the analytical community mind. And I want to take a moment to do say good-bye to my dear friend, David Ratcliffe. It has been a joy working with you, David, and look forward to continuing to work with Tom and the team at Southern Company. Thanks for joining us for the call, thanks for your interest in American Electric Power.
Brian Tierney: Yes. So clearly the strategic components that Mike referenced are clearly there. There is also tactical financial components of it in that. We wouldn't be able to realize the $150 million in savings this year and the $200 million sustainable savings going forward to offset other increases if we didn't have the operating company President out there working with their colleagues in the transmission side of the business and the generation side of the business, in managing those costs on an operating company basis. Clearly, what we are trying to do is to match the cash flows from the operating companies with the balance sheet strength that we are seeing and allow the operating company Presidents to pull leverage that they need to optimize the return on equity at those operating companies. So the model definitely gives us the opportunity to do what we've been talking about tactically in terms of savings, and we certainly will be able to reap the investment benefits that Mike laid out for the long term.
Brian Tierney: Yes, that's probably a good start, Jonathan. We are going that that process certainly ourselves right now and dispatched this new operating company model out there to take care of working through those numbers. But I would think that would be a good place to start and what I wouldn't want you to do is to take the forecasted O&M that you have in there for 2010 and assume that $200 million is going to come off the top and that's a 2011 number.
Brian Tierney: It is, Greg. And as we talked about a little bit in the closing part of the remarks and I will just fill in a bit, we are still seeing load recovery below what we had in guidance. We were looking at for the year, load recovery of about 1.6% and year-to-date, we are four-tenths of a percent, and we just don't see a 2.8% growth for the balance of the year that's going to get us back up to that number. So the O&M savings will help to offset that. We are watching off-system sales very closely as we are only at matching last year's numbers through half the year. We are seeing a good July, but prices for the balance of the year are off what we had in guidance and we are watching that number very closely.
Brian Tierney: Yes. And that's another piece that I wouldn't say we have confidence in that for the full year. I think we will be somewhere in between the $246 million or so from last year and the $329 million that was forecasted for the balance of the year. So I'm not calling for a hit for that number. I think we will be somewhere in between those two numbers. But Leslie, you did point out obviously that the trading and marketing is down. I wouldn't say that's indicative of a greater trend. It is certainly off versus last year, but you'll remember, last year a lot of what goes in that business is both inception gains from long-term transactions that we enter into, as well as some of the mark-to-market activity associated with some of the options that we engage in. And there has just been lower deal flow for us around the two components of that business. So I – it doesn't reflect a stepping away from that business for us any longer-term trend other than what I'd say the deal flow this year is a little bit less than what we saw last year, particularly in regards to the auction business.
Brian Tierney: Yes. At this point, Leslie, no. We are waiting to see what happens with the CFTC. As you know, so much of the implementation of that was punted to the CFTC and that's where the rulemakings are going to be played out. From the way that things were left and from some of the letters that we've seen from some of the members of the committee, we believe that there will be end-user exemptions and we don't that we will be in the higher category slot dealer, but that will be in an end-user type exemption and think that those exemptions that have been talked about will be available to us in the CFTC rulemakings.
Brian Tierney: Yes. Some of those pieces of business, we match up against our generating assets and others, we will hedge out and we'll put those activities that we hedge out in the trading and marketing side, rather than in the physical off-system sales side.
