Nick Akins: Yes. I think it’s going to continue to improve, Dan. We are probably on the order of 9.6% to 10% in that range for 2016. So, it will continue to improve overall. And then with Kentucky coming up, that’s helpful, although Kentucky is pretty small in the overall comparison, but the others are doing quite well.
Nick Akins: Yes, I think there is still a set of bars out there. It’s just – it certainly goes with the question whether spend option is – while it’s still on the table, it’s more difficult, because you have the paper involved with those companies, but for sale, there is still parties out there and some of the recent transactions have shown that.
Nick Akins: Yes. So, commercial continues to improve math like that’s probably the bright spot of the portfolio. And you have these cycles that change as we go along in the residential. That’s going up and down the last few quarters and it really does drive this view that we need the economy there really start picking up back, particularly from the energy policy perspective if we start exporting or if we continue a build out of the economy that’s focused on energy than our economy will pickup as well. So we are getting some benefits from auto manufacturing and that kind of thing. But primary metals on the world market, mining those kinds of activities are certainly having an impact. So I mean we have been in sort of a strange period for several quarters and actually years now. And we obviously need to get the economy moving again from an energy perspective.
Nick Akins: Yes. Greg, I think you have to sort of look at like in the previous quarters we have been talking about working to drive to try to get to a solution for 2016. And now we move to confident about 2016.
Nick Akins: Yes. So, it won’t negate the discussion. I think really what matters here is as we get through the process with Ohio by the end of the year we have a result that says these particular units are going to be covered by a long-term PPA. Then that says that we are sort of ambivalent whether assuming the PPA addresses our concerns as certainly being long-term. We have lots of plan out there and as well some of the other provisions to ensure that we are able to make it quasi regulated, then we are somewhat ambivalent as to whether we hold those units or not. And I think it certainly bodes well for our ability to hold on those units and still be a regulated utility for the remaining assets that aren’t covered by the PPA. There is still a process ongoing. And so we will go through this. And as I said earlier, our Board has been I mean for the last 2 years as you know, we have been going through this with our Board and the PPA because originally we thought it may be later for decision. No one knew, because we didn’t have the schedule. We are concerned by that and we weren’t going to wait for it. And now there is a scheduled employees. There is hearings that have occurred and we will conclude here pretty soon. We will have a result pretty soon and the PPA is very, very important to our standing in Ohio overall and whether we keep that portion of the generation or not, but it doesn’t change the objectivity and the measure of approach that we are using to go through this process to ensure that we are making the right decisions for our shareholders and so, because we get a PPA, it doesn’t mean certainly that the process is off for any of the remaining generation that’s not covered by that type of PPA. So, we are looking at this very straightforward and we have been very consistent in our discussions. I know last quarter or previous quarter we were saying that we were after the capacity options, the capacity performance supplemental options that we would know and understand a lot more we do. We were assuming that it was a never ending approach associated with getting a PPA resolved and it appears that the Ohio Commission has taken this on seriously and are moving forward with determining where their solution would be. And so we are going to go through that process, fully understand it. And by first quarter next year, our Board will certainly know all the ins and outs of the issues that we are dealing with and then we will move forward.
Nick Akins: Well, certainly there has been a lot of chatter and a lot of discussion with multiple parties in this case. And it’s a complex issue and certainly we continue to have conversations and certainly FE can speak for themselves, but we both have the firm belief that there needs to be some kind of support for this generation in Ohio and it’s really a discussion around what those mechanisms would look like. And so we will continue in discussions with the parties. I will stop there.
Nick Akins: Yes, we all remember that. Some of us do anyway. I am probably talking to some people that don’t even remember us.
Nick Akins: Well, you don’t want to happen to think about that, when I was talking about the bold line, boldly going where no man has gone before.
Nick Akins: Well, so if it’s fully litigated we still expect to get in order by the end of the year. And that’s now fully litigated means, I mean obviously there will still be, I am sure, there will be appeals and all that kind of stuff, but we are actually focusing on the commission order itself, because that really tells us where the policymaking decision in the state is moving towards. And so we certainly believe that will occur before the end of the year.
Nick Akins: Yes. Certainly, I think it depends on what the order looks like, but certainly the – I mean, the commission certainly has taken a deliberative approach to this. And we have certainly done a lot of analysis along with others you participate in hearings about can a PPA be used. We feel really good about where we stand from a legal perspective going forward. I think the real issue is the commission needs to come out with an order that comports with the discussions that occurred relative to the PPA. I mean – so if there is deviation from that in some fashion maybe you could be open yourself up to more substantial appeals. But we have given the recipe, the recipe is there. And certainly, it drives a positive solution for the customers, for Ohio and the commission certainly has the track record to be able to put that kind of thing in place that holds up.
Nick Akins: Praful, a couple of things going on there, one is for the first half of the year we still had some considerable capacity revenues coming from Ohio, that dropped off in May and we will be experiencing that negative impact through the balance of the year. So that’s something that on an annualized basis you need to factor that out of the business going forward. We also had two other pieces that contributed to the general marketing results this year that we don’t think you need – you can consider as regular ongoing items. One is we have had inception gains of about $0.06 per share. And the other is we have had reductions in liabilities that on a positive way flow through O&M associated with the sales of two plants. One is Muskingum River and the other is co-empowerment that we were able to sell. The combination of those two items is another $0.06. So there are some things that you need to factor out if you are going to annualize that business on a go forward looking basis.
Nick Akins: Certainly, I don’t want to get into that too much, because – long-term, to us, I mean we have followed for the life of plant. And I will just say this, the term has to be substantial, because we have to have a feeling that we can invest and with the large capital investments that we make in generation, we need to know that we can do that and be secure from a future perspective. So when I look at even for our FERC wholesale contracts, we have had contracts that are 10 years, 15 years. We have had same customers for 75 years. So when we talk about long-term, it has to be substantial enough for us to make that kind of investment. And so I am not going to say an actual number at this point, because we have lot of plants sitting out there and that’s what we believe what it takes. And we will wait and see what it wants up being. But I can tell you this, 3 years, which is the length of the capacity deal in PJM that was a 3-year capacity market, that’s not long enough. And that’s a problem within PJM and the state has an opportunity to fix that.
Nick Akins: Yes. We had reserved asset retirement obligations that ended up being higher than what we were able to realize by selling the plant to a third-party. So, we were able to get the third-party to take those obligations for less than what we had recorded on the books and that allowed us to flow the difference between what we had recorded through O&M. And we have gone back now and checked the remaining plants both from an engineering standpoint and from a marketing standpoint – from a market standpoint, those values that we have recorded the AROs at and we believe those values to be accurate as they are in the books today.
Nick Akins: We think those prices are going to continue to be under pressure, but I will say this, Paul, and we have talked about this before. We do have, as we go into a year, significant component of that generation is hedged. So, for the third quarter of this year, we are at about 60% of the margins in megawatt hours. We are hedged going into that period. So, we will have similar amounts hedged going forward in 2016. So for two things, one, we will be able to take advantage of prices that they do recover and we do see them under pressure right now in 2016, but also if we were to have unit outages or increase load from our hedges, we wouldn’t be subject to market pricing for that as well.
Nick Akins: I wish I could answer that at this point. There is a lot of context within discussions and there is multiple aspects. There is not just the units that are the generation that’s within a PPA, but really what’s the total answer for Ohio. And I even think about it from a clean power plant perspective. The state of Ohio needs to have some framework for foundation of a transition with base load generation that allows it to make plans associated with ultimate retirements of that generation and replacement with new resources that are put in place. And all incremental resources are either going to be natural gas renewables, certainly, efficiencies regarded the grid itself. Those are the kinds of investments that I think can really drive Ohio to a more balanced energy future that mitigates lot of risk for consumers. And so what we are talking about here is the foundation that we provided for a transition and that’s clearly important. And I think it should be important to the governor, it should be important to the policymakers in the state. And if you drive that kind of solution, you could wind up at a much better place than you would otherwise. And so I know a several lot other than what the direct question you are asking, what’s the percentage of chances, but I think I am going to those kinds of things that should and will be discussed in the framework of supporting a PPA top arrangement.
Nick Akins: I think, it will. There is – it certainly should be settled by the end of the year. And I think goes the settlement route. Then you have to think about okay, how do you argue about the settlement, that kind of stuff and who is involved and all that kind of stuff. If you litigate it, well, the commission needs to make a decision. I am really focused on making sure we drive to a solution as quickly as possible. And this has been 2 years by the way. The first case, it was filed by APE and then FirstEnergy followed up. I think both were certainly, check and speak for them self, but both companies need to get on with the investment and the decisions that need to be made relative to these assets. And I certainly believe there is recognition by the commission that they do need to make this decision.
Nick Akins: Minimum tenure would be a long time. I just want to make sure that everyone understands that if regardless of the solution here, if there is a PPA, there is sort of two parts of the gate here. One is that the commission approves the PPA. The second is what does the PPA look like? And AEP has been very out-front and very focused and measured in our discussion about this to say that our expectation is a long-term PPA, one that goes past a 3-year ESP cycle or has adjustment mechanisms or all that kind of stuff. We want to make sure that we have a long-term PPA that we can depend on and that we can actually make the investments we need to make. So minimum is long-term.
Nick Akins: No, I think we want to make sure that the commissions are certainly involved to this. Now the states are going to take their own approach. I mean, they may litigate. I am sure, some states will litigate it. And – but that could be done in parallel. Our message is regardless of what you decide to do. You really need to work with us on developing a state implementation plan, because that’s the only way that not only can a state have its own approach. And we keep in mind PPA did allow the states to say, okay, come back with a plan and tell us what the reliability implications are. Because I believe that when the states look at their plans and they go through with the process that needs to occur and if there are reliability implications, they are in a much better position to have a plan and the factual information to support that. So – and then who knows what administration changes and all that occurs along the way. But you are also in a much better position to negotiate relative to your own state implementation plan as opposed to one size fits all federal plan that it’s very difficult for one state to change. So this is why we are sort of staying out of the arguments whether states and attorney generals and all that get involved from that perspective, from the litigation perspective. We want to make sure that the states continue to move forward. And for us, states that do work with us on developing these plans will be in a much better position, because every filing we make relative to our resource plan, integrated resource plan or other types of plans, we will be able to comport with what the state really wants to see. That maybe based upon their own unique views of where – how they want to approach this. So, we want to be part of that and be part of that discussion. We want to be able to drive that discussion, because we have a lot of factual information that I think the states will benefit from. We have already started those discussions and we will continue with that dialogue for states that just refuse to do a plan, will continue to look at the clean energy economy of the future and the technology of the future and we will continue to advance that within the resource plans that we have. So, we just want to make sure we have answers to the questions of where states preferences are in terms of resources if they want to move forward with and that were there to do it. And so that’s where we are at. And I believe the states, obviously, have to make their own decisions relative to this, but we are working with the state EPAs and the state public utility commissions. As far as legislation is concerned, we believe each individual state is unique from that perspective, but we will be working with the commissions and we will be making our voice known in terms of where we think it should go in the future.
Nick Akins: Yes. So, we continue to have, I mean, like I said, I think I said last quarter, there is well over 2,000 projects that we are working on today. We have other projects that are waiting for capital and we constantly are reviewing the capital situation that occurs if we wind up with bonus depreciation or other opportunities that we could advance capital. And actually in anticipation of the sale of River ops, we started the transmission spend last quarter when we raised the transmission in anticipation of that, so that we wouldn’t have the delay in terms of the earnings power of transmission associated with that. So, we are constantly looking at ways to do that. You are going to hear more about that at the EEI. So – and we will have more to say about and I think Brian was talking about the capital plans for the future. We will have more to say about that.
Nick Akins: Yes. We historically have been an off-taker of renewables. We have like over 2,000 megawatts of wind power little tired of others taking credit for wind power when they wouldn’t exist without the PPAs that exist from AEP. So, we are going to be obviously much more outspoken about what we are doing relative to PPAs. But also from an investment perspective, we believe for utility-scale solar we should invest in that, because it is a resource of the future and we have very good operations maintenance and project management expertise that we believe we have something to bring to the table in terms of efficiencies associated with that. So, when we talk to our regulatory jurisdictions, remember, our regulatory jurisdictions are sort of on the cusp of dealing with these kinds of situations. So for us, when we follow resource plan, you are going to see some portion natural gas, you are going to see utility scale solar and you are going to see other grid top efficiency technologies to put in place whether it’s energy storage, whether it’s integrated volt/VAR control, information system deployment, advanced metering, those kinds of things will be key to our future. And that’s something that we are very focused on. So we have transmission. Transmission is a great opportunity for us, because it’s a large scale system that needs refurbishment, so as distribution. Distribution is a great opportunity for us. But even the build out of distributed generation, particularly this type of utility scale, we know where to place it on the system. It could be part of a resource plan that’s filed with commissions. And we are in the best position to build and own that type of generation.
Nick Akins: The other thing just to add on to that, the other thing that we are doing is we are focused also on PPA arrangements with customers – directly with customers. And we have done that in some respects with the Ohio State University, with Denison University and others. And as long as we have – again a long-term PPA to back up supply provisions for energy storage, for utility scale solar, for rooftop solar, we will do it. And so that’s why I say, AEP has a very firm foundation. We are not having to spend large amounts of capital on environmental equipment like we spent $8.2 billion that Brian mentioned earlier. We are about done with that. And we have a real opportunity to advance this company in the future from a new age energy supply perspective.
Nick Akins: So, we had a one-time blip there, Hugh, related to O&M. ETP, we had a cross arm issue from some of the build out that we had to do there and we had to spend some dollars to address that physical issue. We don’t anticipate that to be a recurring item. And we believe there was a blip for the quarter and we will be able to get back on track for the end of the year.
Nick Akins: Yes. I think we are willing to work with the states on their own individual unique circumstances. And we will be working in that way. Now, what we are looking at is we would rather see and this is so attentive for us because we are still looking at a mass-based approach, because that’s more amicable to trading within states. But we got to have the state solutions before we really understand how important the trading aspects are going to be, but we believe we are better off of the mass-based approach.
Nick Akins: Yes. You would have to talk to them. Their states may be in different places. I know, California obviously is in a different place and – but it will be unique to each individual region of the country, I believe and really what kind of resources that you are transitioning from within the states as well.
Nick Akins: Yes, that’s what Brian said earlier that the forecast for 2016 and the guidance that we will give in November will still include those generation resources. It’s not an assumption that we are going to continue to own. And I will be careful with that. What it does say is that’s what we know today and so we will plan for 2016 with that assumption. And if something does happen first quarter or whenever a transaction is actually completed, then we will have to re-benchmark and adjust.
Nick Akins: Yes, keep in mind while the rig count is not going up, the electric load is and that’s because there is a lot of consolidation that’s occurring and efficiencies around compressor load that continues to get added. So, just sort of de-link what rig counts doing versus what the electric load itself is doing.
Nick Akins: Yes, I think you are sort of answering the question and that is we have to understand what, certainly, what the proceeds would be. If there is dilution, then there is all kinds of transactions that could be done to mitigate that. But also from a share buyback and that kind of thing, you could make adjustments there as well. So – but, it’s too difficult to answer at this point. I mean, there is so many moving parts in that analysis, but we will certainly go through that process.
Nick Akins: Yes. I guess probably the most contentious issue is the PPA itself. The staff said well, we object to a PPA, but it can work under certain provisions. So, if you get to the second door, then it’s probably tenure and those types of things that would be discussed. I mean, just like with a long-term wholesale provider that we provide to you all the time, it’s always priced tenure and what the provisions are, but I would say certainly on the former getting the PPA addressed and then secondly around tenure and then what’s included.
Nick Akins: Well, I have said there were discussions going on. And so we are obviously going through that process and talking about a lot of issues. And really, I can’t say anything more at this time about that, but I can tell you that we are discussing with several parties.
Nick Akins: I would say not likely, because we are looking for an overall answer to this. I mean, obviously, if the PPA is not put in place, then we have a larger amount of generation that we have to go through this process with. So, they will probably be answered at the same time.
Nick Akins: Well, that’s an interesting question, but I think getting the PPA through and getting whatever units are included in the PPA, well, I would say that the open units that aren’t included in the PPA, we are not going to assume that they are going to be brought back in at some later time. So besides, we really don’t have the time for that.
Nick Akins: Yes, but then you wind up with a lot of additional discovery and that kind of stuff around that. So, I am just saying, potentially it could be done, but it would open up perhaps another can of worms that we have to deal with.
Nick Akins: We will lay out a framework for that at EEI. I need to stop talking about 2014 original guidance, because that’s getting pretty far back in the rearview mirror now, but we will layout that framework at EEI. It’s – our long-term anticipated growth rate is 4% to 6%. And we can normalize everything and take you through that discussion in more detail at EEI with some charts that were put together.
Nick Akins: This thing is going on long in that. And I think that we have to get on with making a decision and really our Board has been dealing with this for 1.5, 2 years now as well. So, it’s very important that we get the answers that we need from the commission, so that we understand what Ohio’s policy is going to be in the future. So, my view is that first quarter this coming year, we will have an answer ready with the commission that we know not so much whether it holds up in quarter or anything like that or what the thinking is. And that’s what’s clearly important is the way we address this process and to not be thinking about it for a long period of time or not hearing what people are thinking about it externally from a policy perspective. That is very important to us. So, my view is our patience is sort of run then here and we need to get on with it.
Nick Akins: I think that’s fair. I think that’s fair. Now, I can’t say that on January 29 or January 30, we think we are going to get an order on February 1 that we are going to pull the plug on January 30. We just – but we fully expect the commission to get done by year end and then, we will go about the process as quickly as we can to focus on what the future holds. And so I am just saying that first quarter will be, we should be in a position where we move on.
