Michael Morris: Yes, they surely wouldn't add them together. And I would direct you toward the low side rather than the high side, as we believe we'll continue to do this in a very cost-effective way. Obviously, somewhere in between is the answer. But no, you shouldn't add them together, Dan.
Michael Morris: Well I guess, we'll have to have -- better Joe get back with a little more of specificity of that question. Some of it is being done, but I want to make sure we give you a pretty concrete number. Clearly, on the leased exposed plant, we continue to make capital investments as required. We're making some progress of some design activity on the partially exposed. And on the fully exposed, making no capital expenditures on an environmental side, for sure.
Michael Morris: Dan, I think you know that we had done a lot of work on the Cameron Care [ph] rules as they existed and they were vacated in 2009. There's been no real design for the rules that they might come out of the EPA in 2011 or how they might be finalized by the end of the year. And you can see, by the way that they did 316(b) and the way that they looked at some of the issues on the mercury-enhanced rules, they've given us some flexibility. We're going to argue for a little bit more. Our company like American Electric Power, with it is in-house engineering skills. What I don't want my team to do, to be cost effective and to be cost control is to design something that then needs to be redesigned, and then redesign and redesign. My engineers have plenty of talent and plenty of desire to do that, so let me tell you, it takes a lot to stop them from doing all that. But this has been kind of the mantra of some of the utilities and don't have the same endeavors. They keep saying, "Oh everyone's known for 10 years, this is out there." That's just not true. We had gone, and in fact, made capital investments to comply with Cameron Care and many of those have already been approved in our end rates and being recovered. But they are also going to satisfy some of the requirements going forward for these formula rules. So again, I think you are very well aware of the skill sets of the engineering team here at AEP. We're ready to go whenever these rules come out final, and we've got nine of these units done. It takes 48 months to bid them, to design them, to build them, to sync them to the system. To think you can do that in 24 or 36 months is folly. To think that you can do that with the magnitude of what will the need to be done across the country is simply unachievable. So at the end of the day, one way or another , the Federal Government will come to the realization that we can't shut the U.S. economy off, and we got to address the time line that makes sense. We can get everybody to where they want to go environmentally by 2020. That's two or three years beyond what they could do the plan at 2016 or '17. And I've done it in a reasonable way. That's our advocacy, that will continue to be our advocacy. But this whole notion that these things have been out there for a long time is poppycock.
Michael Morris: Paul, when we look at some of the -- when you look at a number of our smaller plants and we'll place that they stack up in the overall dispatch stack, they run not very frequently, particularly with gas prices the way that they are. And I think it would be very difficult for us to go to the state commissions and say, "Let's replace 5,500 megawatts with 5,500 megawatts when the capacity factors are in the 20% and 30% range." Some of it we may have to do more depending on how much renewables we have to do, because as you know, the intermittency of renewables need to be augmented by combined-cycle gas. But when you get to these units and you look at the overall bus [ph] per cost of the power, particularly because of the efficiencies and what we believe to be reasonable gas prices, we think can handle all of our retail load needs going forward with fewer megawatts than the 5,500 we'll take offline.
Michael Morris: Well that is well as -- as you know, we continue to advocate very strongly for an augmentation of the transmission grid. And if some of that were to be done, you'd have to just simply build fewer megawatts, which is a real cost savings for everyone. And again, we hope that's something that the Federal Government can finally get their arms around.
Michael Morris: Well Paul, there are two ways to look at that. So the whole issue in front of the Supreme Court was that the Commission had really looked at the overall value proposition for the customers of us being a provider of last resort. But in the order, they said that polar was cost based. The argument was that there wasn't any identifiable cost other than this formula that we put there. And because they said it was cost based and there wasn't enough support for that, the Supreme Court came to the only decision that they could. However, as you leave the order, the Supreme Court also said, "That formula is fine, if that's what you'll use. Just tell us that, that's what you used going forward." You may remember also that the Supreme Court said that it's kind of difficult to understand this because American Electric Power hasn't incurred any lost load or customers switching. Well clearly, that's the case today. So we think there's plenty of room on remand for the Commission to satisfy that if they'd like. If they want to go the other side and have a detailed cost demonstration of what it takes to keep units always ready to run whenever people come back, we'll be happy to do that. The only thing we're trying to say is that there's plenty of room on remand for the Commission to handle this in any way that they would like. And we will be fully prepared to respond to whatever their data needs are.
Michael Morris: So I think what you're seeing here is a pretty reasonable family response to the overall escalation of a number of prices in the marketplace that the they deal with every day. Food's more expensive, gasoline's more expensive. Many other things are continuing to go forward in a almost uncontrolled basis. So I think customers are, at long last, doing some of the energy conservation that we've felt would come our way eventually. As I've always said, Americans know how to conserve, and they are always driven by their pocketbook, and that's what I think we're seeing. Long term trend though, we aren't seeing less meters, we're seeing more meters. You look at the sales of electric appliances during the fourth quarter of 2010 and the first quarter of 2011, it remains high. So I wouldn't worry about it to a great degree, but there is an effect over both of those quarters. We will watch it very closely, but it doesn't cost us to make any change. One of the nice things that you see on that slide is that, different from our 2010 experience, commercial sales are coming back in a very strong way. We're encouraged by that. That has a lot to do with the unemployment rates going down, people getting jobs. And since they're working all day, they're eating out instead of staying home and cooking. We're seeing some differences, but nothing to be alarmed.
Michael Morris: Sure, so if you -- well, all you need to do is look at those numbers and take the Ohio Power and the Columbus Southern Power Company numbers and break those out. So it'd be probably a pretty direct proportional basis. Look at the megawatts in total, divide it into the dollars in total and you'll get your own answer.
Michael Morris: Well whenever they issue the order on the 2012 ESP, which we now know will clearly be in calendar year '11, the schedule calls for all of that to happen toward the latter half of the year. We think something with the overall hearing concluding in July, order could be issued some time near that point in time. We continue to talk to all of the folks about the potential to address some kind of a settlement in the clear message of what that means. But again -- and I don't want to downplay the Supreme Court decision, but what it does say is read the letter of the law. And the letter of law says these kinds of expenses, if demonstrated to be required, are absolutely non-bypassable.
Michael Morris: Well what I meant by that particular point was that what you'll see inside the PJM, both for the overall bidded price for capacity, as well as off-system sales in the energy prices with you, if you take our 5,500 megawatts of retired station and you multiply that across the region by others who will have the same challenge, those fees will go up. And that's good for our shareholders and obviously, good for the energy send out that we'll have from American Electric Power. But to your point, when I look out five or 10 years, I think this will be a very rate-base oriented company without question. The transmission activities that we're doing are either rate-based at the state level or the federal level as you know with FERC rates that we feel are very appropriate going forward. And I think you'll see, I would hope, based on comments that have been made here by the governor here in Ohio, particularly about the need for jobs created in Ohio and electricity to be produced in Ohio, I think you'll see a much different view, five or 10 years down the road as to how we'll handle these activities here in this state. The governor made a very interesting speech as he swore in the newest member of the Commission, Andre Porter. And when he said Ohio has a choice to either be an energy buyer like California and at the expense of all other neighboring states or to be self-sufficient in energy as he thinks Ohio ought to be. We took great comfort in those statements.
Michael Morris: Well that would go into -- if they're off-system sales, they would go into the sharing formulas that we have throughout all of the jurisdictions. And I don't know that they would change a great deal. One of the things that the Supreme Court said about sharing in Ohio is that system that it has no requirement for that going forward. So we think that the capacity numbers will be affected by the approach we take in the next round in PJM or [indiscernible] whether we're not. So all of those will come to the benefit of all of our eastern jurisdictions, we think, as we go forward.
Michael Morris: Well we're doing reasonably well in that activity also, Paul. It looks like 1.5 million megawatt-hours, so we continue to have some success. And we'll continue working there. So it's almost like the old telephone game of customers call and say, they're leaving. And we offer them an equally attractive rate or something even a bit higher than the competitor because over the years, we've treated these customers pretty well, and they know that. So we're seeing some success in our retail operation. Then we continue to be aggressive in other jurisdictions other than our own.
Michael Morris: We're ready, willing and able to go forward whenever the PJM wakes up and makes a decision that makes sense.
Michael Morris: Well as -- well, let's go back to one of the earlier questions, why do you need to replace 5,500 megawatts with about 1,000 megawatts combined cycle gas? The PATH project would allow for rationalization of facilities being built throughout the PJM to handle the impact of the potential premature offline reality that will come from the EPA rules. So clearly, things are lining up to that project being done. It has always made sense, and we believe that it will always make sense. We aren't spending a penny on it right now, however, because it's crystal clear that the way PJM sees it, they don't think they need it until 2020. We think time will demonstrate that it needs to be a little bit earlier than that. And we stand ready to move forward on that project, with or without our current partners.
Michael Morris: Well I'll tell you, we had a very interesting meeting with them a week or so ago with their leadership team. And I think they got an eye opener. And there's no question that there will be retirements from these activities. And you also see the arguments in front of the FERC that, please don't make the demand response players actually respond to demand reductions. I mean, how silly can that possibly be? If you're going to manage your demand by people saying, we'll drop offline when peaks are tough, and then they argue that they don't want to be dropped offline. You can't run a farm like that, that's PJM's shortcoming.
Michael Morris: I wouldn't. It really is too early. I think a lot of folks are still reading it to see what it does to their whole card. But what I quoted to you is verbatim from Senate Bill 221. That's exactly what it says. And we find great comfort in that, we have always found comfort in that. The Commission has not had to address the issue. We've put it in front of them in this ESP, particularly as it pertains to environmental investments. We are, as I mentioned, quite heartened by the words that we heard from Governor Casey. Simply saying that he has no desire for the state of Ohio to become a net importer of electricity at the whims of the neighboring states, who our competing for the same economic development investments and jobs that Ohio will compete for. We feel pretty comfortable about what we're seeing when you look at the elected officials as well as phraseology we heard from some interviews with some of the commissioners as they were being -- taking over the chairmanship as well as joining the commission staff.
Michael Morris: Well I think that the three utilities that want to make capital investments in Ohio see the thing pretty clearly and collectively that capital investment in Ohio is important. We've also all made it very clear that if we don't receive the appropriate message that capital investment in Ohio on the generation fleet, we'll simply not go forward. Stations will be unfortunately shut down. Property taxes will go down, job, unemployment numbers will go up. And so the cheer to the ESP is let's create jobs in Ohio. Let's be self-sufficient electricity, so that we can bring other jobs into Ohio, and let’s put capital works so that the property tax base in the jurisdictions where those stations are located, go up. That's a pretty good cheer against the other one, which is, let's not build anything. Let's have electric rates go higher so that we force jobs out of Ohio. And let's have the cost of electricity go up. Let's cheer for Ohio shrinking. That's not much of a cheer, so we feel comfortable about where we are.
Michael Morris: Well, it really doesn't. All it says is that the Commission would have to have another view of how to go about determining what the exact polar charge ought to be. I'm sure you know, Neil, that there are different charges for residential, commercial, industrial customers. They would have to go back through those numbers and simply find some comfort that those are reasonable charges to have. Take a look at Michigan. I know a lot of you follow other states. We do business in Michigan, so we're pretty familiar with that. You can't just have a fleet sitting around and putting no capital to work on it, and then when all of a sudden, 22% of your commercial load decides to come home all on the same day because other suppliers have failed to perform, you just can't turn it around like that. So provider of last resort is something that we take very seriously as do all of the other utilities here in Ohio. And doing it on a standing basis, as we're required to do, has cost associated with it. We can demonstrate those. We tried to demonstrate the value proposition in the overall formula that we presented. And the Supreme Court said pretty clearly that if that's the way you'd like to go commission, just tell us that on remand. So Commission has this in their hands. We think that they'll be reasonable about how to go about doing it. And we will be required to just file those charges. Or they'll get adjusted, and if they do, they do.
Michael Morris: Well remember, when you read the case, what they said to the Commission in earlier cases about polar, was that they needed to be somewhat specific about how they came to the determinations. And what the court is saying to the Commission here, not that what you've done is wrong or violative of 221, it's just that you're telling us you're basing it on cost, yet when we look at the record, we do not see an adequate support for the cost that you say that you're basing it on. However, we see this formula and if the formula is what you determine to be the base of it, that's fine with us. Just tell us that. So it isn't illegal. That's why they remanded it rather than fixed it themselves. They simply said, you need to give us more information so we can see a clearer path on the logic for the decision that you made.
Michael Morris: No, no. It kind of -- again, the phraseology in the order itself for the 2009 ESP says, we are basing the polar charge on costs, as well as the protection that it yields to the customers. But the cost base of polar will be the X, Y and Z for the three classes of customers. And the record just simply doesn't have a full portrayal of what those costs are. So there have been a number of appeals already determined on the 209 ESP by the Supreme Court. And in those, they simply have continued to send messages to the Commission. 221 gives you a great deal of latitude without question, but you need to demonstrate to us where your decision falls within the latitudes granted. So if you look at the environmental spend in the nine subsets, we would argue and may well yet argue in front of the Supreme Court that the introductory term, "without limitation" means that those nine are enumerated, but that there could be '10, '11 and '12. That was the review that the Commission took. What the Supreme Court in their order was, without limitation, means these nine are very, very broad, and you can stop a lot of things in them if you'd like, but make sure you tell us which of the nine they qualify for and tell us why you believe they fit into that place. So nothing illegal, nothing out of bounds, nothing really wrong. Just give us more data and more rationale for why you made the decisions that you made in the '09 case. And that will spill over we think in a potentially constructive way in the '12 case because the appeals in '12, I would argue, should be less because the specificity by the Commission will be more.
Michael Morris: Well we think that we've made those portrayals in the filing that we've got in front of the Commission. And that will surely be part of the record as it continues to unfold. When you look at the overall market price over a three-year cycle and you look at the rates that we've included for generation in the ESP and the investments that we might need to make, they keep some of those very cost-effective power plants online. We think that we'll be able to demonstrate that. But it will be detailed, cross-examination testimony in the actual hearings that will go on. So it would take us until about 10:30 to share all of that data with you, and that really isn't accomplishable on a phone call. But that's our challenge, and that's what we're fully convinced we'll be able to do as we've done many times before.
Michael Morris: No, what we've included was a rider that would adjust for environment investments that are made on a going-forward basis. So the way that, that would happen is we would make a demonstration to the commission that these needed to be done in compliance with whether it's the Transport Rule or the Mercury HAPs rule or 316(b) or CCS. And you would demonstrate that you bid out the concept of who's going to actually implement the construction of the policy. And those would be the touchstones. And once demonstrated, you'd make the rider adjustment.
Michael Morris: Well we'll continue to try to demonstrate that as we go forward with doing it. So it really would be up to the Commission to look at that activity as they go. These are the same decisions that they had to make last time. You could have easily looked at the ESPs that we all did and looked at market rates and forecasted them as they've actually unfolded. We probably would've all been on an MRO over the last couple of years instead of ESPs. So these are difficult decisions for the Commission to make, but we think decisions that they, in fact, will make.
Brian Tierney: Still the bulk of it would be on the final determination of the EPA that the flexibility that they talked about isn't necessarily real. And the timeline debate that we are making is also unachievable. Because what you'll see on the high side is a seller's market for the welders and facilitators of the design of facilities, as well as the build of the facilities. So we think that when you think of the overall economic impact that clearly is going to be debated in the House and the Senate, it already is on both the Democrat and Republican side of the aisles we think we'll be closer to the low side going forward. So if everyone is out bidding for the same stuff at the same time, it's going to get more expensive. If we've got a longer time line and we can be an early mover because we've already done a lot of environmental study of our stations and their emissions -- and to the earlier question, we've already done a great deal of preliminary design that we know won't change much, we think we'll be an early mover in that space, and that will allow us to continue to be on the lower side.
Brian Tierney: Yes, Paul, this is Brian Tierney. We're at about 12%, 12.7% of total CSP load right now. And as you know, we expected to see that ratably over the year, and guidance go to about 17%. One of the reasons we're not overly concerned about that is we think that there's more switching up front as some of that lower hanging fruit is taken off by some of the competitive retail suppliers. And we think that, of the people who will stay, they're becoming a larger percentage of the remaining pool. We're also seeing, as I mentioned earlier, some capacity and energy offsets in terms of sales that we're able to make to help financially offset the customers who are leaving our system. So while the percentage is higher than what we'd forecasted at this time of the year, the financial impact is not commensurate with that higher percentage.
Brian Tierney: Some of the things that we talk about in off-system sales, in terms of the heat rates being higher than what we thought in the market. So as we're able to dispatch our units that aren't being dispatched for use of our own load or are unable to take those into market, that's higher than what we thought. And just in terms of volume, as some of those customers leave us and they're paying capacity payments, they're exceeding where we thought we'd be at this time, year-to-date, associated with the volume that's being served by competitive suppliers.
