Julie Sloat: Yes, Steve, this is Julie. I'll jump in here with some financial details, and I know Nick will jump in with some additional color. Let me talk about how we're thinking about this for 2022 because, as you know, 2021 was a bit of an anomaly with Storm Uri. So that kind of led to some different earnings streams that probably are not indicative of the asset base. So for 2022, what we're thinking is - and there's a little bit of wiggle room in here, talk about mid-teens in terms of sense, in terms of contribution to 2022 earnings. So if you want to kind of put a band around it, I don't know, $0.13 to $0.17 associated with those assets in particular, that gives you a little order of magnitude there.
Julie Sloat: I don't have something to share with you today. And as you know, the renewable portfolio in terms of contracted assets is comprised of about, what, 1,600 megawatts of capacity, and that obviously varies from project to project. And as we said in our opening comments, we would be looking to monetize a portion or all of that over a period of time. So obviously, that will vary by asset and in projects specifically. So that's the only reason I'm being a little opaque on the EBITDA statistics.
Julie Sloat: Yes. Steve, again, this is Julie. There is a project specific debt, and there's a tax equity on obligation component to it as well. So as of 12/31/21, the debt component was around $252 million, tax equity about $123 million. So all in, you're talking about $375 million.
Julie Sloat: Yes. So Jeremy, you're right on. In an ideal situation, we would like to pick the landing on every equity issuance and be able to kind of sidestep that and have a really strong balance sheet in conjunction with that. We'll see how ultimately the timing goes, as I mentioned in my opening comments, there will be a bias toward trying to alleviate that pressure that you might otherwise perceive around equity issuances. But as you know, if you look at our financing plan, there's not a lot out there, $100 million of DRIP in 2023. And as Nick mentioned, we've got the convertibles that convert this year and next year. So we're in good shape. But to the extent that we can maximize value of asset sales and time those, yes, that would be definitely something we'd be interested in doing. But again, the idea is to hit on all of those objectives. 6% to 7% earnings growth hit nicely and comfortably in the guidance range that we give to you for 2022. And make sure that we're right alongside with the solid balance sheet metrics of 14% to 15% for that FFO to debt statistic. So we'll thread the needle.
Julie Sloat: No, I think you're hitting on it. I mean the other thing that we'll make sure that we're sensitive to Julien is obviously, customer rate is always sensitive to that. But to Nick's point, this allows us to set the runway, again, gives us confidence in the boost to the growth rate of 6% to 7% for the obvious reasons. And then the objective is to, again, maintain the balance sheet, continue to derisk and simplify the business portfolio and make sure that we're hitting comfortably in the guidance range that we give to you as we give that to you sequentially. Every year, we come out with a new guidance range for the upcoming year, and we'll continue to fine-tune that.
Julie Sloat: I can jump in another statistic that might be helpful to Julien as well. So when we look back at 2021, the rate relief we had assumed in guidance was something like $230 million as we got and then closed in on the end of the year, we had already secured something like 112% of that. So we were over what we had anticipated. So that gave us some momentum. And looking at 2022, so there's an updated 2022 waterfall for guidance in the presentation today that's got the actualization for 2021 and then some refinements for 2022 in conjunction with the growth rate uplift. But we're assuming about $381 million of rate relief. And this is before the Indiana settlement that was approved yesterday. We had already secured 55% of that. So we're north of 55%. I need to go back and do the math to boost that number up to accommodate the order that we got for Indiana. But again, validating and giving us confidence that now is the time to do this obviously, came in with a strong year in 2021, giving us the momentum and assurance around those regulatory recoveries that we had anticipated and a little bit more. So that's to give you a little bit of statistics to match what Nick just shared with you.
Julie Sloat: Yes. Yes. We would expect a little tax leakage there. But as you know, we're not entirely efficient with our tax credits. So we've got a little bit of wiggle room because we've got some tax credits sitting on the bench. So I wouldn't necessarily look to that being as a stumbling block or a material gating item for us. So we'll be able to manage through that.
Julie Sloat: To add a finer point to that as well. To get right to the heart of your question, we do not expect to rebase our earnings when we take action on selling these assets in particular. And as we mentioned, it will take a little bit of an accordion feature to it in the sense that over time, these transactions will occur so we've got some flexibility there. And then with the redeployment of the cash coming in the door back to regulated utilities, so whether it's transmission or a combination of transmission and regulated renewables we feel confident that we'll be able to maintain the guidance ranges and continue along the trajectory.
Julie Sloat: Actually, we are having conversations. And as I mentioned earlier, we keep them apprised of all aspects of our business. So from a credit risk profile perspective, this should be viewed as a favorable step, again, as a commitment and continued twist towards traditional regulated portfolio of assets. So I can't speak for them as it relates to what those thresholds would be, but 14% to 15% is most definitely within the wicket as it relates to a solid and strong balance sheet, I would submit to you again, BAA2 stable, BBB flat, stable. That's where we expect to be with that 14% to 15%. And please do reach out to the credit rating agencies to make sure that they're armed with everything we know so that they can take care of you all.
Julie Sloat: To give you a little more color if this is helpful. I'm on Page 13 of the slide presentation today, and I'm looking at the industrial quadrant in the lower left side of that slide. As you point out, we are looking at a 5% -- 5.7% uplift in that particular weather normalized load. And it's really driven by previous economic development activities. As Nick pointed out today, those economic development opportunities really set the foundation for the future. So we're reaping the benefits of stuff that we've done in the past as you look at that forecast and that covers many sectors, metals, chemicals, paper, oil and gas, but about 99% of the load expansion in 2022 comes from our T&D segment in Texas and Ohio. Just to give you a little bit more color. And then that obviously drives you over to the right side of the slide, looking at 2022 estimated across the entire Board a 1.6% lift is what we're assuming. And then as Nick mentioned, beyond to the extent that we can push it to 1% on an ongoing basis, that would be fantastic, and that would be our hope and expectation.
Julie Sloat: I guess let me ask or answer it this way. So we will have gains on the sales. And typically, when we have gains on sales of assets, capture those and the reconciliation gap to operating earnings, so we would kind of offset those. But asked another way or another question we got earlier, Paul, I don't know if you asked or heard this, but we were asked, would we be in a taxable gain situation. So I'll answer that question too. The answer would be yes. But we do have tax credits sitting on the bench that we'd be able to utilize against that. So what we don't want folks to do is worry about that being a real material gating item, we'd be able to manage through that.
Julie Sloat: Correct. That's correct. Yes. That will get captured in the reconciliation. Yes. you got it, not in operating earnings.
Nick Akins: Yes. We actually feel good about it because with Traverse coming online, that's really the last major physical addition for this year. And then most of the renewables that are being applied for are in that '24 and '25 range. So you still have time for supply chain to pick up and certainly from a pricing perspective to be able to adjust. So we feel really good about our position because we're not in the middle of something where we're having to adjust. And then -- so that's - we're in a good position going forward.
Nick Akins: Yes. And actually, and I've said this, we're - we have two pinnacles of growth. We've got the transmission side, which we have plenty of capability relative to project flow to be able to check and adjust along the way. It's huge. And then, of course, on the renewable side of things, we have approximately in there about 50% estimate for ownership, which is sort of a view going into it. But I can say that because of after Storm Uri, after many of the effects in terms of utility ownership, we believe that ownership level is going to be higher than that. Matter of fact, in the Virginia side, it looks like 75% of it is owned and the other filings we're making is primarily 100% owned. So - and that really says to us that you're seeing a continual progression of really the standard view of portfolio management going forward. I think you're in the age of that and asset optimization to ensure that we're putting our capital in the right places. And that says there's a prioritization scheme as we go forward. Now I can't say today what that prioritization scheme looks like. But certainly, Kentucky was an example of that. First, it was the unregulated generation. Before that, it was the - I guess it was the barge line facilities. And you're seeing that step toward clarification, simplification and making sure that we are optimizing the capital in the right places. And today, we have, as I said earlier, the transmission in particular, we will not give up our position as being the largest transmission provider in this country by far. We have the bandwidth. We have the ability to move projects forward. And then on the renewable side, we're at the leading front edge of a major transformation that's going to benefit our ability to not only help in terms of customer rates because the renewables being brought in, but also to be able to deploy the capital necessary to make that happen. So you're going to see a continual process of moving forward with those kinds of activities. And the fact of the matter is, our renewables are now focused on capacity replacements, and so that's a natural progression of what occurs within the regulated framework. And for us, it puts us in great shape to make sure that these projects are actually needed. They actually produce benefits for consumers, and we have the backup capacity to provide for the demand periods. We're in a great position for this transformation. That's why we want to take advantage of it. So for those jurisdictions that meet those areas where transmission, the ability to participate in the clean energy transformation, those will be the high priority assets that we look at going forward.
Nick Akins: Yes. The way it sits right now, we look for sustainability when we make these adjustments associated with the growth rate, particularly the long-term growth rate. We would not have made this long-term growth rate if we didn't see a solid progression of the sustainability of the 6% to 7%. And actually, the project flow that you're seeing the - certainly, the reallocation of capital and actually - this is sort of an aside, but certainly, when we go from contracted renewables to the migration to a full suite of regulated renewables, it's -- we want to keep the talent that we have too, to make that transition and really focus on that effort. So I would say that the fundamentals are in place for continued optimization, solidification of 6% to 7%, validation of a midpoint that's higher than our previous midpoint and confirms to investors that we feel really good about the position that we're in. And as we go along, we'll see what happens, but we always look at -- when we make guidance changes and long-term growth changes, we look at the sustainability of that for years to come because consistency and quality of earnings and dividend are paramount to us.
Nick Akins: Yes. I think it would be great if we could map it exactly to what the equity needs are in the future. But I can say that certainly, this is a big part of our ability to manage the portfolio so that we obviate the need for new equity, but you still have ATMs, you still have the convertibles that are coming on during that period of time. But at this point, we sit really good. I don't know if you want to go...
Nick Akins: Yes. So - and obviously, we're taking a good hard look at that. Our achieving excellence program has been in place for a couple 3 years now. And it's really showing the value of our organization completely going through. And actually, it should be known, one of the silver linings of COVID if there is a silver lining of COVID is that made us think about what was truly needed for the company going forward, particularly when you made all these adjustments to compensate for what we thought would be a really negative approach to the economy during that period. So we're going to take those learnings and continue to focus on bending the O&M curve. And of course, that becomes even more of a challenge given labor rates, given certainly if there is supply chain-related activities on the long term. But we feel really confident in our ability to continue to bend that curve or at least hold it flat, but we'll certainly continue to focus on that. And that's a huge part of what we're doing because all these pieces sort of fit together where every dollar of O&M we're able to put $7 of capital in place with the reduction. So we have the focus on reducing the O&M as much as possible, and it's advantageous to us because we have a huge pipeline of additional capital opportunities that we could take advantage of for the betterment of customer service and so forth. And it's all sort of ties together. The load forecast has clearly been positive recently, and it looks like it's going to continue to be positive. That's good for cash flow and good for our ability to invest. And then certainly, all those things sort of fit together, but we'll continue to focus in on all of those activities going forward.
Nick Akins: The ability that we have to accelerate and deaccelerate is of tremendous value. And certainly from the contracted renewables process that we go through, that's going to be a benefit. Our ability to accelerate and deaccelerate, whether it's transmission, whether it's renewables, those are clear options that we have available to us that we didn't have before. And when you think about the progress that we're going to make and the ability to focus on even continuing to advance the capital needs. That's something that all these things are going to have to come together, but I can tell you that the foundation and the clear optimism around that continues to benefit us. And it will be a process, and that's why I mentioned the Analyst Day. I think it's going to be important in the Analyst Day for us to not only obviously celebrate the sale of Kentucky, but also to focus in on what the transactions are going to look like, what the structure of these deals are going to look like, the timing and be able to also talk about what capital looks like in the future based on what we're seeing relative to load and everything else.
Nick Akins: No, thanks for the question because at November EEI, there was a lot still outstanding. We had 10 cases going on out there. I know we got a lot of questions about, okay, why has it taken so long in Ohio? Is your relationship? What's it like in Ohio? And it was like 2 weeks after that, that we got both cases done and they were clean orders. And our relationship is great with the regulators in Ohio and with legislature. So it was -- and then you had all the other cases that were still outstanding that came through I&M on Rockport. Certainly, there was a PSO base case that was done right at the end of the year. So you had all these things going on. But the other thing too is Kentucky transaction is still ongoing. And the process -- and it's -- like I said, it started with unregulated generation and certainly everything we knew before and that we need to solidify the consistency of our earnings going forward. Well, Kentucky was the first of the primary business units that we really took a look at. And now that, that process is ongoing, okay, what's the next step in our evolution? And when you think about those 2 pinnacles of growth, everything that we're going to be doing supports that ability to move that forward. We know -- and it wasn't lost on us that during November EEI when we reduced the transmission investment, there was an unintended message that, that somehow the transmission pipeline was ending or there were challenges associated with projects, and that was not the case. I mean we said that then, and we continue to fortify that measure. I think it was important for us to come out at this earnings call and set the record straight on what the firmness of the foundation of this company and its ability to move forward in a very, very positive way. And I just -- I wasn't going to let November EEI stand.
Nick Akins: Yes. And as I said at the beginning of the call, this process is not over. I mean we are continuing the process of really fine-tuning the optimization around all of our assets. And certainly, from a resource perspective to be able to take the contracted renewables and the talent that's there and be able to migrate that over to a massive build-out associated with regulated renewables is a great opportunity for us and certainly everyone involved with it because this process is going to continue. And certainly, we want to register that we will and have been a participant in that process. But the why now question is important. I mean the why now question is that we're at the precipice and I sort of presage this, I guess it was third quarter last year, but we're at the precipice of substantial movement toward a clean energy economy. You can do it with the transformation of renewables, you can do it with -- certainly with other types of technologies that are developing, but it also requires transmission. And certainly, just the refurbishment of transmission and distribution, by the way, we have a huge pipeline relative to distribution, too, that's been identified. That's really -- all of those are opportunities for us to focus in on what's truly important to our customers, but also to our shareholders.
Nick Akins: Yes, sure thing. Well, obviously, the state of Kentucky was concerned about the FERC case and the timing of it and how it would impact their schedule. So certainly, we recognize that and wanted to accommodate the Kentucky Commission. So we pulled down the FERC filing, and we'll certainly refile the FERC filing after Kentucky does their review. And of course, with the state approvals at that particular time, we may get a quicker response from FERC. So -- and that's -- I think they have 60 days, but it could happen earlier than that. But still, that keeps us in the second quarter. It'd be May to June time frame, but still in the second quarter. So that's not an issue for us. And I know that -- there's certainly a lot of dialogue will occur. It already has relative to Mitchell and how it works and then also in terms of what interveners may think about the transaction, but that's a typical -- any time you get into a sale of in a transaction. That kind of thing will occur and there'll be discussions and we'll get it all resolved. So we're still very confident that we're going to get that done because actually, the new owner has made commitments of jobs and those types of activities within the state of Kentucky. And I think it's really important for anyone looking at this transaction to recognize that you're putting this utility in the hands of a reputable operator. They'll do a good job managing the investments, but also a good job in the communities, and they're very focused on that. So really, the -- this process should be a forward-looking process, not a past process -- past-looking process. So I really think that that's going to carry the day.
Nick Akins: I think you should look at the contracted renewables is supporting the 6% to 7% with the base of '22.
Nick Akins: We -- any long-term forecast, we tend to temper. We're actually getting in the process of a new forecast. But right now, we've estimated about 1% increase. And I think you'll see that this -- what was overall 1.5 or something like that.
Nick Akins: Yes, 1.6%. So we're going into the year, assuming 1%. And with the investments being made by these large customers, industrial is always a leading edge relative to commercial and residential. So -- and then also when you look at the numbers, 1 year over another, it isn't quite apples and apples because of COVID and the impacts there. So you'll see a reduction in the residential. But if you look at pre COVID, it's more, it's higher because the stay-at-home environment has continued, work-from-home environment has continued. So we get the benefits of a more robust residential and at the same time, industrial picking up. And in fact, when you look at our service territory in relation to what's going on internationally, we do have strong energy growth and energy-related activities in our territories and manufacturing activities. And with onshoring around security, the point I was making earlier, we're going to wind up working pretty well from a growth perspective from a load standpoint.
Nick Akins: Yes. So -- well, you had the intervenors that came in. And -- and they're really trying to adjudicate issues that were already resolved by the Kentucky Commission. And so we'll go through that process of discussions with them. As far as Kentucky is concerned, obviously, they're looking to try to hold customers harmless during the transaction and really, as we look at this transaction, they're in good shape going forward. So I think, obviously, we'll have those discussions as we go along.
