Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah, Greg. Obviously, a great question. We continue to try to get other parties on board. But as we said from the beginning, it was extremely important to get the industrials on board in Oklahoma. And I think by getting them on board, it certainly sets the predicate for the opportunity for the commissioners themselves to look at this and say, okay, we've got both the industrial customers and Walmart, and the customers have spoken. Now, there are other parties, as you mentioned. And certainly, we're trying to get the Oklahoma staff engaged in this process and, certainly, the Attorney General – probably not likely to get the Attorney General on board. But others will continue to be open to that, including the Attorney General. But at this point, though, I think it's framed up pretty well, because a lot of work's been done in the background. Our people have been working tirelessly with all these parties around the various jurisdictions to try to drive some consistency around what the risks were being taken. And a lot of it centered on the 10-year look-backs, the performance guarantees, certainly the force majeure-related provisions as well. And it really – as we looked at it, and as I mentioned early on in our discussion, you have to – if you're going to do regulated renewables, then certainly we'll have to meet the market on what risks are being taken relative to regulated renewable investments. And we looked at it, looked at it in a lot of detail. We have a lot of, like – as I mentioned earlier, engineering and construction. We looked that in detail, the operational characteristics of particularly the generation tie (22:16), and we've come a long way in terms of the evaluation of those risks. We were willing to take it, and the industrials were ultimately supportive. So, I think it just sets the tone for continued discussions. But as far as I'm concerned, we've put it in a very good place, and you'll note that those provisions are pretty consistent with the settlements that have been done previously by SPS over in New Mexico and Texas. And we're having discussions with the Texas parties now. So, you're starting to see, in my opinion, a coalition around what risk parameters, what the framework of a deal looks like, and I see that momentum gaining.
Nicholas K. Akins: Well, the odd part about it is, if Wind Catcher gets approved, ultimately it's going to help the ROE overall because PSO has a really small rate base. I mean, essentially, no generation's been built there for quite a period of time. So you're really dealing with a large company that – with a lot of PPAs for generation. So, the rate base itself has dwindled to really pretty small. I mean it's less than 5% of the earnings of the corporation. And so, when you think about where PSO is heading, if Oklahoma really wants to develop infrastructure around these types of assets, energy assets, to take advantage of wind power, natural gas, certainly indigenous sources for that territory, we're going to have to see positive signals on those types of investments. And they really do need to fix the issue of recovering transmission cost as well on a timely basis. So, a lot of this rate lag type of activity, it took a long time for the last rate case and actually the rate case pretty much turned out to be very disappointing. I was really expecting more from the Oklahoma Commission from that perspective, but I think there were a lot of issues that were being dealt with there that, hopefully, next time we'll be able to get over and we will be following another rate case in Oklahoma. But certainly, the Wind Catcher approval is what we have our sights on right now.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah, we'll be fine. Really, we have to get to a point of getting these orders in place, and then we'll cover it with our board, obviously, in our July meeting. And then once they approve it, we're off and running. So if we get it in that June timeframe, we get the orders in the May to June timeframe, we'll be in good shape.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. I think certainly the 10-year look-back, because obviously the customers want to see a benefit, and we're convinced there will be a benefit. Now, that goes to the operations of the facilities. But the 10-year look-back obviously measures the benefits that customers see, and that analysis is based upon our existing generation. So, we feel pretty good about how that would work out. And then when you look at the force majeure provisions, those are really focused on – and you have to look at sort of the force majeure risk compared to the production guarantees, and the production guarantees are such that we really – and we looked at this operational from an engineering standpoint, and we feel like that there is risk mitigation associated with the production guarantees that enable us to take on more risk as it relates to force majeure. And then, obviously, that goes to the production guarantee, the capacity factor guarantee, and we feel very comfortable about that as well, because we've been in that territory for a long time. We know how to build transmission. We know how to run transmission. If a tornado came through, it could take down a couple of structures or whatever, but we're used to doing that, and we know the timeframe of doing that. And then for the facilities themselves, obviously, there's a multitude of – yeah, it really is pretty good from a diversity of standpoint. It's not like a central station generation facilities. It's a bunch of small generators sitting up on poles. And that really gives us an opportunity to mitigate risk on an aggregate standpoint from that perspective as well. So when we look at it, we are convinced that we're able to deliver the production guarantees, but also have the ability to adjust, if necessary. So, all in all, I'd say, the rewards at this point certainly outweigh the risks.
Nicholas K. Akins: Julien, I really think we are going to get a result in Texas. And I think it'd be problematic during the pendency of something that's working to go sell somewhere else. So, we're feeling pretty good about the direction this all is taking and the timing of it.
Nicholas K. Akins: No, I think as far as Texas is concerned, I mean the industrials in Texas, you have some of the people who represent the same people, but I think you've got certainly different industrials with different thought processes. But when you think about the settlement that was done with SPS and how it compares against what, certainly what we've done relative to the Oklahoma industrials, it's pretty much the same. And SPS settled with all the parties in Texas. So I think we have an opportunity. We knew going into this thing that with four states, there'd be some commonality in that. In fact, the four states have, in most cases, most favored nations and that kind of thing. So, they're all watching each other in terms of the result. And we have a result in Oklahoma and in the other jurisdictions there that is consistent with what is happening in Texas at this point. And I think we're in good shape.
Nicholas K. Akins: I don't think there's a statutory deadline, but certainly there's a business deadline. I mean, we've been very transparent about the timing necessary and the procedural schedules have been set up consistent with getting a decision on time. So, I think it's really more driven by, I guess, one of the previous questions sort of brought out, when is our drop-dead date and that kind of thing. But I can just tell you that May and June fits.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. It's both. We have fixed-price contracts with the appropriate contingencies. And I think that that risk is being shared. And actually, this tells you a little bit about the commitment of the suppliers that we're working with. I mean, these are established suppliers that do a lot of business that we do a lot of business with. And I can guarantee a lot of homework's been done on what these operational provisions will look like, what the construction side will look like, what the supply will look like, what risks are being borne. And also even if route changes were to occur on the generation tie (38:02) that those have been discussed and (38:05) as well. So, we feel very good about where our suppliers sit at this point.
Nicholas K. Akins: We're not building nuclear plants. Well, I wouldn't want to trash nuclear or anything, because I'm supportive of nuclear. But this is putting small generators up on poles and putting transmission structures up and lines up, and we do that all the time. And 765, we do that all the time. And so, this is not something that is a first – like stamp number one. And the other thing, too, is that when we look at this entire project, it is definitely important to AEP because it represents what we're capable of doing. And when you introduce 765-kV in that part of the country, it could be a tremendous benefit in the future, not just from an economic development standpoint, but also in terms of our ability to continue to serve our customers and serve them well.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. So, we are in the middle of what I would call an M&A transaction without a premium. It's called the Wind Catcher. And so when we look at the strength of the balance sheet, certainly we'll be looking at the financing needs for Wind Catcher and that's a $4.5 billion transaction. So, that's where our thoughts are at this point.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. So, on the first point, I would agree with you. Oklahoma has been the most challenging. And really, with the ALJ order there, it made even more of a challenge for the commissioners to really take a look at it from a positive standpoint. But I really believe they will at the end of the day and – because they obviously look at much broader issues. And so, with that said, I think as far as Wind Catcher is concerned, we intend on this project being for those four states and certainly the FERC customers. There's some FERC customers too that are involved. And if one were to fall out, we're really – as I said, I mean, I think we're at a good place in terms of the transition of getting this thing across the finish line. And at this point, we really aren't entertaining the notion of going forward with the project without one of the jurisdictions. I really don't see that happening.
Nicholas K. Akins: Your guess is as good as mine. I think, obviously, the ALJ looked at it from a procedural basis it seemed like to me. But we're pretty convinced we did file under the right provisions under Oklahoma law. But obviously, we'll continue with discussions with certainly the Oklahoma staff. And I think – I really do believe we put provisions in place with the industrials that should benefit that discussion with them. Obviously, to have that kind of company of the customers certainly would help from a policy side and from a staff side to really take a hard look at this. So, the verdict's still out on that and we'll continue those discussions.
Nicholas K. Akins: Well, it won't have any impact on the project. And it got poured out of the legislature yesterday. So, we don't see that happening.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. So, there is that risk, but not likely. And the state tax credit wasn't assumed in the Wind Catcher economics, to begin with. So if something were to occur, it wouldn't have any effect.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. So, the $500 million was for the entire system, because you know when we presented that EEI. If we were able to get – move forward with grid modernization in those jurisdictions, there was an incremental $500 million. Certainly, Ohio, the order sort of sets up the tone to really have that discussion because the more we move in the technological front and the more we move into optimization efficiencies around the grid, we'll be able to have those kinds of discussions. And I think yesterday's order of the Ohio Commission was the first step in that process. And I think it bodes well for Ohio and, certainly, we'll use that pattern in the rest of our system as well. So right now, there's nothing incremental on the $500 million. That was a Distribution Investment Rider and those kinds of things. Those issues were already in place. So, we'll obviously continue to have that dialog.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yeah. We haven't supposed any structural changes in West Virginia. And I think, probably, all that West Virginia has been through and going through now from an economic standpoint, we really are focused on ensuring that our rate cases are filed very efficient. They certainly are focused on making sure that we're doing the right things by what we believe in terms of service quality to our customers in West Virginia. I think we probably ought to stick to that approach in West Virginia for the time being. And so, we haven't presupposed any structural changes.
Nicholas K. Akins: Well, really, the only ones would be West Virginia and Oklahoma. Everything else has really flushed itself out this quarter. And so, we're pretty clean going forward from a regulatory standpoint.
Nicholas K. Akins: I would say, on your previous question too, we had Virginia recently in the quarter, they also dismissed a case that would have been for two wind power projects. And so, as Virginia thinks differently than West Virginia, the more we see that from a supply perspective, that's going to be an important data point for us as we go in for these cases, how to deal with that. And so, that would probably be the extent of the – your structural question just brought up that issue in my mind of how resources are being seen differently in the two jurisdictions and of APCo, and we'll have to try to drive some consistency there.
Nicholas K. Akins: And we've mitigated pieces of the risk too, because we're acquiring the plant at commercial operation. So, Invenergy is obviously doing their work associated with that. It's been well thought out. Going to your earlier point though, we obviously are paying particular attention to the generation interconnection or you call it transmission, that piece of it to ensure, from a supplier perspective, we're in good shape. We've had conversations with certainly their executive leadership about the importance of the arrangement we have in place. And I think in terms of routing, that work continues in earnest and alternatives are considered in earnest. So when you look at the construction side and the risk being taken, we're in really good shape.
Brian X. Tierney: No, I think that's pretty much on track. The places where we're seeing it, though, Greg, is in the places where we're just T&D Utilities, so we're seeing it more in Texas and Ohio. And that's why you're not seeing as much uplift in revenue is because it's just in the places where we are wires only. It's mostly in the places where we're wires only so. So while we're encouraged by this given where it's coming from and the mix of those sales, we're not getting a huge amount of uplift in regards to net income because of that residential increase.
Brian X. Tierney: Yeah. So, we have two avenues for addressing that. One is just the absolute change in rate which I think we can handle in DIR filings. But then also what the Commission has done is asked us as well as the other AEP utilities – the other Ohio utilities to come in and have a dialog with them about that. So, they've set up a hearing mechanism whereby all of the Ohio utilities will go in and have the dialog. And I think we'll be able to put together something that is compelling, and doesn't have to be litigious. I think we'll be able to settle that.
Brian X. Tierney: So, there were some – there was obviously the FERC 206 settlement was a contributor to that. But tax reform also contributed to that in that the rate base goes up higher with the ADIT not going into rates. So, those two factors mainly contributed to that increase.
Brian X. Tierney: We expect an uplift of about $0.04 versus what we'd shown you at EEI over the course of the whole year, $0.04 to $0.05.
Brian X. Tierney: Yes. So, you're going to see everything from much quicker than that to much slower than that across our 11 jurisdictions. And so, the data point that I have is what we were able to do in Indiana where we were able to increase the depreciation on some of our coal units there and have that be the factor by which we flow back the excess, and that was a 10-year period. So if you're modeling something across the system, I think 10 years would be a pretty good assumption.
Brian X. Tierney: Our preference really is kind of do it on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis, right? And when we talk about taking down reg assets, when we talk about fuel, when we talk about other things that are going to increase rates, it's really going to be jurisdiction by jurisdiction as to what the best way for those customers is for them to receive that benefit. And we're going to work with interveners and commissions and try and be as constructive as we possibly can on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis.
Brian X. Tierney: So, let me just address the financial aspect of it, and I'll Nick address the strategic aspect of it. So when we're looking at our balance sheet, you look at our credit metrics and they are very healthy now. We do expect them to go back into the normal range for Baa1 rated company due to the impact of tax reform. So, we're very strong right now. We had anticipated being a tax payer. That's gone away, to a large degree, with the impact of tax reform, Wind Catcher and other such things. But because of the impacts of tax reform, we do anticipate, as we talked about earlier in the call in the question-and-answer period, that FFO to debt to come in 200 basis points to 300 basis points over the next year or so. So, we anticipate consuming that cushion that you might see there otherwise. And I'll let Nick comment on the strategic component.
Brian X. Tierney: That's a good question, Ali. It's really early in the year. And in a company as big as ours, we're going to have pluses and minuses across the year as things go on. So, we wouldn't anticipate any change at this point to what our guidance is. That's just one area that is up versus what we had anticipated. There are others that are down, and we'll lay those out to you as we go through the year on a quarterly basis.
Brian X. Tierney: Yeah. So, we anticipate it ultimately being around 10% and that's factored into what it is we've guided you to. There's no incremental change to that.
Brian X. Tierney: What you see on slide 25 really doesn't include Wind Catcher. And what we're looking at is what happens to our FFO to debt over time and trying to time, like you've seen others do, any equity needs with when they're actually needed and not take the dilutive effect of that sooner than we need to. So, we are going to let our FFO to debt metric deteriorate maybe 200 basis points to 300 basis points, get down into that Baa1 range. And we anticipate needing to bolster that a little bit, but not before the 2020 timeframe.
Brian X. Tierney: And of course, Mike, we'll have our usual formula (57:01) base rate filings in places like transmission and Ohio and other places.
Brian X. Tierney: So, Angie, whether it's Invenergy, GE or Quanta, all of our partners have skin in the game on this and they are being very proactive in how they're helping us manage the risk of things like caps relative to the cost of equipment, relative to tax impacts they might have, relative to other increases and decreases in their costs. And it's very much of a partnership rather than a traditional supplier relationship. So, they are working very proactively with us on all those issues.
Brian X. Tierney: It's all the things that you would think in a project. It's cost and schedule. And so, we have some of the cost mitigated through the partnerships that we have with our suppliers and they're also helping us to mitigate the schedule component of it as well. So, it's what you would expect in a project of this size and scope. We need to bring it in at cost, on budget, and on schedule, and we have experienced partners who are working with us to help us do that.
Brian X. Tierney: So, right now, we don't anticipate needing one, but we are monitoring very closely our tax appetite with our ability to use the PTCs as we take on a project the size of Wind Catcher and trying to make sure those things match up. That's something that's contemplated in the settlements that we're talking about. And to the degree that we're not able to use them on the same time, there will be an ability to defer the tax asset and earn some recovery on it.
