Nicholas K. Akins: Greg, we've been assuming that load growth would be relatively flat. And that's what we're assuming in our modeling because you can't ignore what's going on with the economy. You can't -- and really, it's hard to tell what impact it would have in the future. And everybody's expecting -- you talk to economists and every quarter it seems like the next quarter we're going to see an economic recovery. Well, that's been going on for years. So we're being deliberately conservative on that. And we'll continue to be that way.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. I'd say it really is flat, flat load growth. It's on certainly cost containment through the efficiency efforts that we have ongoing and capital allocation. Those are the areas where we can get more concurrent growth and better ROEs.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, you got it. It's -- we'll show that, based upon that original 2013 guidance range that we gave and if you look at that, the bottom line 4%, the top line 6%, we'll be in that range.
Nicholas K. Akins: That's a great question. We see all 3 classes continuing to oscillate. And there's a lot of discussion to whether just the general nature of the American economy moving to an industrial manufacturing to more of a service economy. That would bode well for the commercial side of things. On the other hand, you want some fundamental base of industrial and manufacturing to enable the sustaining nature of commercial and ultimately, residential growth. But to us, I think, I guess, the beauty of AEP is that we're in so many areas of the country. And as Brian talked about, different parts of the country are experiencing different types of growth. And based on that diversity and the diversity of the margins related to the components of the classes of customers, I think we're probably in pretty good stead to remain, at least from the overall perspective, being relatively flat going forward. It would -- when you look at the components of the economy, though, in our service territory with the shale gas activity, with the energy-related economy that we have in place, if we really start to see consumption pick up by a vibrant economy, and there's more focus on the energy infrastructure and the energy resources of this country, it's going to bode well for our service territory. So you could see, I mean, you could see those kinds of measures pick up. But like I said earlier, that's all conjecture on all of our parts at this point in time. I think it's going to take more of a federal and state policy and regulatory policy that supports that kind of thing. And also, with the tax issues and things that need to be worked out by the federal government, you're not -- I mean, you won't see much growth until we see some clarity around how to invest in this country. And when you see that, I think you'll see a different makeup of what we're dealing with from a load cycle perspective. But like I said, we've been very conservative about it. We'll continue to be conservative until we see indications otherwise. But when you look at the shale gas offsets, the chemical manufacturing sort of picking up a little bit, that's sort of an early indication that maybe something's happening here. But it's hard to tell.
Nicholas K. Akins: And when you look at the Eagle Ford shale area, for example, there's a whole list of industrial and manufacturing facilities that are coming online in Texas. Now some of them have been delayed in terms of their startup, but you can see that kind of activity when you have a vibrant and shale gas play in operation. And you're now seeing Cline, and there's another shale gas operation now in West Texas that's picking up as well. Oil and gas activity is definitely a positive for the territory. And I think that's why you see some of the commercial activity in Ohio pick up as well, although the Utica Shale isn't as far along as the Eagle Ford shale yet.
Nicholas K. Akins: Well, I probably can't comment on the dividend change in the future. But I can say, this is consistent with what the board has laid out for us in terms of the expected range, the payout ratio, the 60% to 70%. And they've also said that our dividend payout will be commensurate with the earnings capability of the company. So those things, as long as it continues to play the way it is, then we should be in good shape.
Nicholas K. Akins: Well, typically, we evaluate dividends in October. But like I said, we'll have to look at the situation at the time with our board and make that determination. But typically, it's October.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, it just depends on the components of what the load decreases are. Because we have a lot more margin in not only commercial, but residential as well. So it will depend on the components of it. But I can tell you that if we continue to see load deterioration, then we believe we have the process in place to respond to that. And I keep saying, this business is about optimization now. And you got to remember, too, that I don't think load growth gives you the entire picture of the earnings capability of the company because we're having to reinvest in the grid. We're having to invest, not only from the distribution perspective, but also the transmission enhancements associated with it. And keep in mind, too, that we are producing earnings on the retail side beyond our own service territory. So typically, we've always looked at load because it was all like one integrated utility. And we had -- we only had the load increases and really, it's pretty measurable in terms of what the investment capability was. But we're sort of in a different picture now, where there would be more contributions from different areas. So -- but as that load changes, we'll obviously be watching the makeup of that load, the financial impact of the margin capability of that load and making adjustments accordingly.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, and the large customer that shut down, even looking at that contract -- and it was a special contact, obviously. When you look at that kind of financial impact, it was still negligible and we continued with the earnings guidance that we provided. So I think you have to look at it, really, on a customer-by-customer basis and what type of customer they are.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, it absolutely is in our thinking. Gas prices have remained relatively low for a long period of time. And I still believe they're going to remain low for the foreseeable future. And it's something that we have to adjust to from an unregulated standpoint. And Chuck Zebula, who has taken over the generation, the unregulated generation side of the group with the retail piece of it, he is very focused on bringing down his cost structure to enable his business to continue to operate in a positive fashion. And you have -- I mean, there are several things you have to look at. One is, certainly, the natural gas picture. The other is the capacity markets themselves and the inability for those markets to actually pay long-term investors in an appropriate fashion. That's something that we are working on as well. And then also, the impact of distributed generation. Although it's pretty minimal in our territory, you think about those things. They're forcing functions for us to reform our business so that we can succeed in that kind of environment. And that's what we're focused on and our board is very focused on that as well.
Nicholas K. Akins: Well, we'll certainly have more detail on that in November. But we obviously are making pretty good headway from a continuous improvement and cost-reduction perspective. But you have to also think about rates that have been put into effect, the transmission investment and all kinds of things together. So I wouldn't look at one single area to determine what we're doing. So we'll certainly have more detail on that in November.
Nicholas K. Akins: Well, they shut down, I guess, completely just probably 2, 3 weeks ago. And right now, there is no plan. I mean, obviously, from an Ohio perspective, that was taken before the Ohio Commission. The Ohio Commission dealt with it in the best way that they could. I think it was a situation where the world markets had a tremendous impact on all of the primary metals suppliers. And that's really -- I think that's going to be the primary driver as to what can happen in the future, relative to those particular types of businesses. So at this point, we're continuing on as business as usual. Although, it's unfortunate that you wind up in a situation where so many jobs are impacted. But we have a lot of customers who have that kind of experience. And certainly, we did everything we could possibly do, from a special contract perspective and from other areas and working with the commission, to enable them to stay in business as long as possible. So I think we did everything we could do. The commission, in our belief, did everything that they could do. And I think it's a matter of the business case itself supporting that kind of business in the future.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, I get that question a lot. From an Ohio generation perspective, we are still on path to -- our first course of action, obviously, is to complete corporate separation, to get that done. And then secondly, Chuck is busily working on what his cost structure's going to look like in the future to succeed. And even a $59 per megawatt day environment, we need to fully understand what that means. And also, we're pursuing changes within the PJM market construct to enable long-term investment decisions to be made. Those are prerequisites for us to determine what the nature of that business is and does it fit within our portfolio of companies. And I can't say, at this point, the timing of that. But certainly, I can tell you that our management, just like our investors, are fully engaged in trying to determine that result. And our board, obviously, is very focused on those types of issues as well. So it's not that we are sitting and waiting for corporate separation to complete before we start thinking about it. I can assure you that a lot of thought's being given, not only in terms of what milestones need to occur, but also, in terms of the information we need to make that kind of decision for the future.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. So we have the West Virginia case that we ultimately want to complete. And then there's 3 FERC-related cases that we intend on getting completed by the end of the year as well. And Brian, you know the details on those, there's...
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, one's a pool agreement. The other's -- the operating agreement's in place. And then, there's an interim agreement that would be put in place as well. If you need more detail, Rich Munczinski is here, and he can describe those for you.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, yes. 3 of them are already done and 3 to go in FERC and then, the corporate separation, yes. And then, you've also got the other side of the financing and everything that's going on, there's a lot of work going on associated with that activity as well.
Nicholas K. Akins: The interesting thing is -- we're seeing is for the customers that obviously are still connected to the system that haven't gone out of business, those are still the demand charges, the demand ratchet that's in place for the industrial customers has not diminished. So that's a positive in terms of -- it's sort of an indication of where they are at this point in time.
Nicholas K. Akins: Well, actually, it's 4% to 6% from the original 2013 guidance. And there's a bandwidth there and we'll be operating within that bandwidth.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. We got a little bit surprised because the commission, near the end of the entire case, we had a cap put in place that was originally our estimate of the cost of construction that did not include AFUDC. And during the whole pendency of that case, there was never an indication that the cost financing rate or AFUDC would be included in that cap. And the commission, at the previous commission hearing, they indicated that AFUDC was included in that and that's where it surprised us -- surprised everyone, I think. And then they issued an order saying that it was included. And so the write-off is commensurate with the obvious recognition that if the cap is truly inclusive of that AFUDC cost, then that precipitates a write-off from our perspective. So we did that. We're going to ask -- we're going to file for a rehearing and show, I think, a pretty credible case, that it never, never was discussed. And something that, through the entire case, there is no record of our ability to respond to that kind of component being included in the cost cap. So I think it's a pretty serious issue for the Texas Commission to take up, particularly when you have a power plant that is the first of its kind. It's probably -- out of the large projects that have occurred, it's been definitely the closest to budget. It's been lower than what we anticipated from an efficiency standpoint, which enures to the benefit of customers on a fuel cost perspective. And it's won 2 power plant awards and we won the Edison Electric award for that plant as well. And so to have that kind of positive investment that's made and it's found to be prudent, and to have a substantial amount of the cost of the plant essentially be disallowed, is not a good message for those that -- who are thinking about building capacity in the state of Texas. So...
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, but Off-System Sales, obviously, because that's not included. So that offsets some sale impact and I guess...
Brian X. Tierney: Greg, it's Brian. So we have, over time, been derisking our pension portfolio, shifting more of the assets into fixed income and away from equities as we become more fully funded. We're anticipating that in a step-down basis, our pension costs will start to approach our annual draw on the pension, which will be close to about $100 million. So next year, we anticipate it will be close to $125 million and then we expect the expense over time will approximate that $100 million per year level.
Brian X. Tierney: I do. Let me get to the proper page here. And I'm having trouble finding it. So the pipeline and oil and gas extraction are smaller percentages. It's in the 3% to 5% of our total industrial load. But the pipeline transportation, in particular, grew at 26% for the quarter and then well into double digits for the year-to-date period. So although it's smaller portions of our industrial load, the growth in those areas has been spectacular.
Brian X. Tierney: Let me give you some more detail on that, Dan. Oil and gas extraction is 3.8% of total industrial load. Pipeline transportation, our 10th largest sector, is 3.8% of industrial. And oil and gas extraction is up almost 27% relative to the pre-recession peak. And the pipeline transportation is up 16%, relative to the pre-recession peak. So some pretty significant gains there over the last couple of years.
Brian X. Tierney: So to Nick's point, Stephen, some of the challenges that we've seen in industrial, so far, we know we're going to see, at least, through the third quarter of next year because of what's happened at that large primary metals customer. And to some degree, that will be offset by what we're seeing in chemicals, pipeline transportation, oil and gas extraction. But -- and this year, we've seen that we are down, overall load, 1.7% year-to-date, but it's only impacted earnings by $0.02 so far. So Nick's point that the combination of where we have load increases or declines makes a huge difference as to what our results will be.
Brian X. Tierney: I don't -- we got half of the -- we filed for 6. There are 3 more that are left to be done and we don't have significant opposition in those. So we anticipate getting those shortly after we would be able to get what we need from West Virginia.
Brian X. Tierney: So it's just math, Steve, as you know. So what we're trying to do is, as the board adjusted their stated dividend payout ratio to that 60% to 70%, we're trying to stay in that range. And I think you'll see us grow earnings with regulated earnings over time.
Brian X. Tierney: So let me start with the second question first, Anthony. So for instance, some of the things that we've seen some people do, in terms of retooling, we have one customer who's taking down 3 boilers that they had and are replacing it with a more -- a single, more efficient boiler. So in that case, they're becoming more efficient and we don't expect the load to come back to the pre-recession load. In other instances, people are saying, "Hey, prices aren't high enough here for us to continue operating at the levels that we were. We're going to take the plant down. We're going to do preventive maintenance and get the plant back online at a time when aluminum prices recover." So it's really a combination of both of those things. Some of it is efficiency and the load will be reduced when it comes back, and others just taking opportunistic outages.
Brian X. Tierney: So yes, Anthony, we can definitely get for you the GAAP ROEs that are represented there. But you are correct. In a place like Texas, we're having the effects of the securitization. And absent that, the regulated wires return in Texas is much closer to 10%. So we can get you the detail on those for each of these, a GAAP return rather than the pro forma earned ROEs that we listed on the slide. And as Nick was saying about Ohio, if we had reflected the impact of the write-offs that we had, that 12.3% return that you see there in Ohio would be significantly lower than what we're showing there, much closer to 6%.
Brian X. Tierney: Those states, in particular, that you mentioned, Texas and Ohio, are outliers for the reasons that we discussed.
Brian X. Tierney: We'll provide you more detail on that at EEI, Ali. For this year, for what we had anticipated getting, we have most of those increases in hand at this point.
Brian X. Tierney: We have an order from the commission that does not allow for the recovery of the AFUDC now, and we'll go for a rehearing. If we get a positive outcome from rehearing, then we'll adjust accordingly. But right now, we can't assume anything for...
Brian X. Tierney: It's the Ohio write-offs that we discussed earlier. Okay. I think -- after this, I think we have time for one more question.
Brian X. Tierney: Pension cost, pension expense will be about between $70 million -- it will be about a $50 million improvement, '13 to '14.
Brian X. Tierney: Yes. Now let me be clear, that's total pension cost. That doesn't include the amount that's allocated for CapEx versus O&M.
Brian X. Tierney: And then the capacity settlement, we get to keep as we had previously. So the capacity payments that were in rates that Kentucky used to make to Ohio Power remain in effect during the period of the freeze. So it's the plus $44 million, keep the capacity payments and you keep the upside of Off-System Sales until we go back in for the next rate case.
Brian X. Tierney: It's a little complicated at this point because of the Mitchell component that is up in the air. But we would not anticipate a significant difference versus where we are today. But that will be the significant component of what the settlements are, particularly, in regards to how we handle the Mitchell assets in regard to the Wheeling merger in the APCo.
