Brian Tierney: Yes Greg, so the IRS hasn’t written their rules yet, but we think what’s allowed for in the tax law is that parent company interest expense can be allocated to both our regulated properties and to our competitive businesses. In the regulated properties, they will be fully deductible; in our competitive properties, we’ll have significant EBITDA to be able to deduct that as well. What will be left behind will be a very small portion which will be allocable to the parent, which doesn’t have EBITDA associated with it, and that’s the small portion that we think will not be deductible. 
Brian Tierney: No, that was a small portion of it. We think the larger portion of it was really the broad growth across most of our industrial sectors.
Brian Tierney: It’s that small portion that was associated with the co-gens that’s not permanent, and again we don’t want to overstate the industrial growth because of that portion, and as we look forward and forecast the full year 2018, we look at what we think are expansions, we look at what we think the growth rate it, and we think we’ve got that forecasted appropriately with the essentially flat that we’re estimating for industrial in 2018.
Brian Tierney: Yes, what we’d previously shown you at EEI was a CAGR for that over the 18 to 20 period of about 8%. We anticipate it will be about 9%. 
Brian Tierney: Yes, so Jonathan, remember we were showing in the upper teens back then and people were saying to us, hey, you need to consume more of that balance sheet capacity and grow more than what you’re showing, and what we always said to people back then was, we anticipate being a significant taxpayer around 2020 and that’s going to consumer some of that balance sheet and drop us from the high teens into the mid-teens. We’re now anticipating bottoming out in the 14% FFO to debt range before we start climbing again. 
Brian Tierney: Jonathan, it’s really going to be across the breadth of our businesses. Transmission will be a bit of that, environmental will be a piece of that. Contracted renewables will be a small piece of that. It will largely be spread across our business, but our interest in terms of how we allocate capital, transmission is still a preferred place for us to put capital, distribution and the wire side is still a preferred place for us to put capital, and there will be small portions associated with competitive renewable and some portion still associated with environmental at our generation. So largely spread across our businesses, but our preferences for where we put capital to work will remain the same.
Brian Tierney: So clearly that portion about how we allocate the excess deferred income tax back to our customers is something that’s in play, and since it’s in play across 11 jurisdictions, all of which may have different interests, that’s something that we will firm up over time. We don’t anticipate there to be a strategic change in our numbers that would have our capital and financing plans change materially.
Brian Tierney: Well Wind Catcher, of course, is a big change. I was answering the question in regards to tax reform. Wind Catcher is a big change and that would clearly require us to come back out to you and explain how we’re going to finance that.
Brian Tierney: Jonathan, it’s a $4.5 billion project, so that is a significant change to what we’ve talked about in our capital and financing plans, so we’d need to come out to you and tell you a complete story about what Wind Catcher means, when we get approvals and when we decide to go forward with that project. 
Brian Tierney: The part that moves as a part of the negotiations is really the billion or so of excess ADIT, and what we’ve shown in the slide in the deck on Page 36 is what we believe is a conservative allotment of that. I’m not going to go into what it is specifically, but we believe we’ve been conservative as what that excess ADIT flow-back will be. Everything else, the numbers kind of work out the way they work out. Of course, we’re going to be a lower taxpayer than what we thought, we’re going to have PTCs and investment tax credits included in those numbers that will also impact making us much less of a taxpayer than we were, but in terms of risk, it’s about a billion dollars of excess ADIT, and as Nick was describing, there are going to be thoughtful negotiations going on across all of our jurisdictions as to what’s the best way to have that have an impact for our customers.
Brian Tierney: That’s right. Praful, we were starting in a position of strength relative to our credit metrics against our ratings, and the reason we were in that position of strength was we anticipated being taxpayers in 2020 and we described that to rating agencies and investors. People understood that those metrics were going to deteriorate over time, but still stay within the metrics that are appropriate for our current ratings. Now that we’re not going to be a big taxpayer but our cash metrics are going to come in line with our ratings over time, and we don’t think that will be an issue for the rating agencies and we don’t think it will have an impact on our ratings. 
Brian Tierney: I think we had given detail around that going out even a year farther than that, but we don’t anticipate any change to that in even years beyond that, so we see a runway for that out as far as we can see in our forecasts. We’ve given detail around that out through 2020.
Brian Tierney: You know, it’s an earnings growth rate, Christopher, so say it’s off 365. As we go forward, we don’t see that changing as ’16 came in more or less than what we had forecast.
Brian Tierney: Yes, so let me clarify that a little bit. We do assume that we are going to the lower tax rate from the 35% down to 21%, and that that will be a fairly direct pass-through to our customers in terms of rate since that 35% was baked into our rates and now 21% will be, so we view that as not being an earnings issue. Similarly with the excess ADIT issue - it’s a matter of how do we flow that cash back to our customers and over what period of time. In 1986, it ranged from two years, I think, to 20 years depending on jurisdiction, and I think we’ll have an equally large spread of jurisdictions depending on each jurisdiction’s particular interest, so both of those we have reflected in our numbers, but both of those tend not to be earnings issues, they tend to be, as you were pointing out, cash issues.
Brian Tierney: Well again, we did not assume right away, we certainly don’t assume day one flow-backs, and we don’t think that would be a reasonable answer for jurisdictions to ask from us. We’ve built these ADIT balances up over the last 10 or so years, and a flow-back period that is in that time range, we think would be reasonable, or a flow-back that would be associated with the life of an asset would be reasonable. 
Brian Tierney: Stephen, you’re thinking about it right. When we talk about 5 to 7% growth rate, we’re basing that off an increase in net plant and then getting that reflected in rates, and even at EEI we talked about there being somewhat of a lag associated with the investment we’ve put into place and then having that reflected in rates. That’s least in our transmission business because of the formula-based annual true-ups that they have in the rate base. But really, that 5 to 7% growth rate is based on our continuing to put investment in the ground for the benefit of our customers than getting that reflected in rates, and that has--what we’ve been able to do even with what’s happened with bonus depreciation, with the reduction in the ADIT and the reduction in cash flows, we’ve still been able to keep that investment essentially unchanged. We change at $500 million in the third year of our forecast, but by being able to keep that investment essentially the same, that allows us to stay in that growth range.
Nicholas Akins: Greg, certainly our guidance that we’ve given, we’re very comfortable with that guidance that we’ve given, and actually Oklahoma is one of our smaller jurisdictions, so--but that being said, we still expect a good outcome in Oklahoma. On your second point, I think when you go in one case, which was our previous case, and you’re looking to repair the balance sheet and make sure that PSO is moving forward in a positive fashion from an investment standpoint, we pulled several hundred million dollars of investment out of Oklahoma after that last rate case, and the present rate case, to have an ALJ recommendation that’s not helpful at all in terms of continuing the recovering of PSO, if the commission follows suit with that, that’s just another really bad message about investment in Oklahoma.  We have other places to put our capital. We have plenty of places to put our capital, and so Oklahoma would wind up being sort of in the red area like Kentucky was. That’s something we take very seriously because we want to make investment in Oklahoma. It’s a well-run utility, as I said earlier. When you look at the performance of PSO in relation to its customers and the rate making and everything, it doesn’t deserve the ROE recommendation and it doesn’t deserve the outcomes that we’re getting in Oklahoma. So we have to look at that and see what the broad view is. Now there again, it is an ALJ recommendation, and the commission itself will be making the determination, and we’re certainly hopeful that those adjustments will be made and that’s what we expect to happen. You brought up the issues of what the responses could be - obviously we could pull capital out of Oklahoma, we could look at strategic options for Oklahoma, but that’s really--let’s don’t get there yet, because we’re going to let the commission speak on this. I really believe that the commission will be responsive, so let’s just wait and see what that order looks like.
Nicholas Akins: I’ll just add onto that, I think it’s probably a testament to the sound financial condition of what Brian and the team has been doing for this organization, to be able to absorb the tax reform implications without issuing additional equity. I mean, in essence what we’re doing is trading FFO to debt and that ability to carry that against not having to issue equity, so it’s a positive outcome for our shareholders.
Nicholas Akins: Yes, I think the schedules are still moving towards April. We had a two-week delay in Texas for the tax reform implications, but the other jurisdictions are pretty well--have pretty well stayed intact, so we’re still looking at the same time frame and really we need to make that we get those kinds of responses so that we can make decisions about the other commitments relative to the project. We’re still in good shape.
Nicholas Akins: Yes, so many of these recommended rejections have been caveated with, okay, if you do move forward, we need these kinds of protections in place, and that really tends to be the center of the discussion and the center of the testimony. The thing is these cases, and you probably read the transcripts like I do - I get irritated with the transcripts half the time because it’s really arguments on the fringes, and a lot more discussion needs to be had about the benefits of the project and the benefits of a hedge and that kind of thing, but you argue on the fringes and a lot of it is risk adjustments associated with the project that allow for customer protections to be in place relative to the project benefits. We’re certainly encouraging that all interveners propose what they want to get approved.  There is obviously--you know, as we go through discussions with the interveners, it’s important for us to be able to have those discussions wherever we can, and certainly we’re having those discussions certainly with Oklahoma and in Texas. Those discussions continue. I can’t really talk about the content of those discussions because obviously they’re confidential, but again we’ve made additional guarantees and rebuttal testimony, we’ve put that out as a framework for those customer protection type of mechanisms, and you might suspect that’s where the dialog is centered.
Nicholas Akins: Oh yes, and you know, that’s really where the framework originated and the rebuttal testimony. Like I said, it’s in a critical part of the Wind Catcher timeline when you’re in this time frame with the testimony done and being able to have those kinds of discussions, so. As far as confidence level is concerned, I’m still very happy with the way this project looks, and even with tax reform, because a lot of times it gets hung up with what we call our ultra-low gas case, and it’s not really even a gas case. It was really made up - we took our low gas case and we stress-tested the project at 50% of whatever those gas costs. It’s far less than NYMEX is now, and so that’s why I say a lot of the arguments are on the fringes, talking about things that really haven’t happened. So if we can just get the dialog to where it’s a reasonable type of discussion, then we’ll be in good shape. You know, I testified in a case in Oklahoma in the 90s. There was a rail spur in the northeastern, and the commission--the Oklahoma commission approved that and we got capital recovery on the project, but it benefited in terms of fuel costs. This is no different. Matter of fact, we’ve got more customer protection mechanisms in a rebuttal than we ever had anything like that, so when you look at what’s going on in this case, we have stepped up to provide answers to the concerns that the interveners have had, and again caveated by--they certainly recommended rejection, but at the same time they said, okay, let’s work on these customer protection mechanisms, and that’s what we’ve done.
Nicholas Akins: I’m with you on that - let’s don’t prejudge it. But I would say that we’re certainly expecting all the states to give approval to it. You can’t really re-size this project. The benefit of this project is its size, its proximity, where it’s located in western Oklahoma with high capacity factor wind, and with the transmission sized accordingly to serve that capacity, I think you’re getting maximum benefit in terms of the value proposition to customers. I’d have to say--you know, we’re just going to have look and see what outcomes. We’re expecting all states to approve it. If all states don’t approve it, then we’ll just have to look at it at the time, because I think there may be other takers out there that might be interested, so we’ll see. But I really think that as we go forward, it will be pretty important for us to take a hard look at that project and understanding the benefits of that project, we’ll make a determination whether we move forward or not, based upon the way the jurisdictions respond. That’s really probably all we need to say at this point, because we want to make this project moves ahead. Now that being said, I will say that we are not going to move forward with a project that we don’t feel like is beneficial not only to our customers - obviously it’s beneficial to our customer, but our shareholders have to benefit as well, and we have a lot of places we can put our capital, and we just need to make sure it’s done--as I mentioned earlier in my opening, the allocation of capital is going to be extremely important for us to focus in and prioritize our investments to ensure we meet our financial objectives. Wind Catcher is only a part of that - actually, it’s incremental to the entire plan that we have today, and we’re going to make sure it stands on its own merits.  So that being said, I’m still confident.
Nicholas Akins: Yes, it’s an all-of-the-above type of thing, because state jurisdictions are going to look at it differently based upon their own individual situations. Kentucky already took advantage of part of it. We also have areas where we can accelerate depreciation or adjust plant balances or those types of things, so I think it’s particularly important for us to be mindful of where each individual jurisdiction, where the touch points are, and be able to address that. Now, I think that obviously lowering rates to customers is a critical component of this, but at the same time there are distinct opportunities that we’ve had discussions with commissions about previously that we could take advantage of and really have a real positive outcome for not only the customers but also in terms of ensuring that we’re moving ahead in a positive way, whether that’s capital investment to focus on the customer experience, whether it’s certainly things we can do with plant balances to accelerate depreciation and so forth. So all those are things to be discussed, and we’ll have--I really believe we’ll have reasonable outcomes from a commission perspective, and we’ll go forward.
Nicholas Akins: It wouldn’t make any sense for the regulatory commissions to ask for all the cash back immediately, because that would impact the credit metrics of each individual entity, and historically it hasn’t been dealt with that way. Back in the 80s when this occurred, it was amortized over time and we would fully expect the same thing this time around. 
Nicholas Akins: The other thing I just want to reiterate too is that through all this, if there is any question of the 5 to 7% growth rate being in jeopardy in some fashion, that’s just not the case. We’re looking at the 5 to 7% growth rate just like we looked at it before, and luckily--well, not just luckily, but certainly we’re in the enviable position to be able to adjust to tax reform and still confidently talk about our 5 to 7% growth rate. 
Nicholas Akins: We don’t see that. I mean, other projects will have to stand on their own merits, just like our project. Our project is unique in that it does originate in western Oklahoma high capacity wind, but we also terminate it at where the load is in our territory, and that’s toward Tulsa. I think the other projects have different routings and different assumptions associated with them and congestion associated with them, different assumptions entirely. So there may be opportunities to look at right-of-ways and some element of consistency, but other than that, though, there is really--they’re just different. They’re originating different, the takers are different, and so I would say there’s plenty of wind in Oklahoma, there’s plenty of opportunity for development, and there’s plenty of ability to continue to move that process forward. The pie is big enough for more than our particular transaction, so more power to them, but more power to us as well.
Nicholas Akins: Now just keep in mind, as I said earlier, that if we get Wind Catcher and other things that we’ve talked about during EEI Financial, then that can certainly be helpful; but overall, we’re looking at 5 to 7%. We’re within that range and nominally when we look at it, you can look at that range and we’re going to be consistent. That’s what we’re about, that’s what we do.
Nicholas Akins: I think you have to look at the overall message of AEP has been consistent for years now, but it continues to even be augmented beyond that. This is a very, very solid, financially sound utility that is doing smart things for our customers and working with our jurisdictions, but it’s obviously accentuated by the largest transmission system in the country and the fact that we are making our own version of an adjustment in the fleet itself, and that’s why you have the Wind Catcher and you have other wind power projects, you’re having other transitions occur from a resource standpoint. So the augmentation of that along with what’s going on, on the distribution side - you know, we talked about $500 million of additional incremental investments to be made in distribution on grid modernization that’s not in the plan, these are all things that are changing as time goes on, and when you see the adoption of electric vehicles and all those things that are occurring, there is some important catalysts that we’re seeing in the future that we plan on taking advantage of.
Jonathan Arnold: Good, thank you. Thanks for all the clarity that you’ve given this morning. One question on--can you give us some sort of sense of where you think the rate base for (indiscernible) to get out to 2020 shakes out versus the--I think you have 13.1 as the forecast at EEI.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, that’s great. Thank you, Brian. Presumably as we’re sort of thinking about the earnings implications, the main offset is the higher financing costs on more debt with the lower FFO, increasing your financing needs albeit without equity.
Jonathan Arnold: Absolutely, we just wanted to get behind what’s in those numbers. Then finally as we try to compare the capex, where you’re taking the $500 million out of the 2020 number, it looks like you’ve got some moving parts in there, but the corporate pieces, I was just curious what’s behind that and some of the other moving parts in the capex forecast.
