Nick Akins: Yes. So I mean we look at -- and as Brian mentioned on the COVID activity and the load activity, you're seeing residential load be pretty strong. And certainly as you look forward I think residential load is going to continue to look strong with the work-from-home environment and the business cases that are developed afterwards. And then if you have Commercial and Industrial pickup as well, it could be positive from a financial standpoint. The other regarding North Central and other wind projects and solar projects, we have a real opportunity to transition to that clean energy economy going forward in our service territory and that will really makes us – again, we would be disappointed not to be in the upper part -- upper half of the 5% to 7% range because you have to be bullish about not only where load is going, but also in terms of the transformation from a -- just a pure and simple energy policy perspective regardless of who's in the White House in the next election, we'll continue moving toward a clean energy economy. And then also I think, bolstered by the other opportunities we have whether it's mid-range broadband or other types of activities electric vehicles and so forth that we're going to see the further electrification of this society. So I'm really bullish about this company in particular, but as well the industry.
Nick Akins: I think it'd be some of both because obviously with North Central additional equity involved there, but also as you said I mean our dividend will move with our earnings capability. So I'd say both.
Nick Akins: Yes, I think that's a positive story. Some of that is related to new customer connections. And so it was clearly evident that we needed to move that forward. But also we have the capability financially to move it forward. We talked about this last time the deferral of the $500 million we weren't changing the five-year capital plan we were going to maintain that level. And the $500 million was merely being deferred so that we could understand what the COVID issues were going to be. And so we're continually looking at our process going forward in terms of putting that 500 back in in various stages. So what you saw this quarter was the first stage of that.
Nick Akins: Well, certainly, we looked at North Central, but obviously, we continue to track and we believe that the upper half of that guidance range is certainly achievable and something that we again would be disappointed not to be able to get there. So that's clearly an opportunity for us based on the things that I talked about earlier.
Nick Akins: Yeah. And keep in mind too at the same time the Achieving Excellence Progam is continuing to grow. So we already have plans in place and you're seeing sort of a crescendo of savings associated with that plan. And the first year 2020 is – some of it's in there, but not much. And when you look at the future years that continues to grow substantially, and certainly, as I've mentioned earlier the addition of Therace and the focus on digitization automation in combination with the learnings from COVID, I think going to further accentuate the benefits from achieving excellence.
Nick Akins: Yeah, I would say, and as Brian mentioned I mean, there's a lot of learnings from COVID-19 and the impacts and how we've operated, and the efficiency of which we've operated. And I think it sort of changes, the perspective and changes the threshold of even, what one-timers are and ongoing, because I think the learnings we have from here we're going to be much different in our approach related to many of these activities. And actually, you would be surprised and I'll certainly talk about this more at the end of the year of what achieving excellence is showing us of things that were buried in the organization that we obviously have an opportunity to take advantage of. And so there's no question that you should expect the continued efficiency around the savings of O&M. And that's in the non-tracked area.
Nick Akins: Yeah. I think number one really, I think about – the processes are in place and the focus of the organization is in place to be able to adjust. And I'm perfectly happy with the foundation that's been put in place for this organization on an ongoing basis. I mean, because if we look at our Achieving Excellence Program, it's not just a onetime program. It's a regular process we're going to go through in budgeting. And it's also a regular process, where they'll go throughout the year, for us to be able to adjust. So we will do what we have to do. And there's no question, that we have the foundation to be able to do it.
Nick Akins: Yeah, sure, we've certainly been consistent in the discussion around any M&A activity or in terms of -- what we can do in terms of rotation. That's always an option that's available to us. And this company is moving toward, a portfolio management approach where obviously we have sources and uses and those sources include the assets we have. And certainly we'll continue to look at those, as opportunities in time with investments that we make. So we will continue to do that. Regarding M&A activity we have a high threshold because we certainly have the ability to invest we have the ability to -- we have the largest transmission system in the country. Certainly our investment in our distribution businesses is continuing to grow considerably. And so, if we can invest that out without a premium, that's a good thing for our shareholders. Now that being said, we look at strategic areas that make sense to us but certainly that threshold is high. And we'll continue to evaluate that. But make no mistake that this company is focused on its ability to continue to grow, but grow efficiently for our shareholders. And we'll continue to do that.
Nick Akins: Well, certainly with the repeal, it's -- how it's replaced is the issue, and obviously how it's repealed. Because there are some things some interconnections that occurred between HB6 and the regulatory process, where we had regulatory recovery for areas that we need to make sure that's a clean transition that occurs. But on its face, the issues that were involved with that for us should be pretty well taken care of. So that's why we're saying it should be a minimal issue for us. I think it's more of an opportunity for us, because if we're able to -- and really if the state focuses on the clean energy economy going forward, that's going to provide us some opportunities to really do this the right way including nuclear for the -- for our customers going forward.
Nick Akins: Yeah. So, if it's not replaced, then it stays the way it is then we should be fine, because there are already...
Brian Tierney: It absolutely is still an option. And we're looking at all those options to see how to best finance it. We have plenty of time to make those things happen. Nick said that Sundance might be pushed out to the first quarter of 2021, but we're not going to see the rest of those projects coming in Traverse and Maverick until the end of 2021. So all those things are in play whether it's equity or rotation of capital. But for planning purposes we are guiding people to two-thirds equity for that project in aggregate.
Brian Tierney: Yeah. So we're at this point James not able to provide obviously specific guidance on 2021. But I'll say, the incremental $100 million that we're able to garner is a combination of sustainable and one-timers. And I think it's a matter of managing our way through the downturn in normalized load and just working as hard as we can to pull out all the stops to make sure that we meet our commitments to shareholders and really target the middle part of that range without impacting customers. And so far, we've been able to do that. There have been some unexpected things that we've seen maybe some things that aren't line items in O&M that have come out. And I think you have things like travel and expense conventions that people go to things like that meals just buildings expense that you have things that just don't happen when everyone's working from home that, I think are more like one-timers but if people go back to work we'll start to put those things back into place. But you've seen our track record over the last nine or 10 years now and it's been keeping a very, very tight range on untracked O&M and we're using those skills that we've learned over the last several years to make sure that we're able to manage our way through this circumstance.
Brian Tierney: You've seen – on page 34 of the presentation, you've seen the tight range we've been able to keep it in. In terms of bending the curve as we go down to $2.7 billion in non-track, we actually are bending that curve downward at this point.
Brian Tierney: It will be the O&M CapEx or the O&M -- I'm sorry O&M caps. It's going to be achieved rateably throughout the balance of the year. So from second quarter, third and fourth, think about it being achieved rateably, as we work our way through that.
Brian Tierney: So, we'll be fine in that circumstance, Paul. We already had decoupling in place for residential and small commercial customers. We were already getting recovery of OVEC through 2024 through the regulatory process rather than 2030, and it allowed us to enter into bilateral contracts with customers, but we haven't signed any bilaterals to date. So, we think will be absolutely fine, if it's repealed and not replaced. But as Nick said, I think there are opportunities to do it right and replace it with something that's more positive.
