Brian X. Tierney: Greg, I think the 145 that they netted to is clearly below what we'd view as acceptable. I think the 255, which is -- and they had something close to that on an adjusted basis before they took some adjustments that were probably overstepping is probably closer to what we'd consider to be reasonable.
Brian X. Tierney: Absolutely, Dan. I think you've always heard from us that if whether in our system sales and regulatory aren't coming in as we had forecast they would for the year, and all 3 of those things are true for this year, that we would manage our O&M accordingly. And so we are currently in the process of, A, having cut some significant components of O&M ,but we're in the process of evaluating how we might do that more aggressively, not just for this year, but really, as Nick has talked about in the past, trying to reposition the cost structure of this company for the competitive environment that we're moving into.
Brian X. Tierney: Quarter-to-date, Paul, we are. But so much of that depends on what happens with this ESP case, and particularly, the capacity case. And if we get a negative outcome on the capacity case, and we go to something that looks like RPM, that could significantly accelerate shopping. And so the run rate for the year, given the uncertainty that we face after June 1, is something that's certainly in question. And we wouldn't anticipate that you could just extrapolate the year-to-date numbers and come up with a reasonable outcome with what the capacity case gets resolved at.
Brian X. Tierney: Jonathan, it's hard to tell at this point. If you look at that chart on Slide 5, you'll see there's some -- been some pretty extreme volatility in that residential number Q-over-Q. Second quarter of last year was up 4.4%, and then it went to moderately negative in the third quarter. So I think until we see a trend that we can hang our hat on, we really need to watch that data. We don't see anything that is a give up the ghost on the residential customer account or usage for us. But obviously, we're watching that. We'll continue to watch that quarter-to-quarter. We don't like seeing it down 2.8% versus last year. But as you stated, it is an extreme weather year, and making sure that our weather normalization calculations are right when you have such extremes as we're having right now. And to be frank with you, as we have last year, you really need to watch the trend over time.
Brian X. Tierney: Yes, Michael, that's just in Ohio. We have a similar situation in APCO West Virginia where we have nearly $400 million of deferred fuel that we are filing to securitize there. And think we're on a faster track to be able to securitize that close to $400 million than we are in Ohio. In Ohio, the securitization law requires that the fuel case be final and unappealable before you'll be able to securitize. So the amounts that we're looking at in Ohio, we'll probably won't meet that threshold of having final orders until 2013. But we believe we could be there as early as this year in APCO, West Virginia, with that $400 million.
Brian X. Tierney: And then we didn't get there during the depths of the recession and we don't see the problem being as acute as it was then, and so we just don't believe that's even in the cards.
Brian X. Tierney: Andy, they were building that business for a much bigger scale than what they had. And the management team over there, before we ever met them, had a very long view of what they wanted to do with that business. And so they've been very thoughtful on how they put their systems together, how they put infrastructure together. And it was that planning and thoughtfulness that we wanted in the management team, and the benefit of their systems and long-range planning that we got with the benefit of the acquisition.
Nicholas K. Akins: Well, that capacity case is in, and we're waiting on the FERC response to it. And we're obviously unable to tell when FERC would actually render an order, but the case certainly is there and ready for them to render an order.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, Dan. We continue to look at the options that we have available to us. And obviously, we've committed the capacity in PJM. So it's a matter of how much we have to -- you have to utilize those units. And obviously, they're being utilized less. As Brian said, the capacity factors are much lower. So that gives us some optionality in terms of how the units are operated during the year. And then in terms of retirements, we're looking at the dates associated with those as well. You have the -- and really, it's a question of whether you need the capacity and does it stay online into 2014 or 2015 or even 2016? But if the gas market is lower and capacity becomes available, then we'd have to look at those options as well. So we are looking at that on a regular basis on what those options can be. I was just saying that in the worst case, it appears that we're okay from a capital perspective. And then, if we do get extensions or if we decide to convert to gas in some fashion with gas burners or whatever, we'll have that optionality to do it. So, really, it's a capacity and an energy question.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, I think that's one basic tentative of the February 10 discussion we had around capital and O&M discipline in response to the environment that we're in. There's no question that where we're at in the economy and as we follow along with that, along with the other issues that we have ongoing, we have to be able to be flexible from that spending standpoint. We're -- and again, it's in the overall context of that repositioning of the company to those growth areas. And we are very focused on, during this year, working on those activities. So we want to reinforce resources for those growth areas. And certainly, at the same time, evaluate the rest of the organization and make sure we're being as responsive as we can to the operating companies, which really goes to the operating company model.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, that's the same kind of fuel mix, I think, and 80% hedged. That -- it's give or take because you're obviously looking during the year at what the actual coal requirements are going to be. So we continually -- and we're becoming more flexible in terms of our coal contracting to ensure that we do have the flexibility if natural gas prices continue to be low, which we expect they will, that we'd be able to respond from a contractual standpoint.
Nicholas K. Akins: I think it's both. Weather and -- it's weather and natural gas prices. Because one of -- I guess, one of the beauties of our system, we bought 5,000 megawatts of gas in the last few years, or built 5,000 megawatts and it gives a lot of flexibility in terms of if you have low gas prices, they're competing on a marginal basis with coal-fired generation then we can make those adjustments. What we're having to change, obviously, is sort of this black swan event of natural gas prices and making us think about what the future coal contracting provisions will be so that we ensure that they're flexible because there was always an assumption that coal is going to be lower than natural gas. Well, that's not the case, so we need to be flexible on both sides.
Nicholas K. Akins: That's right. That's right. Because even in today's Dispatch, I think there was a -- Columbus Dispatch, there was an article on housing sales and housing prices moving up. So it's a very sensitive part of the economy right now, and when you look at it, we've had industrials. And as long as we have sustained industrial pickup, you'll see commercials come back in and residential, obviously, come back in as well. And I think that's going to be a positive for AEP.
Nicholas K. Akins: Jonathan, I'm pleased with the progress of the integration of BlueStar. And they are also participating in Illinois markets, participating in other markets as well. As I've said earlier, though, we want to make sure that we're only participating in markets that we understand. And that would be primarily MISO and PJM-related markets in Texas. We continue to pursue the -- getting a name for a company in Texas. You can't name it AEP, apparently, so we have to name it something else but we're starting that business back up. And I think it's important for us to make sure we take advantage of the back-office systems of BlueStar, which is a major, major positive for us in that transaction. And the people of BlueStar, we have been very, very pleasantly surprised that -- not that there was a surprise, but certainly, the people involved have been very good for our business and have mixed very well with the AEP retail people. So all -- as you said, there's a major emphasis right now on movement in the Ohio market and we're going to make sure that, that happens. But also, we'll continue to progress in these other markets as well. So I'm very happy with the progress there. And remember, it's primarily put in places of hedging activity for the anticipated generation to be separated in Ohio. So we're very much getting prepared for that.
Nicholas K. Akins: No, we've got a pretty significant number of people with the BlueStar acquisition so it really helped us from a marketing standpoint, but also, from the back-office and system standpoint. And we want to make absolutely sure that as we move forward, that our back-office systems are keeping up with the marketing systems upfront so that we ensure the financial integrity of the business. And we certainly believe that there's margins to be made out there. And when you look at the DSM activity and the other energy support services that can be provided, those services provide margins as well. So I'm happy with the way that's progressing to really develop a platform for us for the future. That's one of the silver linings in all this. I mean, I think Ohio certainly wants to move the competition. And we're moving the competition. We support that. And we support it because there's an opportunity, a real opportunity here, to grow the business in a different way. And we just need to make sure there's a transition that makes sense for us to get there, and that's what we fully support.
Nicholas K. Akins: Well, withdrawing -- as far as the guidance is concerned, it really is determinative based upon what the Ohio outcome is so it depends on what base you're starting from. And I think you can still have earnings growth focused on the regulated businesses -- the other regulated businesses, including transmission, distribution, all the operating companies, and also, the additional transmission business. And that's really -- that confirms the growth rates. So that's -- and then, from an Ohio standpoint, you really do have to look at the risk involved where the case is not a normal case. It's something that we're very focused on, and that outcome will be determinative of what that guidance range ultimately lines up being.
Nicholas K. Akins: I just think we've been at this for over 1.5 years, and there's a lot of people who are fatigued about this case. And we would very much like to get this thing over with. I think if you had a recognition of the other parties involved that yes, AEP does have a transition. Yes, AEP does have a unique situation with its pool agreement and with the commitments made on behalf of the customers in PJM. Those are contracts that we need to get out of. And if given that time, there's an opportunity for settlement. But based upon the last scenario we went through with the stipulation, it's pretty apparent, unless there's some dramatic shift in the positions taken by some of these parties, it's going to be very difficult, indeed, to get a settlement of the parties in this case. I think this is going to be a case where the commission is just going to have to balance the interest involved and make a credible decision. And I think that's key because if they do that, then we get our cases filed at FERC again, we get moving along with all the precursors to move to a full competitive environment with robust competitors. And that's a tone -- a positive tone, that could be set for the state. So I think it's important for that to happen. I'm just skeptical whether there can be a settlement of all the parties that's delivered to the commission this time around.
Nicholas K. Akins: I think that, certainly, we're committed to trying to get the case over with, and I think the commission has also said publicly that they're focused on getting this case moved along pretty quickly. The procedural schedule is set so that due process could be given to all the parties. But we also know that there is plenty of information that's already been provided throughout the entire case. So I don't think there's anything new. Anybody's going to turn over. There's no new rock uncovered here. So it could give the ability to move along more quickly. I think that -- I'm actually optimistic that the schedule will stay pretty much intact because there's been plenty of time given for the parties based upon the issues that we've already dealt with. I also believe that if you get a reasonable outcome and the capacity case or a FERC orders in the capacity case, it could bring the parties closer together. And I just think that there are some major milestone precursors there, the capacity rate, in particular, that could have a benefit in terms of bringing the parties together. That's also an opportunity for a quicker solution.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, Steven, we have very good relationships with the coal suppliers that we have, and we're working through areas of flexibility that could exist. Also, from a contracting standpoint, we typically have a varied mix of coal supplies, long-term, short-term, that can be managed. The issue that we have is that you have coal that's specific to specific units and some inventories are low, some are higher. And we're looking at the possibility of moving coals around to the various areas to mitigate the impacts of coal stockpile increases in the event natural gas prices stay low. So all of those kinds of options are being considered and looked at and actively pursued.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, I think we'll be okay because, obviously, it all hinges on a long hot summer, which is what we usually hope for in this business. But if you have that kind of activity, then we should be fine.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, the distribution case is pretty well done. So yes, so -- and the ESP case really is -- we still have the DRR and those kinds of activities in there. But as far as the distribution case, it's done.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. And also keep in mind, I mean, a lot of our contracts are relatively good compared to market and rail rates are obviously good as well. So the coal that's actually running sits pretty well in the marketplace. And as you go up higher in the stack and with the designer coals and so forth, that's where you run into those kinds of issues. So we're flexible in that regard.
Nicholas K. Akins: I don't -- you could see some movement but typically, you're constrained on coal in the western footprint. The delivery cost of coal in our western footprint is very attractive because it's PRB coal with a good contract, a good rail contract. So those -- it'll be hard for natural gas to compete on a basis with coal in our western footprint. And then from a natural gas perspective, you have older -- many of the gas units are single-stage units with higher heat rates, so you won't see them run as much as you would, like a new combined cycle facility, for example.
Nicholas K. Akins: Well, we don't know the answer to that. It very well could be. But it could be part of the ESP. We don't know at this point.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. And then you've got to look at what FERC doing as well. So that could play a part in the picture, too.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes, I think you do have a gap there between the end of May when the present capacity rate drops off. And I think -- and you really have to go through the process of what the commission intended to begin with when they put that in place. And our view is, is that, that capacity rate was put in to keep the parties neutral there and dependency of all the -- all these other ESP cases going on. And there have to be, in our opinion, some mechanism put in place, whether we request an extension of the stopgap measure that was put in place or some other methods. So we don't know exactly how that would work out at this point. But certainly, as May rolls around, we see the progress of the case, we'll be making decisions on how we approach that with the commission.
Nicholas K. Akins: I think we have filed the 2-step type approach in the case, and the 140-something-rate was applied to those customers that already said that they would switch through the -- to the November timeframe. And those customers did have already switched based upon that premise would be included, including aggregation. And the 255 was placed there as a discounted rate. It's different, obviously, than the capacity rate that we're after. The capacity case would substantiate the 355 actual cost and we're doing the same thing in PJM. But this is -- the capacity rate, in those cases, are discrete components of a larger case in the ESP. So there's a lot of gives and takes within the entire model of the ESP. So that's where we can go to a 255 and 145 type of application on a tiered approach and it would still make sense in the overall sense with the stabilization charge and those types of things. So that's really the context in which we presented those different capacity rates.
Nicholas K. Akins: The only thing I can say is I think we've addressed the hot button points that the commission had expressed earlier. I can't say today where the commission is on the filing that we've made. Only they can do that. But when you think about the low load factor issue, we've addressed that. We've opened some portion up to auction and energy auction, then going to a full auction even earlier than what was originally anticipated. And then also, from the capacity standpoint, I think we've fortified the record to show that switching is occurring at that higher tiered 255 level. So I think we've done the things that we were asked to do. And it's really, like I said, is up to the commission to decide now.
Nicholas K. Akins: Oh, absolutely. That's why we acquired BlueStar. And really, they have some of the best information systems relative to retail operations that we've seen, and we obviously looked at several.
