Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. Greg, I guess we sort of learned this early on in my tenure. We had a $250 million problem with Ohio. And now, this time around, we have 2.5 to 3 years to get this fully resolved from a sustainability fashion. But as I mentioned earlier on the O&M issues and the revenue enhancements that we have going on, we've -- it's crescendo-ing over time. And like -- the plant ideas were an example of that, where you have 6 to 8 plants going through it next year and then the rest of the plants going through the following year. And then we also have the buying measures, the differences in the way they operate the plants. Certainly, the unregulated plants are now looking at -- I mean, they can look across the board at areas of fuel. I mean, fuel is part of the business case for some of the things that they do, which typically is hard to do in a regulated environment because of the different capital versus fuel decisions. But also, Chuck is looking deeply at that team to figure out, okay, what the overhead costs look like. We have to address that because it's in a competitive environment. These plants are focused on making sure they survive. And they intend on doing that. So I think -- and really, I guess, the optimism is coming from the fact that our employees have already come together to find objectives in terms of savings and revenue enhancements for the year that -- or in excess of the targets that we had in place, and that's sort of confirming this year. But also, it's setting the track record for the future years because we're only getting partial benefits of some of these in '13. Some of these things are starting to kick in now and will kick in later in the year, and we'll get the full year benefits in '14. And then, with the additional ideas and things that we're doing, particularly lean wires, those types of activities will continue and we'll see those benefits going into those future years. So -- and I guess another issue with that is mid-2014, there will be another capacity auction for the future years, so that will give us some insight in terms of how we deal with it in that specific year of late '16 and early '17, which straddles 2 years. But as well, we have to decide, okay, how much of this is one-time adjustments where we can move around outages and those types of things versus how much is actually sustaining into the future? But it really goes to the question of the volatility of that business and what that means to our planning associated with that, but -- so we're not wasting any time, obviously. We're acting like we're going to have to have sustainable savings going forward that compensates for the capacity auction in late '16, early '17. But if it winds up being some -- the capacity market moving up in the future, then that can be a different thing. But I think we certainly are at a position now, though, to where we're confident that we are changing a culture that focuses on our ability to address these types of issues. We have to, and that's what we're paid to do. And it's something I think that our employees are certainly energized around to achieve. So as I've said earlier in the discussion I had, it probably -- I was thinking originally, well, we may be able to exceed 6% if we had more transmission spending and those types of things. Well, the more transmission spending we have our eye on is going to fortify that 4% to 6%, and that's -- so yes, I mean, it'd be silly for us to sit here and say, "Well, it hasn't had any impact," because it has had an impact. But I think it's had an impact on our ability to exceed the 6% as opposed to be in that 4% to 6% range.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. I think, certainly, if capacity prices had stayed in there at a reasonable level, it probably wouldn't have had everyone questioning the 4% to 6% or the -- or our ability to get the cost savings that we needed to make sure we were sustainable into the future. I think it raises a lot of questions, and we're addressing those questions. It's -- but it also puts us even more focused on how we adjust that particular business. And when we talk about minimum load adjustments, for example, I mean, the Amos plant reduced its minimum load by over 1,000 megawatts, which -- that's a big change. It takes a lot of cost out of the way we operate in relation to the market. Our people have a very -- I'm not going to say what it is. But certainly, they have a very aggressive measure on what they're trying to achieve in terms of a clearing price for capacity that they operate under. And that's -- but we have a lot of work to do, but -- and I can say that, that business, if it remains as volatile as it is, if we don't get this capacity construct working to where it should, where it respects the long-term investments made by steel in the ground investors in the territory, then that's not something we're very interested in. And so I -- it doesn't fit what we believe our investors are looking for, and we'll need to make adjustments.
Nicholas K. Akins: And I don't know that the generation function itself can make up that difference. I mean, if you're thinking about what energy prices can be in the future -- well, we don't want to bank on what energy prices are going to be in the future. We just assume they're going to be low. So we have to adjust accordingly. And it's not just a matter of looking at the generation -- the unregulated generation business itself. It's also a matter of looking at the overhead that's charged to that generation business because if there's less units running, if they're running in different ways and you're compartmentalizing the profit-loss picture of each unit, then it drives a very different supporting structure from corporate that supports it. So there's a lot of work to be done, and we'll be doing it.
Nicholas K. Akins: I think we continue to see probably soft load because -- and it's probably 2 things. I mean, energy efficiency is part of it. Also, it's an area where the economy -- and through the entire country, but certainly in our area as well, there's been a lasting impact of that. And at the first of the year, economists were saying by the third quarter, things would pick up. We were always saying and have been saying for several quarters now, actually since the third quarter of last year, the industrials were tenuous at best. And that continues to be the case. I think there are some structural changes that are occurring. We'll continue to have energy efficiency in play. The question is, can the electrification of the economy outstrip the energy efficiency piece of the business that enables us to continue to grow. But you can't bank on that. And that's why I say our business is going to be more about optimization and providing services to customers as well that provide additional benefits beyond what you see just strictly in the load numbers. But I also believe that, and as Brian pointed out, the oil and gas activity in our footprint is prevalent, whether the Eagle Ford Shale or the Utica Shale and others. Those are wet gas, and we have a lot of dry gas top formations. If we can -- if we ever get to a point where the economy starts to pick up like the economists keep projecting, at some point, we'll benefit probably more than others because of that indigenous growth associated with the shale gas footprint and the production capability associated with it, so -- and that's actually been our saving grace on the other primary metals industrial losses that have occurred. So I'd say, certainly, with the growing economy but also with the intensive focus on energy-related infrastructure, particularly in our service territory, that could be a benefit, so I -- and I'm probably more optimistic. I guess I'm probably -- if there's -- if it's pessimism, it's when is it going to happen. And we've all been waiting for an economic recovery, and you hear a lot about housing construction and I see a lot of commercial and housing construction in our service territory. And I also see the top of the -- all the corn in the fields are still green. So that's a good sign. But we really do need an emphasis placed on how to move this economy forward.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. So I guess it's what steel you put in the ground that's important. We've already finished our build cycle-related generations. So Turk went operational. We bought natural gas. That's all done in our Eastern footprint. And so we're at a point where we can decide for the -- probably for the first time in a long time where our capital was deployed. Much of it was driven by environmental spend. It was driven by new generation spend. Now it's driven by block and tackle infrastructure spending that typically commissions don't have an issue with. Matter of fact, they support it. And they should because we are at a stage where there's a rehabilitation of the grid that needs to occur. What we're trying to focus on is whether those no-regrets types of activities and optimization of transmission is no regrets. Infrastructure build-related distribution is no regrets. Certainly, the investment we're making from an environmental standpoint, we have about $4 billion to $5 billion left to spend associated with the particular plants that we have. But we're doing it in very different way. We're not going out and building and then asking for recovery of it. We're going in at the beginning and saying, "Okay, before we start construction on this thing in a big way, we need to know, are we going to be able to recover it?" And in the case of Kentucky, we haven't. In the case of Arkansas, we have, because there's a different set of circumstances and we're more than willing to do that. Matter of fact, we want to move more of our capital to those infrastructure areas. And that's the kind of steel in the ground that makes sense. With demand-side resources, certainly, I'm all for demand-side resources, but not to the point of really jeopardizing the reliability of the grid by depending on those kinds of resources for only a specific set of hours during the year, as opposed to the things that we run into in the real world from an operational perspective. I started out as an electric system dispatcher, and my experience is actually in interconnected power system operations. And I can tell you, what's going on now is wrong and it needs to be fixed. But that said, demand-side resources, certainly, generation with firm transmission coming into the area is a benefit. And we should be mindful of that because we're optimizing resources and we're actually defining a new set of resources that includes new technologies as well. So my view is, we stay with optionality around resource side of things, but we focus on those enabling areas where we can accommodate those resources and provide better services to our customers.
Nicholas K. Akins: And Anthony, I mean, I'll add on to that. We're already looking at additional transmission that can be -- I think like projects that can be put in place and addressed more quickly because, frankly, that's part of the revenue stream and the additional earnings that would partially fill the gap for this capacity issue that we had. So we have every motivation to continue with our transmission investment and every motivation to find and release every bit of capital. And the one thing that gets forgotten in all of this, the performance management side of things also produces capital alleviation benefits that can be -- they can be redeployed to other areas, including transmission. So we're not just about O&M changes, we're about capital changes as well to accommodate that and fuel that future growth. So as Brian said, at EEI, we'll have more information on that.
Nicholas K. Akins: Yes. It's a large load, like many of these industrials, but that one in particular. And if you -- we don't hardly make any money off of it to begin with. But then, if it did go away, then we'd be selling it at any off-system [ph] market, so...
Nicholas K. Akins: I'd say no, not at this point, obviously. We've addressed Muskingum River 5. That was the one issue where we had an incremental investment that would have to be made and was related to natural gas, so -- and if the market didn't support making that investment, then we retire it. The others are either planned to be retired anyway, which we've already written those off in terms of an impairment. So the others are fully controlled units that operate well in the market and -- but we're certainly focused on that year to ensure that we're driving costs out and efficiencies that we can drive through the market and make sure they continue to operate. So we don't see anything else at this point.
Brian X. Tierney: Dan, I know you've talked about this in the past. We were very aggressive in moving our Muskingum River 5 as we saw the results of this and recognized that the capacity environment didn't lend itself to invest -- further investment in that unit. And we're going to be very disciplined in terms of the capital that we put to work in that regard. And right now, that's not an area that's attracting a lot of capital from us as compared to lower-volatility, higher-growth areas like our transmission business. We're -- we've been disciplined in the past, and we're going to demonstrate that discipline as we work our way through this capacity pricing issue.
Brian X. Tierney: Anthony, we hope to have some more detail for you on the growth trajectory of transmission about the EEI conference timeframe. We're working on that capital rotation now. And one thing that we've never done is showed you earnings that we hope to get or think we might get or projects that may come together. We've really tried to show projects that are either approved or don't need further approval. And that's why we're reluctant to go out too far in terms of the transmission growth rate beyond areas where we've been through the planning process at the RTOs.
Brian X. Tierney: Sure. It was -- and it was largely broader-based across the area. The place where we saw -- places where we saw the increase was really associated with shale gas plays, where we're seeing the growth in employment. And in the other areas, we just weren't seeing that growth in employment as much as we were. And it was pretty much broad-based across the sector. The one thing, Jonathan, that I'll say, and we look at these monthly. We look at -- we discuss with you quarterly weather-normalized sales. You really need to look at, I think, the trend over time to try and understand what's happening with load and can't just take it quarter-to-quarter. Up modestly in the first quarter of this year, down greater than 2% in the second quarter. You need to kind of look at a trend line for these quarterlies to get some sense for what you think is going on. But with the exception of Texas and Ohio, the decrease was pretty broadly based.
Brian X. Tierney: Yes. So it's separated into 2 categories: one is the interest income component of it, and the other is the tax component of it. Interest income, we always reflect in ongoing earnings. To the point where it's specifically associated with this item, we had a negative in the fourth quarter of last year, as we thought that the case was going against us. And then the PP&L won their case at the U.S. Supreme Court. And since we had previously adjusted for this in operating earnings, the interest income component were just reflecting the same treatment that we always had for interest income.
Brian X. Tierney: It doesn't entirely reverse it. We took a partial write-down of that in the fourth quarter of last year, where we had previously accounted for the interest income, and then we had the full reversal in this year. But the full treatment of this issue has always been in ongoing earnings.
Brian X. Tierney: We -- so I wouldn't want to talk specifically about the discussions with the commission that we're having. There are issues related to whether or not Ormet stays in business or not altogether. And those items are fairly small for us. If Ormet were to stop operations altogether, the pretax would be about $2.8 million per month, so for the balance of the year, maybe $0.025, and for all of 2014, maybe $0.045 per share.
Brian X. Tierney: That would be if they -- that's right. And that would be if they ceased operations altogether. But remember, Jonathan, there will be some offset for that as well in off-system sales as we've had the incremental energy to take out to the market.
Brian X. Tierney: Yes. So Steve, we've been proactive in getting out in front of this. As Nick mentioned, we had those units that we knew we were going to retire in 2015, and the Ohio components of them we wrote off late last year. And then we had bubble units, and Muskingum River 5 is one where we thought we were going to be able to retrofit it and run it on gas through 2028, and the capacity results just made that not a prudent investment for us. So it went from being on the bubble to being a unit that makes sense for us to not operate after 2015.
