Nick Akins: Yes, so certainly, we need to see, as I mentioned earlier, the capacity performance. Hopefully, FERC will approve that. We can get on with the capacity auctions. We have some interim auctions, as well, as a result of that. And then we also have some auctions on the Ohio side that occur in April/May timeframe. So that’s one set of issues. And that’s on the right side of the ledger. On the left side of the ledger is the PPA issue itself. And it sounds like FE is going to be in hearings in June/July timeframe. So we would want to hear directionally where the Commission is going regarding the PPAs.  Obviously, we have the open door in terms of the last order we received that said it was legal and we could do the filings. But we really need some direction in terms of what that means going forward. Now whether that’s defined by the FE case or our rehearing or our case remains to be seen. But certainly, with the new leadership over at the Ohio Commission, we are hopeful that we can see a more consistent approach to this, and make sure we get these orders out quickly so that the market, particularly in Ohio, can understand where we are going next. So those are two big value propositions that we need to get a sense of in this overall process.
Nick Akins: Yes, so with our Transmission business, we have a really good speed toward moving projects forward. I mean we have a whole litany of projects that are ready, willing and able, from a capital standpoint. So we are ready, from that perspective. But typically, it will take a couple of years before you start to see the earnings from these facilities to be put in place. So it remains to be seen as something we will have to feel our way through, in terms of whether share buy backs, earn outs, or something like that in a transaction. Those things are critically important to determine the amount of dilution during that period of time. And obviously, we are trying to mitigate any dilution that could occur during that period. So a lot of work going into what the options are that are available to us. But just know that we are focused on trying to mitigate any type of transition from that respective.
Nick Akins: Certainly, that would be the best outcome. Who knows what FERC will come up with. But I would suspect, with the actual operator, in terms of the auctions, requesting that because of the disruption that would occur relative to the market itself, I think it's probably a – it should be a no-brainer. But it remains to be seen. But our expectation – I mean we would be surprised if they didn't, at this point.
Nick Akins: Yeah, so as far as River Ops is concerned, we obviously announced that we engaged Morgan Stanley to work with us on that process. That process continues. And it's another one of our commercial business is that we are looking at relative to the valuation and disposition of that business. And they are doing a great job. The company is in great shape. But we want to make sure that it fits strategically within the framework that we have going forward. And so that process continues. And I really can't say anything more about it at this point in time.
Nick Akins: My view is that that transaction, if it were to occur, certainly has less issues with it, in terms of milestones to get through. So I would say that the ease of that transaction is probably very different than the rest of the of the unregulated generation on the commercial side.
Nick Akins: So at this point, I mean SWEPCO is in a situation where the market with natural gas and those types of issues are of legitimate concern. So you want to make sure you can put the best foot forward whenever you do go in for recovery of Turk. And the legislation certainly helped out in terms of bypassing a CCN process and being able to file part and parcel to a rate case type environment. So we have to make sure that from an overall rate case standpoint, that it would make sense to file in Arkansas, not only in terms of valuation of Turk and be able to put forward a credible case, but also where you stand from an overall spend situation in Arkansas, as well. So we're going to have to figure out the timing of that kind of filing. Meanwhile, SWEPCO continues to work on other things to reinforce the valuation. We have a large steel customer that's coming online later on this summer. And also, we've got several other cases in Louisiana and in Texas, with the recovery mechanisms in place there, with formula rates and so forth, and transmission, actually, true ups of those kinds of investments. So it's sort of a patchwork to fill in until such time we can get Turk in line.
Nick Akins: Yes, Paul. We're starting that process now. Actually, we've already started it. We do have some O& we've identified that could be pulled forward. But at the same time, it becomes – we pulled $60 million forward last year. So now, you're really getting into areas where, okay, can you pull forward, from that prospective? So it becomes a little bit more difficult. So we're having to reach deeper and think really hard about how much we can actually move forward. So that process is continuing and something that we are very mindful of, given that we started the year somewhat ahead.
Nick Akins: No. No. I think we have identified and started that process and we will continue it on. Now keep in mind, last year we had relatively mild summer. So we will continue looking at the levers and looking at the quarter by quarter performance, and we will make adjustments accordingly. We've gotten pretty good at that.
Nick Akins: I think for the time being, it’s going to be centered at the Commission, because Andre Porter has moved over as Chairman, who previously was involved with the deregulation that occurred some three years ago. And so he knows and understands the issues. And also hopefully, understands the lessons that have been learned since then, as well. And I think he and the Commission, under his leadership, will continue to provide direction, but also consistency and get these orders done. He has also brought on a new chief of staff, which we have certainly met. And he appears to be very, very professional about what he is doing, as well. So I think with some sense of consistency around leadership and in terms of direction associated with the staff itself, at least I am hopeful that things will start moving pretty expeditiously in Ohio.
Nick Akins: No. I don’t think we see much impact, from our perspective, and as far as MISO is concerned. I mean, one thing is for sure, they really need to start thinking – PJM and MISO need to administer that contract they have with each other, from an operational standpoint. I know there have been issues that have come up relative to how they actually administer the flows over the lines. But I think as far as we’re concerned, though, we’re in pretty decent shape.
Nick Akins: Some of it is timing. But overall, you will continue to see O&M continue to be consistent from the perspective of ensuring that we mitigate any increases. Because obviously, you have overheads, salaries, those kinds of things continue to go up. But we’re mitigating that, in many respects, from an O&M perspective. So our O&M stack continues to be consistent, relatively consistent from year-to-year. We expect that to happen. So Brian, you may have something else.
Nick Akins: So I think it may be a part of both. But keep in mind that there will be a consistent view toward that perspective.
Nick Akins: I think we have enough cushion to be comfortable with starting to take steps and being more aggressive about what we do, relative to moving O&M up and doing other things to reinforce the issues that we have in 2016. So just as with last year, where we got ahead, we will be looking at taking additional steps. And we will manage that from quarter to quarter. In this case, though, I think you have a quarter where, certainly it looks – it’s really positive. But you have a different set of underlying factors to consider, like last year at this point in time, there really wasn’t much of a rate stack to fill in or anything like that. And this time, there is some larger swings that can occur. So I would say, overall, we are very confident about our ability to aggressively pursue in a positive way. Obviously, it’s a better problem to have than if it was on the downside. So we feel good about where we are at.
Nick Akins: Yes. I think it’s difficult to tell at this point. Because obviously PJM is trying to push aggressively to get the auction done as quickly as possible. So if we hit early summer and that kind of thing – and then the previous questioner obviously was asking somewhat the same thing. From the Ohio perspective, we just need to know directionally what Ohio is going to do. So whether that comes from our rehearing, or FE’s PPA case, or ultimately our larger PPA case, we just need to understand what that sense of direction is going to be. And so I am not going to say it’s going to fall back at this point, from a decisional process. Certainly, the delay takes away some of the wiggle room that you had for the summer. But it’s really hard to hard to say, at this point. We will have to keep our ear close to the ground, in terms of what FERC is doing and what the Ohio Commission is doing to resolve that issue. I guess my main point is that we have gone through the analysis. Our Board has been involved every step of the way. So our reaction time is very minimal, at this point. We just need the factual information.
Nick Akins: We’re focus is really on 2016 and the issues around that. Because we certainly want to give some sense of continuous improvement in terms of earnings and be able to really approach that in the right way. So 2017 and 2018 and beyond, we’ll probably have more color on that by the time EEI rolls around in November.
Nick Akins: But just know that we continue to advance our transmission spend. And if conditions wind up that way, we will be happy to do it.
Nick Akins: I think you haven’t seen the ROEs out of the realm of reasonableness. So there’s a bandwidth for that. And certainly, I see FERC continuing to encourage the investment in transmission. And so, you see some of these one-off type of cases. And they have their own situations, whether it’s their RTO premium, that kind of thing. And when you look at the aggregated total from a ROE perspective, we’re still within the range of reasonableness, comfortably. So we don’t expect much change, from our perspective.
Nick Akins: Angie, you bring up a great point, and certainly one that we think about a lot. Because there’s two sides to the equation that are working here. And as you talk about PJM and what FERC can do and the capacity auctions, if the capacity auctions improve considerably, then that may, in fact, have a negative impact on the ability for PPAs. And I am saying negative from our perspective, because the market is saying the value that capacity is going up considerably. So you look at what Ohio is doing. Ohio looks like a long-term PPA customer to us. And typically, long-term PPA customers will enter into contracts when prices are lower so that they can lock in value for customers in the future.  And my concern is, if the market continues to increase considerably, that we will be looking at investors saying, why are you entering into PPAs with a market going up considerably? And that will be a problem for us. So I think the Ohio Commission, and the state of Ohio, really needs to think about that, in terms of the long-term stability of Ohio and where it’s placed in the right now. Because we’ve demonstrated that the PPAs are a benefit to customers over the long term. And so a decision needs to be made. So to me, I think, in some cases, the race is on. And we have to get this resolved.
Nick Akins: Yes. So the units that are placed in the 2,700 megawatts, they are ones that are still fit well in the market, but they’re probably the most at risk. And Ohio has to look at that from – we want to keep the generation. We want to keep it running. We want to keep the taxes, the jobs, but there is still a benefit to customers. So the other generation will continue to fit very well into the market. And then from the PPA perspective of generation fleet itself, if it is approved the way we presented it, with a long-term approach that’s essentially life of plant and those kinds of things, it becomes somewhat neutral. Because you have a situation there where it is quasi regulated. So I think it could wind up being a really good fit, because you would have the certainty around a portion of the portfolio in Ohio. And then Ohio could still take advantage of any market fluctuations that may occur, just like we do with any other portfolio we have. There’s a fixed portion. There’s a variable portion. And I think that’s ultimately best for customers, just like we do fuel.
Brian Tierney: Greg, this is Brian. Good morning. It was mostly related to the Polar Vortex issues, and it was related to costs associated with reserves and operating expenses that PJM passed through to us in the real time during those Polar Vortexes, that over time and rates, we could get reflected. But given that it happened realtime and we couldn’t get those get those in rates immediately, we had to eat during 2014.
Brian Tierney: Paul, just adding to that a little bit. I think across the industry, we saw weather normalization in residential in the first quarter of last year look similar to ours. And it looked a little bit out of whack, and it sort of normalized over the balance of the year. That's why, as Nick said, the quarter-on-quarter comparison of this year to last year looks kind of negative. We're interested in seeing how the balance of the year flattens out and what that looks like. But we really believe last year's first quarter weather normalization to be a bit of an anomaly.
Brian Tierney: we think it's in line with what we've previously stated for the business, Paul. There are a couple things going on there. They continue to do their normal activity. So the trading and marketing they do, they had a couple of big deals that they got closed in Texas, which were positive for the quarter. But don't forget that when we laid guidance out for 2015, there is about a $0.35 hit associated with changes in capacity revenues in that business. So we think we're on track. We are little bit skewed towards being ahead for the quarter. But the real drags on that business are going to be the latter half of that year, as we experience the fall off in capacity revenues.
Brian Tierney: We had some normal ongoing marketing activity that we do down there. So as we own these businesses, we're going to continue to operate them with an eye towards the long term. And they were able to renegotiate and change the terms a bit on a couple of contracts that they have down there, which is normal ongoing business for us. But that was beneficial to the quarter.
Brian Tierney: Ali, you’ve come to expect from us over the years that we are going to manage our way through a year and across years. And that’s exactly what we’re doing. So the guidance that we laid out, we are still comfortably within that guidance for the year. And as the year goes on, depending on what happens with earnings and cash flows and the like, you’re going to see us managing our way to stay in a range that puts us in that guidance, and then within that 4% to 6% growth range that we’ve talked about over several years.
Brian Tierney: Not in that timeframe. We’ve been able to fill in some of the gap in 2015, so far. But Ali, as you look at some of the earlier questions that we got, if there are going to be transactions, in terms of use of proceeds, that’s primarily where we would be focused on filling in the gaps.
Brian Tierney: Michael, a couple of things on that. One is, we had about a $200 million planned and funded to higher transmission spend. We’ve been able to move dollars out of other CapEx buckets that we’ve had into transmission. And that includes both the transmission holdco and the vertically integrated utilities transmission spend. So of that $200 million, we’ve been able to fund about $80 million of that. And then just on the prior question from Ali, if there are to be proceeds from transactions that might happen later this year, the primary place for that to go would be the transmission spend.
Brian Tierney: Yes, so very good point there, Michael. I think the CapEx that we spent last year, the 4.4 that we spent this year, were predicated on those improving credit metrics. Again, if we were to change the portfolio of businesses that we have, we think we would have even more balance sheet capacity. I think you saw Duke get an upgrade on the sale of its competitive generation business. We would expect a similar actions by the rating agencies if we were to transact going forward, which would give us even more balance sheet capacity. And if and when those things happen, you know where we’re going to be spending those dollars. It’s going to be on that transmission growth story that we have going on.
Michael Lapides: When we think about last year, you had a great first quarter, and you talked about moving some O&M into 2014. And you’ve talked a little bit about doing it this year, although it sounds like there is not as much wiggle room there. One of the other things you did last year is you moved up a couple hundred million dollars of transmission spend into 2014, or you raised your transmission CapEx view, for prompt here. Just curious whether you’re likely to do the same thing this year, given such a strong or healthy start to the year.
Michael Lapides: Yes. And I’m just thinking outside of transactions, because that’s kind of bigger dollars versus where I am focused here. I didn’t know if you are making another increase to expected transmission spend, given a strong first quarter 2015, similar to like what you did in the first quarter of 2014.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And because when I start looking, Brian, at the balance sheet and your capitalization ratios, they’re getting pretty healthy. They’ve been getting healthy for the last couple of years. But they are now reaching – I think your FFO to debt is, on a percentage wise, getting at or even better than some of your targets. Just curious about when the health of the balance sheet, regardless of having had such a strong first quarter, enables you to deploy more capital in the transmission maybe a little bit earlier than you thought.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Last question, just thinking about transmission. We’ve seen some changes come out of the FERC regarding transmission ROEs. We’ve seen a multitude of cases in other RTOs in the Midwest ISO and in ISO New England. We have not seen a lot of activity regarding that in PJM. Just curious for your view on kind of why PJM is one of the few regions where we haven’t seen a lot of Section 206-type cases for ROEs.
