Nick Akins: Yes, I'll just follow up with the -- did I mention transmission. So I'll turn it over to Julie, who respond to that.
Nick Akins: But the overarching theme around transmission is that with -- certainly with the movement to clean energy economy, and the focus we have on renewables being put in place, you can't put these renewables in place without additional transmission, transmission, is becoming more constrained. So it turns out to be very positive from an AEP perspective from an opportunities to really focus on not only the development of transmission, which were the largest in the country but also in terms of the renewables build-out and in fact, distribution with distributed energy resources that will drive different resource needs as well. So all in good shape from that perspective. So we feel very, very bullish about our transmission.
Nick Akins: I would certainly say that the list was robust. And all the usual suspects that you would think of and beyond. But there were a lot. And I'd say it was still generally half and half, 60-40, whatever it was of strategics and others financials. And so -- and actually, the Phase 2, we're going into a list with strategics and financials and it's a well-balanced group. One that I'm sure will hold each other accountable during the process, but we're very happy with the responses we received.
Nick Akins: Yes. They'll go into the confidential rooms and all that kind of stuff and more due diligence will be done, and we'll go through the process with them. So that's just what the process is.
Nick Akins: Yes. We view it as a continuing part of the process. And we said we would be transparent and we have been transparent and we'll continue to work in a positive fashion with the SEC during their investigation. And certainly, the issuance of a second subpoena is really -- they just need more information. So -- and we're going to supply it. So we're going to work with them and we'll continue doing so. So our response is essentially the same as the first one. We recognize there were governance issues we need to change relative to 501(c)4 and we made those changes. And certainly, from our perspective, we'll continue to work with them to get this thing resolved.
Nick Akins: I mean there's not much else we can say about it, obviously, because it is a process with the SEC, and it's really up to the SEC what -- how they want to continue to analyze the information, ask for new information. And typically, I guess, whenever they need new information, they'll issue new subpoena. So it's just part of the process, and it's really up to the SEC. And our only -- I mean the only control we have is to continue to cooperate very positively and respond, and we'll continue to do that.
Nick Akins: Yes. So obviously, we have 3 -- I guess, 3 of the normal 4 burners already loaded. One's Kentucky, one is the contracted renewables and then the retail after that. And we have to do really a strategic review around retail because it includes some of Ohio and that kind of thing. So we need to fully understand that. And we said that we would look at other parts of the business, if it fuels the growth that we're focused on relative to transmission and the movement to a clean energy economy. And so we'll continue to do that. I don't want to -- I really don't want to position business versus another at this point. But we'll continue to look at all of our business to make sure that we are being as efficient as possible to -- as Julie always says, actively manage the portfolio to ensure that we are moving forward from a growth perspective, but also from a derisking perspective, to ensure that we are spending our capital on the right things and O&M as well. So that's probably all I'll say at this point, and I'll leave it to Julie in the future to answer those questions.
Nick Akins: Yes. So obviously, we've had the same conversation relative to [indiscernible] in Congress. We -- our transmission of large block of our transmission is transmission within our service territory. And actually, the -- just basically the nuts and bolts of making sure that we have rehabilitation of the grid, replacement of old resources. We have some transmission lines. And I just -- every time we have our subcompany Board meeting, I always comment about these 100-year old lines that come up for replacement. And we're still in the process of doing that. We've talked a lot about the amount is the sheer magnitude of AEP's transmission system and the average age being 57 years old or some number like that. And the spend that we have ongoing now just increases by a year, every year it goes by like a 57 to 56 by spending $3 billion. So really -- we have not had issues with the construction of our transmission. Now if you do a new transmission with new large-scale transmission, that's where you really get into permitting and right-of-way issues. And that's really part of the permit legislation. And then when you cross over states, obviously, the cost allocation issues occur. So -- but by and large, almost all of our transmission is really related to transmission that either already exist or within our territory that we have. We certainly have the ability to move forward with. And we also have -- and this is probably more than you asked for, but from a transmission perspective, we've increased our planning associated with that. We used to do 120% of the capital plan. Now we do 130%. And we're also looking at distribution actually to do the same thing around 120%. So those are mechanisms where we continue to be able to use bottles, we continue to be able to adjust based upon different projects being either slowed down, sped up or whatever, and we continually adjust to that because we have thousands of projects to be able to work that through. So that really drives that element of consistency around our ability to provide capital for transmission and in fact, distribution.
Julie Sloat: Thank you, Nick. Thanks, Jeremy. Thanks for the question. Let me tell you, we've certainly got a lot of attention from our investor base. And so I'll answer it that way. So we appreciate that because that means we're doing our jobs. I think we still need to do a lot of work here to make sure that we make it easy for you all to understand what the earnings stream is in the earnings potential of that particular business. And so as we were getting ready for this call today, I'm looking at the waterfalls on Pages 9 and 10 of the presentation today. And so let me go to Page 10 just for real quickly. So the AEP Transmission Holdco, which is our pure play transmission component contributed $0.95 of the $4.04 year-to-date. And as you know, we've got more transmission and play across this waterfall too, that shows up in the vertically integrated utilities in the T&D segment. So as a swag and we'll do better with this as we go into 2023 to give you a more granular view of the transmission component in the aggregate from AEP, but assume that roughly 50% of the earnings on the vertically integrated utilities and T&D utilities is essentially the part of the 95% -- or I'm sorry, adding $0.95 to another -- let me say it in another way, I'm totally tripping over myself here. $0.95 from the AEP Transmission Holdco, essentially double that. So that's about half. So half of our earnings are coming from that particular segment. The other half is coming from vertically integrated utilities and in T&D utilities. So not insignificant when you compare that just under $2 to the 404. So we'll do better, and I'll do better explain in the stuff as we go forward in 2023, but I wanted to have that number kind of in the back of my pocket here in case you asked the question, so I'm glad you did.
Julie Sloat: Yes. No, thanks again for the question. We're keeping a watchful eye on that. You're absolutely right. So let me kind of compare and contrast. The short-term debt rate that we were realizing last year through the first 9 months was about 27 basis points. Today, through the first 9 months, that was about 1.46%. So a significant uptick. And so what we'll be doing is continuing to manage across the different buckets of tenor and using kind of barbell strategies to do our financings going forward. We still have a little bit of work we have yet to do this year, and that's at the parent. I mentioned that at our Analyst Day back on October 4. And we're assuming that rates would adjust to on a longer-term basis to about 5% to 6% for us. That compares to through the year-to-date rate of about 3.34%. We will and do have that embedded in our 2023 guidance, but we'll continue to work with that.  Let me give you another finer point to that what I pay attention to is how much of our debt is floating rate. We generally target somewhere between 15% and 20% of our total portfolio being floating rate. As of the end of the third quarter, we were at about 14.8%. About -- that equates to about the parent about $5. 7 billion, $1.95 billion of that being CP. So we've got a fair amount of fluctuation there, but that's already getting picked up in rates, and it's absolutely embedded in 2023 guidance. We'll have more for you to share and for your modeling efforts at the EEI conference when you get all the assumptions that we'll have behind the waterfall and details that you're typically used to seeing from us.
Julie Sloat: And Durgesh, this is Julie. We have a 2-step bid process, and we would expect to be in a position to have a PSA signed in early 2023. With the closing in the first half of next year. I think we shared that with you on October 4. And we get the question around who is the primary regulatory authority or body that will govern this, and that's FERC, as you know.
Julie Sloat: Yes. No. Thanks for the question, Julien. And actually, as a matter of fact, that's exactly what we're contemplating. As you know, we've got a fair amount of exposure in excess of $400 million as of the end of the third quarter. of deferred fuel at West Virginia, in particular, we want to be very sensitive to customer bills. So the plan is to see what we can do around securitization of the outstanding balance and manage rates for customers. Right now, the current mechanism is we have a 12-month fuel cause to reset and account for the prior year. We're currently in hearing there, but we want to be extremely sensitive to our customer base as it relates to that particular area. So standby, we'll have more to tell you and more to share as we make some progress, but securitization is absolutely contemplated.
Julie Sloat: Yes. But we do need some clarification on the legislation because it's very specific to what you're trying to securitize. So that will be a critical path for us.
Julie Sloat: Yes, yes. I would leave you with this thought. As it relates to on-site partners, which is our distributed energy solutions organization, and we have wholesale services as well when you look at the quadrants of our unregulated components of our total AEP business, I would submit to you that you should assume that they operate business as usual. Those are close to the customer. Those are things that we need to engage in to manage our day-to-day operations and we want to make sure that we're extracting all the intelligence we possibly can and taking care of the customer at the same time. But if there are things we can leverage to help us in the regulated envelope, we'll be doing that as well. So distributed energy solutions seems to scratch that itch. And we've gotten a lot of success and runway out of that. So business as usual. And we'll keep you apprised. Anything else that we put on deck like Nick said, we got all of our burners busy. You know what's on deck. But the point here is to get as efficient as we possibly can so that we can deliver the goods, take care of you, take care of our customer and then where we're good to go.
Julie Sloat: Yes, yes. So Michael, what you should anticipate is movement on the PSO front. I mean we've got a little bit of momentum there. We've got the securitization taken care of now. We'll be making an application soon for a rate case. So anticipate that. We do expect over time that APCo is going to improve, too, particularly now that we've got the Virginia triennial behind us, and you're starting to see the fruits of that effort, already showing up in our waterfall slides. And then we've got activity, regulatory activity underway at SWEPCO 2. But we will give you more granular detail at the EEI conference on a company-by-company basis across the board. So stay tuned for that. But as you know, the entire objective is to move the needle and close the gap. And I would submit to you that that's how we describe another aspect of our active management. So we should be in good shape and moving in the right direction. Obviously, we're comfortable with the guidance we already put out there.
Julie Sloat: Yes, yes. No, I love that question because fussing with that myself as we've got the good news. So yes, $0.06 that you saw in the third quarter, which is essentially like a catch-up from the under earnings from 2017 to 2019. So that's unique. So $0.06 this quarter. And I'll take it a step further. Let's go to the fourth quarter because you probably asked me about that, too. We should have about $0.01 of earnings associated with this particular outcome in the fourth quarter of 2022. So think about that when you're calibrating your model. And then for 2023, we'll have about $37 million of additional revenues from rate increases that effectively covers January of 2021 to September 2022 that in terms of what we should have been able to recognize, but we're spreading it over 16 months plus we have the going forward a benefit that starts October 2022. So what all does that mean? That means $0.06 spread across 2023, and that will be included in the waterfall guidance that we gave to you at EEI. So I hope that helps kind of in the word there for you.
Julie Sloat: Yes, cash tax gets really goofy with the BMT. So those numbers kind of floated all around, and we can always help you behind the scenes with modeling. But for cash tax in 2022, I want to say that the rate is something like 10.8% then go out to 2023. The way we're modeling it is just a little bit over 4%. But I would just direct you back to the GAAP annual effective tax rate. And so we're looking at the traditional 5.2% in 2022, and it pumps up a little bit to about 8.4% in 2023. And but we'll be able to give you more granular there, too, when we roll out all the backup to the 2023 guidance. Yes, the BMT -- it gets -- it almost looks geological when we're looking at some of the modeling -- I mean it works and it's accurate, but it just the rate kind of bounces all over the place from a cash perspective because you're using those tax credits.
